Henin'in backhand'inde topspin ve slice vuruşları çok etkilidir.
He was a member of Gravediggaz.
By 18 August the airfield was ready for operation.
The commission is responsible for many forests and woodlands in Great Britain.
The capital is the coastal city of Boumerdès.
张阳说，要抓实抓深肃清流毒影响工作。
庚子乡试十一名，会试二百四十九名，廷试三甲三百十三名。
Boehner served as chair of several important committees before becoming Minority Leader in 2006.
In 1423 Guelders passed to the House of Egmond.
Nguyễn Thị Kim Ngân (born 12 April 1954 in Bến Tre Province) is a Vietnamese politician currently serving as Chairwoman of the National Assembly of Vietnam and the first woman to take the position.
Because there was no damage from Tropical Storm Ingrid, the name "Ingrid" was not removed from the tropical cyclone names list, and will be used again during for the 2013 Atlantic hurricane season.
The park has lands that are owned by private people and also by the public.
James Warren "Jim" Jones (May 13, 1931 – November 18, 1978) was an American preacher and religious leader.
The group says that it was started in 2002.
，始建於1874年，面積13.
When his grandfather died he inherited Castille and Aragon.
Some accounts say that poor members of the group were not treated as well as richer members.
He co-founded the Afrikaner Volksfront (Afrikaner People's Front) and later founded the Freedom Front (now Freedom Front Plus). citation He was known for stopping armed violence by white South Africans during the post-
The band is playing in a ditch where others are watching them.
They were delivered in 1961–1967.
The spinning wheel replaced by the Ashok Chakra Lee.
风筝在2000多年前由中国人发明，它是人类最早的重于空气的航空器之一，其原理对现代飞机的发展产生了重大影响。
The purpose of popular science is to show scientific literature in a way that different types of scientists, and people who are not scientists, will easily understand.
风云四号拍摄的卫星图 citation 。
This is particularly important in the nesting season.
He holds a Bosnian passport and played for Bosnia U21.
’s History of Western Philosophy, whose foreword he composed, Foreword (Prólogo) by Mosterín to Bertrand Russell, Historia de la filosofía occidental, Madrid: Espasa Calpe, 1994.
Israel was then attacked by Syria and Jordan and defeated them both.
While in Paris, she fell in love with Gilbert Imlay, an American who she later followed to London.
The Son of God existed before he helped his Father make man.
孩子通过学前教育进行学习一些字母、数字、颜色与绘画等训练，往往在开始规范式教育时，领先于同龄的、未受过学前教育的孩子。
After two pilots (test episodes), Star Trek was first shown on television in 1966.
十五年（727年）五月，诏中书门下引文武举人就中策试，蓝田县尉萧谅、右卫胄曹梁涉、邠州柱国子张玘等对策稍优，录奏时，
，以至其他纖毛蟲，利用其反口盘（aboral disc）
One of his most popular records was "Roll ´Em Pete" which he wrote together with Joe Turner.
A very important part of a successful Gainsharing plan is the employee involvement element of Gainsharing.
ISBN 4063348954（日文）ISBN 9882073123（香港中文）EAN 4710765200350（台灣中文）
，封楊師厚為魏博节度使，915年三月楊師厚死後，
A decision problem which can be solved by an algorithm is called decidable.
氣象局預料帕卡翌日（27日）將迫近澳門以西的廣東西部海岸並逐漸增強，澳門風力亦會在晚間開始逐漸增強，將在當晚至凌晨考慮改掛三號風球，並改指懸掛八號風球機率提升為40%至60% citation （main） 。
After the program was replaced by two separate programs (BBC London and South East Today) in 2001, Embley rejoined BBC World as a presenter.
She graduated with a red diploma, having received the specialization “Image-maker-Psychologist”.
Also that night, Kurt Angle challenged Booker T to a WCW World Heavyweight Championship match, which Booker T accepted.
The season takes place fifty years after Jack saw the last time portal destroyed and lost his sword.
Status epilepticus is very dangerous.
This is the same as Kirchhoff's junction law.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has yet to organise it.
Titanosaurus has traditionally been treated as a "
國道43號上設有福町公車站，姬島通上設有福町三丁目公車站。
She made scarfs and garments to liberate the elves of the slavery of the wizards.
、helicopter cube。
She was the number three swimmer in the 400 meter freestyle race and the 200 meter individual medley race.
She was named after Catherine's stepdaughter Mary – on 30 August 1548.
İlçenin nüfusu 2010 sayımına göre 23.350'dir.
Carme Forcadell was born in 1956 in Xerta, a small village in Baix Ebre, on the coast of southern Catalonia, Spain.
Temple of Antoninus and Faustina in the Roman forum.
In some places, little plants (with leaves and roots) develop.
Mr. Tambourine Man: The Life and Legacy of the Byrds' Gene Clark.
Legendary Locals is an imprint of The History Press.
That is the random movement of the wind.
It is instead promoting the "mainstream view presented in anthropology and archeology textbooks for the past few decades.
Ama bulundukları kabı kaplarlar.
Mittenaere attended school in Steenvoorde, where she lived with her mother.
The following is a list of Blu-ray, DVDs releases for The Powerpuff Girls and 2016 series.
賈斯汀與他的朋友－－怪咖布爾斯基， 古怪謝利，還有最近才出櫃的同志布雷特－－都有很明顯的「約會殺手」特質。
Head and body length ranges from 250 mm to 800 mm.
Little Gandhi is a 2016 Syrian Turkish documentary movie directed by Sam Kadi and based on the life of activist Ghiath Matar.
Sabit döviz kuru ayarlamaları, Danimarka Merkez Bankası (Danmarks Nationalbank) sorumluluğundadır.
Brezilyalı yıldız, Corinthians'ta 2003-2005 yılları arasında forma giydiği 54 maçta 23 gol kaydederek dikkatleri üzerine çekti.
"the two countries’ border, to this day, has not been designated".
The project took about three years to complete, although maintenance and upgrades will be ongoing.
大批已退役但仍有一定飞行寿命或者利用价值的军用飞机被运到此处，以作战备等用途。
These disputes started the third-wave feminism in the early 1990s.
However the club performance is bad he resigned in July 2015.
The Italians numbered about 4,800 and about 30,000 native troops.
In each double chromosome there are two copies of that chromosome's DNA molecule.
Yapının ön cephesi ilk mimarın dizaynına sadık kalınarak Vincenzo Scamozzi tarafından 1610 yılında tamamlandı.
This event is now known as the Munich massacre.
Akyazı-Kuzuluk arası 8 km, Adapazari-Kuzuluk arası 37 km'dir.
The area that grew around the monastery became known in Welsh as Tyddewi, which means "David's house".
Some criticize its treatment of the people of Taiwan, but others focus on positive political and economic change that it made.
Sometimes they are relatively frequent in a population.
It has very good transport connections, by road, rail and water.
Nevertheless, Darwin's explanation of evolution was fundamentally correct.
The consequence was a series of wars which lasted over a hundred years, and ended in the utter destruction of Carthage.
The Book: A Global History, eds.
In the street photos are forbidden.
This "direct pressure" is the simplest and most effective way to stop bleeding.
The hollow ball is fired as a single round that breaks apart upon leaving the muzzle of a cannon.
The larger trucks were fixed up but were still the 1950s types.
A cause of action generally includes both the legal theory (the legal wrong the plaintiff claims to have suffered) and the remedy (the relief a court is asked to grant).
It tells the story of Silas Marner, a lonely linen weaver.
The oldest product is the "Bretzeli", that has been produced since 1906 and that was invented by Oscar Kambly the first.
's command wins for the first time.
The President of Malta also resides directly or indirectly in all three branches of the state.
In 1931 Macià proclaimed the Free Catalan Republic in Barcelona.
A traveler's guide to the geology of Egypt. Cairo: American University Press, p78.
Its name was 'Sporthuis Centrum', which means 'Sport House Centre'.
乾隆二十三年（1758年），任参赞大臣，
However, in 2016, the Democratic candidate (
In all cases, as the size of the system being studied grows, the computer time and other resources (such as memory and disk space) used also grows.
Jean-Francois Champollion could read only some of the larger pieces which had royal names.
二子何、佶齐名，世称“二包”。
Jalal, Ayesha (1994) The Sole Spokesman: Jinnah, the Muslim League and the Demand for Pakistan.
These are behaviors that appear to be disturbing, upsetting or threatening.
The rebel miners flew their new Eureka Flag.
在这段时间，微软宣称他们没有发布新的主题的计划，用户可以创建他们自己的Visual Style的用户界面。
One of them is their neighbour, a farmer called Mr Frederick.
Klimova's character is a typical glamorous inhabitant of glossy worlds, idly wandering from one fashionable party to another, but rapidly transforming with the appearance of a real strong feeling in life.
It grew up to 7% in the first quarter of 2008.
但君士坦提烏斯二世對兩位倖存的堂弟尤利安與加盧斯心存戒蒂，因此讓他們遠離帝國中樞，並接受嚴格的亞流派基督宗教教育。
There is not usually actually anything wrong with the way the person with BDD looks, but to that person, there is.
They have to do this without getting caught by the players on the other team.
Her best known roles were in Once There Was a Girl (1944), Spring on Zarechnaya Street (1956), An Easy Life (1964) and There Is Such a Lad (1964).
Also, she has said grooved floors are best, because cows are scared of slippery floors.
She played A Fair Customer in the movie The Waiters' Ball in 1916.
No. 125, season Advanced Battle.
Hugh's mother was Lothar's concubine Waldrada, meaning people knew she was the king's girlfriend.
Two is the only even prime number.
He arranged a medley of the game's music for its staff roll.
He was also active when the Nigerian police brutality sparked controversy in October 2020.
; it is caused by not getting enough liquid (usually water).
The district is in the middle part of the state.
He graduated at the age of sixteen with two GCSE qualifications in geology and art.
，安努改變心意要給他永生，賜給他生命之水和餅。
By February 17 it had burned an area of convert including the air strip and cutting the main road.
The group debuted in 2008 with the song, "10 out of 10." After two singles, member Jay Park left the group due to growing controversy over his opinions on the 2PM fans.
They are capable of "stinging" humans, so live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
It makes a very complicated molecule when it is heated.
在一些常用的简单管线中，shell仅仅只是用管道来连接每个子进程，然后在子进程中执行外部命令。
During his first season, Sport Boys finished 7th in the league and then 8th in the following one.
向淑德（1740年10月7日－1779年8月4日），童名真鶴金，號淑德，
'den kuzeyde Guaíra ve Salto del Guairá'ya kadar uzanmaktadır.
It chiefly affects the scalp and feet.
He also held positions on the executives of large agricultural organisations in later years.
President Reagan then re-enlisted some US Navy personnel.
Blair Johnston in All music guide to classical music.
Units were built in two batches, and were initially introduced on services on the Brighton Main Line.
"In 1838 Friedrich List designed a railway network" for Germany.
North European birds move within a wider compass than central European birds.
's west coast), killing at least 11 people.
Many treaties make a country do something, or change the law of the countries which agree to it.
Holiday's mother was called Sadie Fagan.
Flint, p. 14 英國main於1942年12月發佈的一份報告指出，当时只有大約50輛領主可以使用。
In 2008 she was a member of the gold medal winning Australian side at the Auckland World Netball Championships.
About a third of the book concerned the applications of these ideas to humans, and presented the data available at that time.
According to Kavyamimansa of Rajasekhara, Kavyamimansa of Rajasekhara, ch.
Listaller在其檔案格式中包含了Autopackage包，Listaller在處理Autopackage檔時就如同在處理其他的Listaller檔案格式 。
Daria L and Josh perform Grand Pas de Deux in a version of The Nutcracker, a well-known classical ballet.
The diocese is the key geographical unit of religious authority in the church.
The heat from burning the blast furnace gas is then used to pre-heat the blasting air, "wind", which in turn is blasted into the blast furnace itself.
目前擁有該步槍的玩家不能移除該步槍 citation 。
He first appeared in a Wendy's TV commercial in 1989, and by the time he died, he had appeared in over 800, including every Wendy's commercial that aired in the 1990s.
Apple also removed Rosetta making it impossible to use PowerPC.
The third generation of S60 and V60 will also be available as Polestar models.
A user can add and subtract the numbers here, even if the numbers are not next to each other.
Some students say that homework is a waste of time and that they do enough work at school.
It was created as Pittsburg in 1872. citation The people realized that another Pittsburg existed in Kansas, so they changed the name to Tipton.
People have been pedicuring nails for over four thousand years.
President Charles R. Middleton was inaugurated in 2002, and retired in 2015.
Cao Dai's hierarchy includes a Pope, cardinals, bishops, priest, etc. Cao Dai teaches equality between men and women, but women are not allowed to be Legislative Cardinal and Pope, the two highest positions in Cao Dai.
The median age was 37 years.
Measurable (≥convert) snowfall occurs an average of 12.9 days per year, with at least one inch (0.025 metre) of snow being received on five of those days.
赤道几内亚作为葡萄牙的前殖民地直到18世纪，
The movie was screened in the Berlinale Special Galas section of the 65th Berlin International Film Festival.
有1520毫米、1524毫米、1600毫米、1668毫米、1676毫米5种轨距。
Türk Halk Müziği genel repertuvarına derlemeleri ile kaynak sağlayan sanatçılardan birisi olan Kabaklı, ses sanatçısı olarak yurdun pek çok yöresinde ve bu arada yurtdışında da konserler verdi.
由低而高，阶梯层次，设计严谨，布列有序，有江南书院的典型风格。
，於20世紀時入住，居住期間超過20年。
The Turnpike opened in 1795.
This idea can be adjusted to need.
，並由黑衛士的918人擔任先鋒。
Vesalius is often called the founder of modern human anatomy.
They finished in fourth place.
总面积9平方公里，人口8588人，人口密度954.
A new feature, Force Touch, is on these models and is also on the Apple Watch.
The female frog lays its eggs in rice fields or other bodies of water that do not move.
'nin temizlenmesi olmak üzere birçok hizmette bulundu.
At their bases, they emphasize Sekhmet's savagery and brutal myths.
This category has articles on people who were born in the year 923.
LCAO-MO is a simple model of bonding in molecules, and is important for studying molecular orbital theory.
'nde yüksek lisans yaptı.
Linking the evolution of body shape and locomotor biomechanics in bird-line archosaurs.
Dr. Neuman rampaged throughout the city, claming everyone suffered from a disease he calledIpkissiamascosus.
The game was mostly liked by reviewers and sold five million copies.
物集女站（もずめえき） citation 乙訓の歴史を学ぶ会編著『京都おとくに：歴史を歩く』かもがわ出版、2006年、147頁。
The city's name means first gate in Japanese.
On the last devices is necessary to install terminators.
'na emrettiği on tane emiri içeren bir ilkeler dizisidir.
The Maserati brothers were named Alfieri, Bindo, Carlo, Ettore, and Ernesto.
因此，「审查制度」常常暗示着有不利的、不适当的和压制性的秘密。
They have a daughter, Eva.
The first is a dictionary in only one big book, called Svenska Akademiens ordlista (or SAOL).
He had suffered an injury two years before that gave him great trouble.
He was President pro tempore four times.
The club meetings last for about two hours and there are many roles.
She has been married to Dan Finnerty since 1995.
美國各州的人口在20世紀初期都市化中逐漸出現明顯差距，
Ziolkowski's wife and family have continued to work the Crazy Horse Memorial.
This protection was introduced because of the serious impact that the fisheries may be making on whale shark numbers.
Ring girl Arianny Celeste announces the third round.
This movie received negative reviews from the critics.
有關稻的起源，依然成為科學界長期的爭辯議題。
Redcurrants are used in jams and other cooked foods.
It has a land area of convert, making it the 29th largest island in the United States.
Pretoruis named the city after his father Andries Pretorius.
The endpoints of the conjugate axis are at the height where a segment that intersects the vertex and is perpendicular to the transverse axis intersects the asymptotes.
Supply depots store and distribute the equipment and supplies a military needs to operate.
The award is presented annually at the National Film Awards ceremony by the Directorate of Film Festivals.
It is also the best possible emitter of thermal radiation (heat).
The chemistry of molecules is explained mostly by their bonds, and their bonds are caused by their structure of electrons.
Most of its associate degree graduates went on to complete bachelor's degrees elsewhere.
以下為該屆東南亞運動會壁球單人賽的賽程。
;片頭曲「Lucky Monster」
Later, he went back in the past to Baghdad with Ginu.
Energy and time spent on defence can be considerable, but justified if it makes reproduction more likely.
Throughout their history the Eastern Chalukyas were the cause of many wars between the more powerful Cholas and Western Chalukyas.
麦克纳提还告诉费兰法官，巴克斯戴尔团伙涉嫌大宗毒品交易以及多宗谋杀悬案，但没有人调查他们的犯罪行径 citation citation 。
，並在世界各地擁有辦事處與生產設施，
The elevation is convert.
Nokia 3310 can use for PIN card and SIM card can be use for virtual workgroup.
It was one of the reasons that the Jewish leaders opposed Jesus.
Fluorine as an element is extremely reactive and toxic.
There is also regular ferry service from Ulleung-do.
It had small, short ears.
San Juan is Spanish for "Saint John".
該日下午，堀江貴文以五億日元的保釋金獲得交保。
He demanded a separate state for Muslims as the Congress leaders were not willing to share power with the Muslim League.
The World Heritage Site includes the towns Hallstatt, Obertraun, Gosau and Bad Goisern.
He was a candidate to the Portuguese presidential election, 2006.
Shuki Levy and Kussa Mahehi (Haim Saban) were credited as composers for contractual reasons.
The talent of his father was part of what inspired Matthew to play guitar, sing and form a band.
The Anniversary is a 1968 British black comedy movie directed by Roy Ward Baker and based on the play of the same name by Bill MacIlwraith.
Bununla birlikte, türler, habitat kaybı ve kaçak avlanma nedeniyle korunan alanların dışında nüfus kaybı yaşamaktadır.
Köy 1968 yılına kadar Mirce Sopran adında iken 1968 yılından beri aynı adı taşımaktadır.
丁建华是享受国务院专家特殊津贴的国家一级演员、中国影协理事、中国电影基金会理事、中国电影表演学会理事、上海电影家协会理事、上海电影译制厂配音艺术学校校长。
There are different ways to achieve this.
學生得知此事，在9日和10日靜坐。
Titan's eccentricity is 0.028, very close to zero.
Ertesi hafta Raw programında Braun Strowman, Amore'yi yere serdikten sonra Neville geldi ve Amore'ye Red Arrow yaptı.
Neşri ayrıca "Oxford Anonim tarihi" diye adlandırdığı bir kaynaktan bazen yararlanmıştır ki, bunun "Bodleian Library MS, Marsh 313" adlı el yazmasına çok benzediği bulunmuştur, bu Ruhi Çelebi'ye atfedilen Tevarih-i Al-i Osman eseridir (Ruhi Tarihi).
Newly popular, Laney is surprised to be nominated for Prom Queen.
Schools in Centre include Cherokee County High School, Cherokee County Career and Technology Center, Centre Middle School, and Centre Elementary School.
What Animals Want: Expertise and Advocacy in Laboratory Animal Welfare.
The Sargasso Sea is 700 statute miles wide and 2,000 statute miles long (1,100 km wide and 3,200 km long).
It was the fifth TLC: Tables, Ladders & Chairs event held by the WWE.
如同站名所示，當站鄰接東京大學駒場校區，車站北側一帶皆屬於該校校區範圍。
总面积38平方公里，人口1354人，人口密度35.
'nin batı kıyısında yer almaktadır.
She died on August 9, 2015 from leukemia.
About 7.68% of total migraine cases are chronic migraines and about 1% of people in the United States have CM, with a higher rate among females, middle-aged people, and in those households that had the lowest annual income.
They merged the Journal and World in 1911 after a fire destroyed the offices of the Journal.
Einstein and his group said that Heisenberg should think again.
Horsehair can be mixed with plaster to make it strong.
Since Larry and his family drive the story lines for most of the episodes, their residence is the most detailed, comprising separate, contiguous sets for the living room, the kitchen, and the children's bedrooms.
J. C. Furnas, The Road To Harpers Ferry (New York: W. Sloane Associates, 1959), p. 233 Additionally, the presence of bands of both Kansan and Missourian combatants in the area made it difficult for families on the border to remain neutral.
Almanzar later revealed that she and Offset had secretly married in Atlanta on September 20, 2017.
Cataract surgeries to try to bring back her sight did not help.
'nin katılımyla 6 Haziran, 2011 tarihinde açılmıştır.
The other two, Saint-Flour and Mauriac, have respectively 38,079 and 26,192 inhabitants.
Not all the notes are exactly in tune; see below for details.
Gardner went on to write over fifty works of fiction, including fourteen original James Bond novels, and the novel versions of two Bond movie.
Foch is second from the right.
法蘭西回應他們考慮寬大地下嫁凱瑟琳公主，並提供六十萬金幣的嫁妝，以及阿基坦地區。
The Monster group is the largest of these sporadic groups.
The manga, which began in 1987, currently has 8 parts with each part focusing on a different member of the Joestar family.
It is thought that they mainly ate fruit, leaves and large insects.
But they are recordings of Gershwin at the piano.
，导致了大量的争议；她希望法庭禁止身为公务员的美国宇航员们在太空公开进行宗教活动。
The organization was co-founded by the Rev.
Ram Boolchand Jethmalani (14 September 1923 – 8 September 2019) was an Indian lawyer and politician.
Belinsky is one of only two pitchers in the history of the Angels to start his career with a four-game winning streak or better.
A laser scanner, either hand-held or stationary, does not have to be close to the bar code in order to do its job.
It was founded in 1997 by since-then retired teacher Sigurður Hjartarson.
DC was formed by the merging of "National Allied Publications" and "Detective Comics Inc", as well as the affiliated "All-American Publications".
In July 1988, Selena was in the recording studio and began recording songs.
Fonz is an example of a racing game.
同年3月12日，他在圣文森特教堂受洗。sfn 他的父亲也是画家，出生于巴黎。
She is the third woman from South Africa to win the title, and the first black woman since Leila Lopes was crowned Miss Universe 2011.
Murgul nahiyeyken ilk kez 1933’te Dahiliye Vekaleti’nin yayımladığı Köylerimiz adlı kitapta bir köy olarak kaydedilmiştir.
One can have them if they have a prescription (doctor's permission).
Passengers can stay inside in lounges or individual cabins, or can stay outside on the "sun deck."
D. P. Kirby, The Earliest English Kings, Second Edition (London; New York: Routledge, 2000), p. 1 The Danes spent the winter in East Anglia.
In 1860 the Spoorwegnet was founded.
，最初只设置有布吉、南头、沙湾、白芒、盐田坳、背仔角6个检查站，后共设有16个陆路关口、1个水上关口及23个耕作口。
Meat and shellfish were a luxury, unless they lived in the countryside and could go hunting or fishing.
This brochure was distributed in Germany: it was made to increase the hatred towards the people of the Soviet Union (note: not the Slavic people, the term Slavic people never occurs in the brochure).
There are some 17,000 police departments in the United States.
In June 2013, Costostavlos, along with rapper Mike GLC were arrested on suspicion of supplying class A drugs.
There are many variations on the standard 8'x8'x10' size, but the use of containers for transport is now world-wide.
Some people feed magpies by throwing small pieces of meat to them.
）》以及《TODAY》、《WELCOME BACK》、《M.
The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).
The National Party passed apartheid laws to make racial segregation the law in South Africa.
Texas Tech University Press.
Celia was the strongest Atlantic hurricane of 1970.
明報推算馬會損失高達11億的投注額，令政府少收約1.2億元博彩稅。
By the end of the decade John had been promoted to captain, Peg had risen in seniority, and they had three daughters.
，由於未有其他對手，黃志明自動當選，
When the Netherlands became independent, it was a very special country.
He also wrote songs like "Night and Day," "I Get a Kick out of You," "Well, Did You Evah!" and "I've Got You Under My Skin."
因此決定不會宣誓，並遞信辭去區議員一職，將在4月底生效。
These races are Human and Charr, from Guild Wars Prophecies, Norn and Asura from Guild Wars Eye of the North, and the Sylvari, a new race to the Guild Wars series.
郡乃移獄於縣，岐即令脫械，以和言問之，便即首服。
Carlos Saúl Menem (July 2, 1930 February 14, 2021) was an Argentine politician and writer.
Nipah virus disease is a disease caused by a dangerous virus.
Cox, J.C., Duffield Castle; its history, site, and recently found remains; with some account of the seven Earl Ferrers who held it. geneal.
Katı roket iticileri ateşlendiği zaman bu kirişler yüksek stres yükü nedeniyle bükülürler.
Not much of this wall remains as people have been stealing from it.
The reign of Emperor Senka lasted for three years.
Warren had recently graduated from John F. Kennedy High School and had applied to college recently before his death.
实体的实例对这个实体关联的特性不可给与多于一个的值，这个规则被称为不重复（no-repeat）规则。
He composed a lot more music.
击球变得非常艰难，只有在这天30轮以后击球手才有望适应条件。
Hiding one's actions from another is a form of deception.
The next day, Webby and some animals find an opal mine and discover that the Manager is responsible.
So, transit systems allow employers to pay the system directly and to distribute the passes to employees.
三天后，委员会拆除了脚手架，露出了艺术品。
The player steps into the role of an "adventurer".
An Australian & New Zealand Champion.
”，他评价“如果僅僅限於中國的範圍內，從中國歷史的角度評價毛澤東，他無疑是到目前為止最成功的一個人。
However on 28 August 2012, the Hitman Facebook page confirmed that Bateson will once again be voicing 47. Brand Director Jon Brooke said his absence made them realise they wanted him.
He is the owner of the Schwarz-Gruppe.
Beth, it is difficult to convince Art, Beth's police partner, that everything is fine.
Over the years, the location(s) of Tornado Alley have not been clearly defined.
Bobby does not know what Family Guy is.
William Burnham, Introduction to the Law and Legal System of the United States, 4th ed. (St. Paul, MN: Thomson West, 2006), p. 41. However, the scope of federal preemption is limited because the scope of federal power is not universal.
The people who are in the 5% are there for many reasons.
There are many different types of tires.
KATUSA soldiers are under the command of both the South Korean Department of Defense and the U.S. Department of Defense.
The white-headed Capuchin has a long life span.
In 2016, a video was made about Wenjack's life.
It is not in the DEX.
The movie was a great success.
最後，一眾演藝界人士合唱《承諾》，作為「512關愛行動」義演的尾聲。
Ocean currents can be found on the water surface and deeper down.
All the blocks of the quarters were then deemed unsafe for residence.
There are six worlds and a final boss battle on Gangplank Galleon sometimes referred to as a world.
This area has extremely cold and dry winters; however the summers are warmer and more humid.
The Bdelloids, who have no males, contract into an inert form and lose almost all body water, a process known as cryptobiosis.
From 1999 to 2013 he was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
There are several different kinds of carom games, too; they are different mostly because of how many cushions must be hit.
The Pike Place Fish Market is best known for their habit of hurling customers' orders across the shopping area.
Regarding Robinson's qualities on the field, Leo Durocher said, "Ya want a guy that comes to play.
In 1878 he became Minister of Customs.
觀測資料還顯示有第二顆周期130日的行星存在，但當時並未確認 。
This job was very difficult because technology was simple at that time.
Two years later he return in Lokomotiv and played two years, before signed with Botev Plovdiv in summer 1994.
纈草屬（学名：Valeriana）
Classically, puteals were made of carved stone, or marble in Europe.
Madara manage sever his connection to Kabuto, killing most of the ninja forces.
本赛季冈崎出战联赛31场并收获13个进球。
Batista eliminated Cena afterwards to win the match.
He has written 10 screenplays and directed 5 films.
Studies show that groups of Silky sharks contain Silky sharks of different genders, but of the same size.
He was President of the Committee for the Struggle for Respect for Indigenous Peoples of the Condorcanqui.
In 2006 the population was 138.
對此，查理五世命令名將貝特朗·杜·蓋克蘭解放塞納河地區。
In 2013, they released an acoustic album.
总人口18349（2001年）。
She has two brothers; Bryan and Timothy.
如果国家调整列名原材料的退税率，列名原材料应当自调整之日起按调整后的退税率执行。
No. 04, season 17. "Treehouse of Horror XVII".
He is a lobbyist for oil/gas/coal interests, having received over $54,000 from them since 2012.
M42'nin sonraki sürümlerinde çift uzunlukta bir emme manifoldu ("DISA") bulunur.
中式院落布局，主教座堂的正立面则采用罗马风风格的半圆形拱券和科林斯柱式。1996年4月23日区人民政府列为文物保护单位，2003年又加固维修，2007年6月1日公佈為四川省第七批文物保護單位 「四川省人民政府關於公布第七批省級文物保護單位的通知」，川府函【2007】114號，2007年6月1日 。2013年3月5日列為第七批全國重點文物保護單位 『國務院關於核定並公布第七批全國重點文物保護單位的通知』，國發〔2013〕13號，2013年3月5日 。
The National Transportation Regulatory Commission demanded that Fepsa "refrain from carrying out any operation that is not authorized by the competent authority to change all or part of the bridge."
The college's principal is always a priest of the Congregation of Holy Cross.
The most notable thing about its body is a hole in its head that holds the kappa's strength giving water.
Michael Moriarty (born April 5, 1941) is an American-Canadian stage and screen actor and a jazz musician.
On July 19, 2020, an anti-
The resulting sore can be extremely distressing to the animal.
Opah flesh has a light pink-to-orange color.
Mohnke was noted to be one of the last commanders to act upon orders issued by Hitler himself prior to his suicide.
Historical records called Bahrain the "Life of Eternity", "Paradise", the "Pearl of the Persian Gulf" and other names.
However, he says to Grimes that he should not get another apprentice.
Likes to fight, but on condition that he wins.
On high-end disc-detainer locks (such as Abloy), there are usually "false" notches on the disc as well.
Nearly all species in the class are terrestrial (although a few are aquatic).
，极大地削弱了当地罗马帝国的权力基础。
Because of this, that group's interests and views may be covered more on Wikipedia.
He studied at Taisey Middle School and Meiji University.
It is also the first title in the Game & Watch Gallery series to credit TOSE as a co-developer, after the company had gone uncredited in the previous installments.
In 1986, Portugal and China began talks on how to bring control of Macau back to China peacefully, and in 1999, Macau became an SAR in the PRC.
Maç başına gol ortalaması 2,7 olarak belirlendi.
He retired on 5 February 2009.
四点金构筑有多种变化，其他形式的构筑也可认为是在四点金基础上变化的 : 23 ，以四点金为基本形式也可以组合出多种平面形式。
The Pedernales province is in the southwest of the country.
The President receives (greets and hosts) all foreign Ambassadors.
He was elected club president on 1 July 1978.
托勒密统治者将商业和创收行业作为发展首选，
Curtis Kasım ayında ilk görünüşünü gerçekleştirdi ve David Heath’a mağlup oldu.
They live in the Chittagong division of south-eastern Bangladesh.
It is influenced by the juxtaposition (placing together) of one color with another.
ATA's attempt at integrating TCQ was constrained by the requirement that ATA host bus adapters use ISA bus device protocols to interact with the operating system.
中心作为全国急救人员培训中心，开设急救医学、危重病急救及初级救生等课程，著有《实用急救学》、《院前医疗急救》等培训教材。
Displacement of air by the explosion creates a blast wind that can throw victims against solid objects.
语法化通常会经历以下的几个过程。
此后10年他巩固权力，九年（1670年）
They thought it would reduce unreported employment.
It is the only remaining astronomical clock from the Joseon Dynasty.
Another example of using wrong ideas about evolution to support bad things is "
Wells that were thought to have water that would cure people were called "treacle wells".
It requested the public to take precautions before the possible coming of rain, intense winds and storm surges in the south and southwestern coasts of Mexico.
It has a Norman font, a stone pulpit dating from the 15th century, and a peal of eight bells.
It helps to lessen the dry skin and rashes that come with eczema.
同年4月17日，義久、義弘親率二萬人的精銳部隊，
Other infections and wounds can be dripped with thyme.
一共分为8卷，分别是8个男主人公的女装故事。
A high dome looks good from the outside, but a lower dome looks better from the inside.
He is survived by his wife Beverly Schmidt and his two children.
It opened in late 2014.
Punk was traded back to Raw when he was swapped with Edge.
董文標（1957年6月 － ），男，
It was replaced in 1975.
飞机跳伞则多采用透气材料和弹力伞绳。
暖通空調（heating, ventilation and air conditioning，簡稱HVAC）
The impact of obsessive–compulsive personality disorder on the suicidal risk of patients with mood disorders.
It was released to positive reviews on December 26, 1973.
He was buried in an unmarked grave on the edge of the Benalla cemetery.
Patrick Mayrhofer and Reinhold Schett are both scheduled to start.
Although the group manages to rescue the kidnapped employees, the facility is flooded during combat, which traps the team until Curry rescues them, having decided to join them after Steppenwolf's attack on Atlantis.
The New Revolution is the world's first modern roller coaster to feature a vertical loop and has been recognized for that accomplishment by American Coaster Enthusiasts (ACE), who awarded the roller coaster its Coaster Landmark status.
They finished the recording, and had intercourse as the sun rose that morning.
Madden still has a part in Madden 09 as the person describing instructions to the Madden IQ.
Actual photograph confiscated as evidence.
葛蘭茨在《巨人的碰撞》中提出在8月26日至9月30日（切爾尼戈夫-波爾塔瓦行動）的總損失為428,000人（103,000人陣亡）和從9月26日和12月20日的總損失為754,000人（173,000人陣亡）。
Most of Selena's songs were written by her brother Quintanilla III.
据记者调查发现，搜索引擎有的公然将正规医院名称售卖给他人，为“高仿”冒牌医院“揽客”；有的表面在PC端下架了医疗广告，转眼却在移动端中将广告置顶，以精准算法推送。
When her mother went to register her, she misspelt the name.
Music for the waltz should be in 3/4 time, and played at 29 to 34 bars per minute.
There are a large number of Christian churches in the city for its size.
Bu etki öylesine büyük olur ki, bunu takip eden zamanda Tekla günlerce evinden çıkmaz.
安戈洛墜姆是中土大陸最高的山峰，
It also means to have one's guard down, open to censure or criticism; assailable.
她的外貌符合當時的審美觀，是個受人矚目、擁有吸引力的金髮女子。
When Sony released its Betamax machines in Japan in 1975, it pressured the MITI to support Sony even more.
Lamarya kültü, Hristiyanlık öncesi dönemde annelik ve doğurganlık tanrıçasıydı.
New York Valisi Andrew M. Cuomo, 5 Nisan 2013'te Yargıç Theodore T. Jones'un ölümüyle boşalan New York Temyiz Mahkemesi üyeliğine aday gösterildi.
Deepan was a secular book publisher who printed writing that discussed topics like atheism and sexual orientation.
The classical Tamil literature records details about the carnatic music.
A vertical red and white pattern is against the flagstaff.
Oson was his landlord during 1729.
Children未成名時期最傑出的專輯，專輯中的《想擁抱你》、《想要變成一顆小星星》等歌曲都是Mr.
The began in 2009.
It is awarded each year with the other Nobel prizes.
』問：誰作此說，答：是舊阿毘達磨者說。
They criticized the way Stowe wrote about the characters' looks, speech, behavior, and the passive nature of Uncle Tom.
Its chemical formula is CdTe.
球隊於2005年及2006年打入夏季甲子園，2007年春季亦入選春季甲子園。
It has opened Franklins Family Supermarkets in 2006, independently franchise shops of both Franklins and Pick n Pay.
郭小川的诗歌立意深刻，他对诗的格式进行过各种尝试，曾创作了楼梯式、自由体、新辞赋体等，具有鲜明的时代光彩，被称为政治抒情诗，朗朗上口，韵味十足。
There are many activities such as Putonghua Day, Tongue-Twisters, Putonghua Class, Singing Contest, Putonghua Broadcast and Putonghua Corner.
These professionals were considered gentlemen athletes, just as the amateurs.
Transactions of the Royal Society of South Australia.
The takeover came after BMW's relationship with Williams had deteriorated in the previous months, the partnership ending at the end of the 2005 season.
In 1985, she was made a People's Artist of the USSR.
Nokia Corporation built it.
Bon Jovi's second album 7800° Fahrenheit (1985) had also only moderate success.
不能满足这类需要，就会使他们感到沮丧。
Courbet painted a large picture of everday-life at Ornans.
In the arrondissement of Apt, only the Cheval-Blanc canton does not has all its communes in the arrondissement.
Norwegians choose the people in the assembly every 4 years.
Horace was founded in 1882.
First named Saxe-Mölln, however, renamed after reorganising territory, including parts of Albert III's share in 1321.
校園文化中，學生也常在鞋櫃進行各種活動如：
哥伦比亚是州立公共电视和广播电台的总部所在地。
With the ban the opium was reduced to 185 metric tons.
Flight path flown (red).
。2011年7月24日，BS模拟卫星电视停播 谢丰奕.
康格里夫火箭的尖头，展出在巴黎海军博物馆。
鄉道苗2-3線（新珊路、信德路）是寶斗仁至珊珠湖的道路，也是昔日跨縣鄉道竹苗47線的苗栗縣境內路段。
It is near the city of Lipljan.
In this style of painting, the painter paints on a piece of cloth.
但在自己的部下臨終前，毫不猶豫的握住其沾滿血的手並答應會消滅世界上所有巨人。
On September 3, 2007, Fossett went missing while flying a light aircraft over the Great Basin Desert.
CEM was established in 1972 in Portuguese Macau.
Goals can only be scored when the ball is in the shooting circle.
A brown big-eyed tree frog.
省会设在南京（1912年到1929年）
此时，爱德华八世公开回应“澳大利亚没有多少人口，所以他们的观点并不重要”。
It is also a rail gateway for London Midland services to/from Greater London, West Midlands and the North West.
On November 23, 1887, he married Mary Augusta Hickey (1857-1923), daughter of James Hickey and Margaret Martha Field.
Between 1971 to 1976, he played for the National Football League.
The painter must first prepare the surface so it is smooth, clean and dry.
Among the Bantu Kavirondo the mother of twins must remain in her hut for seven days; among the Nilotic Kavirondo the parents and the infants must stay in the hut for a whole month.
This was because the docks were becoming much more used.
She was the student vice president of her senior class.
，除了明宮嘉仁親王以外的3人，皆以皇太子身分舉行了立太子之禮。
兩百塊，本名王萬利（1960年 － ），
Howe thought the book was very good and that André was very intelligent.
Although Omiya was relegated to J2 end of 2014 season, returned to J1 in a year.
Their builders repaired the buildings and fortifications, and they built a large new tower.
致力于提高农业生产力、加强粮食安全、提高农村居民的生活水准。
，不需攪拌兩者會自然混和 citation ，
She had the biggest concert in Romania for a Romanian person since 2005, in May 2011.
The time signature of the song is in 6/4.
However, the disc is tilted with the side closest to the body highest, which causes the disc to curve away from the thrower (-out).
Westland is the only part of the world that contains no magic.
彭楚粵的個人畢業演唱會，從洽談贊助、策劃、編排、舞蹈、服裝等，親力親為以兩個月時間籌備，亦是其人生中第一場演唱會。
The Adhyatma-ramayana thus was added to this Purana later, and it is an important document to the Rama-related tradition within Hinduism.
第六卷中，使用“崩力”时力量暴走，后来身上的“咒力”被回收，魔力重新恢复，並在後來取得了咒力淨化後的力量「冥力」，以及魔力與冥力合而為一而產生的「絕力」，同時能施展突破絕力極限的「超限狀態」，缺點是使用後一段時間內會因為冥力耗盡而暫時無法使用絕力。
因南广场邻近合肥绕城高速公路，绕城高速将会南移并下穿南广场。
Bunların merkezi olan Taşcılar(Fotkene)’nin geçmişi kimi kalıntılara dayanılarak 1650-1700 yıllarına kadar uzandığı söylenebilir.
His last marriage was to Marchell Doreen Williams from 2005 until his death in 2013.
Father Angelo was extremely devoted to Bishop Giacomo until his death in 1914.
The name of the skeleton is Leanderthal Lady.
God determined the destiny of the universe throughout all of time and space.
A learner reaches a level on the scale when she or he can correctly perform 50% of the can-do tasks at that level.
As they wear away at the front, new molars emerge in the back of the mouth and gradually replace the old ones.
In order to use the hi speed transfer rate, the USB controller and the connected device both need to support it.
A spray can is a artistic tool used by writers on the walls in cities like Philadelphia or New York in 1970.
This paints a picture of small-sized mammals being already quite successful and diversified in the Jurassic and early Cretaceous.
It does not allow liquids to spill easily.
The number of Zaza speakers is not known exactly.
She continued to perform live in the more recent years also, in Las Vegas in 2004, San Francisco in 2007 and Manila in 2008.
Psychological well-being (PWB) is how well a person's mind functions overall.
Contact convection starts near the terrain.
's work was rediscovered.
", only one writer was credited as having written a Treehouse of Horror episode, and the trend has continued since.
」的來電，這名「佐治·韋亞」說道迪亞是他的表親，
STS-1 was the first of two missions with a painted external tank.
Stopping the jam early keeps the other team from having time to score points.
An Earthship does not require external support to sustain itself.
As the rainfall and temperature changes, they change.
To the unknown voice, by Kandinsky 1915.
In the 16th Century Renaissance, lawns were deliberately cultivated by the wealthy in both France and England, though they were more likely planted with chamomile or thyme than with grass.
He published Ziarah Tanah Jawa ("Pilgrimage to the Land of Java"), a collection of poems written between 2006 and 2012, in 2013.
山东广播电视分为无线广播、有线广播、电视广播。1933年5月，首个无线广播电台在济南建成播音，定名为山东省会广播电台。1950年10月27日，山东人民广播电台正式向全省播音。1955年， 部分县市开始建立有线广播站。
Passenger services on the heritage line were operated throughout 2006 and 2007 by a Class 117 diesel multiple unit.
University Press of Florida, 2008.
In the years that he served Sparta, Alcibiades played a role in Athens' undoing; the capture of Decelea and the revolts of several critical Athenian subjects occurred either at his suggestion or under his supervision.
The children's play "This is My Tale", which was written in 1994, was staged by the Mediterranean Cultures Foundation.
In Atlanta, someone attacked CNN headquarters.
The people are older, well-educated, and have high incomes.
Her work continues to focus on recognizing nobility, honor and respect in those often overlooked by society.
He is the founder of the real estate company Lerner Enterprises, the largest private landowner in the Washington metropolitan area as well as Chelsea Piers in New York City.
Jagadguru Sri Jayendra Saraswathi Shankaracharya (born Subramanyam Mahadeva ; 18 July 1935 28 February 2018) was an Indian guru.
But when the Tooth Fairy spots this, she breaks up with Jorgen immediately.
The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, most commonly referred to as the stimulus bill or stimulus package, was a spending bill passed by the U.S. Congress in 2009.
Muhtemelen Arapça ve Süryanice’ye hakim olmasına rağmen, eserlerini Yunanca yazmıştır.
Takalik Abaj was inhabited for almost two thousand years.
These are the only "axioms" in LoF.
Oyuncuların ve yayımcıların motivasyonunu yüksek tutmak amacıyla Remember Me için ön görülen beş yıllık geliştirme süresi kısaltılarak oyunun iki buçuk veya üç yıl için de hazır olacağı açıklandı.
，除了經由戶外通道與高鐵車站一樓連接外，另設有專用通道和閘門與高鐵車站地下一樓連接，
It is not as strong an oxidizing agent as other cobalt(III) compounds.
It is hosted by Anne-Marie Green.
In 1875, Alger's stories about street boys were growing stale.
荷兰人从闽南语中借来“茶”（“thee”）一词，荷兰人随后将此發音引入其他欧洲语言，
，LibreOffice Draw對於SVG的匯入及匯出已變得日益重要。
The Globe and Mail.
In 2004 they won the Copa Libertadores de América, the main South American football competition.
During the Long Depression (1873–1879), he didn't have a job.
It is important to use clean needles to inject.
She joined the Pussycat Dolls in 2003.
行銷服務處代處長、行銷規劃處副處長、客運處副處長及台灣地區行銷副總經理，
The men and women sing an ensemble in which they describe the plot they have made to tease Falstaff.
In 2012, 206 people lived there.
利奥波德被视作美国的野生生物管理之父和一名终身的渔夫和猎人，對於當今環境倫理學的發展及荒野保護運動有著很深的影響力，認為瞭解生物多樣性及生態是野生動物管理的基礎，此外於晚年著作《
At his death lots of people thought that he had drunk himself to death.
University genişleme paketi yüklüyse genç Sim'ler üniversiteye gidebilir, burada 24 gün içerisinde yetişkin olabilirler.
同样，滤镜架亦是特制的，但由于前组镜片过大所以不能使用CPL。
Do not create empty surrounding categories for the sole purpose of removing this category.
黄明贤原名詹大胜，于清咸丰二年（1852年）
He released his second album All The Lost Souls, in 2007.
Neelu Vaghela, Ashok Lokhande, and Kanika Maheshwari reprise their roles from that series.
So even though Morrell may not be the source of this and other false items in his work, he certainly knew about them.
Bearded Collies have an average weight of convert.
Many of its peaks have a height of more than convert.
Jews in Islamic countries in the Middle Ages, By Moshe Gil, David Strassler, Page 428.
Collins started her writing career in 1991.
US-400 and US-54 start going together at Mullinville.
Ten years later, Goku meets and trains Boo's human reincarnation Oob, to have him becoming the world's protector.
After fixation a tissue may be cut into thin slices, and put on a series of glass microscope slides.
A small gift is usually wrapped in wrapping paper while a big gift is most likely to be just given to the receiver or in a box without wrapping.
The electric current that arises in the simplest textbook situations would be classified as "free current."
Yokutkhon Kholbekova went to a World Cup event in January 2018.
At the beginning of the 15th century, this charter was reconfirmed during the foundation of the Mairie or town government.
Neighbors and officials had described Dykes as a survivalist with "anti-government" views.
Her full son Arshad Zakaria citation runs a hedge fund.
It was created in 1758.
，擔任先發第三棒一壘手，並在一局下對崔原態擊出右外野方向一壘安打，為韓職首安。
Neptunium is a silvery- metallic element and is radioactive.
A Day Without Rain eleştirmenlerden farklı yorumlar aldı.
Alberto Ongaro (22 August 1925 – 23 March 2018), also known by his pseudonym Alfredo Nogara, was an Italian journalist, writer and comics writer.
Sometimes, Lithuanian symbols replace the numbers.
Many of their relatives succeeded in other walks of life.
It helped to raise money to complete the new General Hospital on Summer Lane.
In the past, the door was the entrance to two homes.
蕭祭酒亦許其文必在甲第，竟以國子生選平定知州。
Ten old women tell the tales over five days.
除第五界別外 ，港區全國人大代表和港區全國政協委員可在其有密切聯繫的選委會其他界別分組登記為委員。
The polygons on the perimeter of these projections are regular skew decagons.
Notice how they all branch off of the aorta.
Barry Moore took over from Martha Roby who retired in 2020.
He was put on life support, but died from "sudden cardiac failure" on August 4. Hughes, Rob.
One million women get tubo-ovarian abscess every year.
列侬最先完成了这首歌曲的初始版本，但麦卡特尼促成了这首歌曲的最终版本。
Çeliktepe Jandarma Karakolu, bu baskından sonra Küpeli Nejla'nın ve arkadaşları Bakır ve Miro'nun adamlarına karşı ölümüne bir savaşa girerler.
Al-Shabaab controls parts of southern Somalia.
The Mummy was seen by people for the first time on May 7, 1999.
Swan Lake is the largest body of water at the zoo, giving a home to native waterfowl of Cincinnati.
With copyright, a work can only be copied if the owner gives permission.
V382 Carinae is 316,000 times brighter than the Sun.
It was a Junction between Bahawalnagar and Bhatinda at distance of 113 miles, now linking branch lines Amrooka and Fortabbas.
德語字 Au 指河邊有樹的平地。
The original format features a team of six contestants who take turns answering general knowledge questions.
Amersfoort (2005), p. 360 in At least two Panzerkampfwagen IIs were destroyed and three tanks heavily damaged.
The number of candidates willing to become deputies was 8945.
Advanced Organic Chemistry Part A Structure and Mechanisms (2nd ed.).
The park was designated as a national monument in 1933 and a national park in 1994.
Grammy Award-winning composers began writing songs for her to record.
His film appearances include all three of the Bridget Jones films.
They learn that they are reinforcing because they are paired with other things that are known to be reinforcing.
The feminine form of "Lam Lai" is "Lam Leima".
The chef who is eliminated has to give back the money that they have.
Towns are listed in bold.
In 1936, Quill said that “the Irish Labour Movement has its own road to travel and had no place for the cries of Fascism or Communism that plagued the world today.”
’un heykeli bulunan zafer takının iki yanında I. Theodosius’un oğulları Arcadius ve Honorarius’un heykelleri bulunurdu.
David Crouch, The Normans: The History of a Dynasty (London: Hambledon Continuum Press, 2007), p. 82 He was taken captive by the men of Guy I and held for ransom at the castle of Beaurain.
As a center of the regional economy, Kaskaskia was the capital of Illinois Territory from 1809 until Illinois became a state in 1818.
The race saw both dry and wet weather conditions.
，他们在华沙的咖啡馆一起演出。
The Telangana Chief Minister ordered a fast-track court to try the accused for their alleged crimes.
The outer Seremban areas come under jurisdiction of Nilai Municipal Council (MPN).
What kind of drugs are abused?
In 75% of cases, the parainfluenza virus, mainly types 1 and 2, causes croup.
Map of the main divisions of the Carpathians.
‘Family, Kinship and Marriage’: An Introduction to Social Anthropology.
Bu durum oyunda,oyuncuların birbirini sevmeyen grupları farkla mekanlara yaşamalarını sağlayarak giderilebilir.
The OHA made a deal with the QMJHL and gave them the Junior Canadiens while creating a new team in a different city to keep an OHA team with the same name.
As a child, Tarzan makes friends with several animals and other gorillas in the family.
The seven islands of Bombay are a group of islands very close to each other.
He become well-known on the kurdish music scene after he sang for more than 200.000 people in Batman, south Turkey, in 2003.
You might imagine that it would be easy to get both the exact position of something and its exact mass, path, and speed at the same time.
日軍一○三旅團則進佔祖師廟，沿葉商公路佈防。
In September 2014, they released a new single, called "Centuries".
When the war was over, Horace returned to Italy to find that other people were living in his apartment.
The symptoms of AvPD are much more serious than ordinary shyness.
In 30 Novmber 1911 Mongol and Russian soldiers surrounded Kulun (Ulanbatar).
The signs in question are called "speech acts".
该乡辖有：山卡村、鸟山村、西泉村、上横村、下横村、上街村、上庄村、东边村、下街村、西边村、浦洋村、白浦岙村、大礼村、大礼岙村、
，生长于海拔4,300米至4,370米的地区，常生长在山坡草地，目前尚未由人工引种栽培。
He was born in Rastan, French Mandate of Syria.
The population was 15,212 at the 2010 census.
In 2011 there were 10315 people living in Mildenhall.
The word pentacle originally meant 'any symbol that protects against evil spirits'.
It has been established in 1905.
The doll has a very simple shape;only the head of the globe and the body of the column.
Proponents believe instant runoff voting allows them to vote for their first choice candidate and still help the lessor of evils if the first choice is eliminated.
Once the Confederates were driven from New Mexico, Carson's commander Major James Henry Carleton, turned his attention to the Native Americans.
香山革命纪念馆在设计和施工中坚持了绿色、节俭的理念，注重对香山历史文化环境的传承和保护。
He named this his "golden theorem".
He explains to Liza that he had to get things straightened out with the embassy.
It is believed that they allowed 36 payments of $9,000 in connection with a contract between Hills and the Guam Superior Court.
Hyde said the Presidential oath of office in Irish.
陈创（1974年12月19日 － ），
On July 7, 1863, Meade was promoted to brigadier general in the regular army.
At first the party put forward its own candidates.
Slight differences in the method of budding produce great variations in the form of the colonies.
Gilgit Baltistan historically belonged to the erstwhile princely state of Jammu and Kashmir.
The two men were soon good friends.
北山文化被認為是華麗而且有貴族性的；東山文化發生在應仁之亂後。
God told them to establish a new religion that would commence the third era of religious amesty.
A dromaeosaur from the Maastrichtian of James Ross Island and the Late Cretaceous Antarctic dinosaur fauna.
Disney Channel approved the show in mid-November 2010. citation Production began in early 2011. citation The first promo was released during the premiere of Lemonade Mouth.
However, his theories were also widely criticized by colleagues.
People have criticised RST for being too simple.
Rose、Jacques Rose和Francis Simard。
He had conducted the LA Phil several times.
Their family was called O'Neill Clannaboy.
Eureka Municipal Airport is a city-owned, public-use airport.
These next two sections will talk about the bicameral state legislatures (the ones with two different parts (unlike Nebraska).
別稱今濱城（いまはまじょう）。
Disciplines require training and qualification.
The fifth Doctor met the tenth incarnation in mini-episode named "Time Crash".
表面上讨厌游马，其实是希望他能够自我做主。
In the east there are the Argo-Saronic Islands and in the west there are the Ionian Islands.
Large silt loads are also carried out to sea, some of the silt being deposited as a nutrient rich layer on the sea floor, contributing to the muddy waters that characterise Kakadu’s coastline.
Three months after Sans' birth, Susie was killed by a car.
Babası Trabzon valiliği yapmış Kadri Paşa (1843-1902)'dır.
A disc tilted leading-edge up will lose speed at the end of the throw and make a gentle landing; if tilted sideways (known in aeronautics terms as roll), it can curve around objects.
", which was also released by Telemundo in July, featured home videos of Selena.
It stayed unknown to the world until it was rediscovered in 1812 by Johann Ludwig Burckhardt.
You can choose from over hundred different characters with different abilities.
" and announced that she was working on a new album.
He was almost blind by middle age.
Jeff Chandler, ilk başta erkek yıldız olarak açıklandı.
However, the Christians did not tear down the mosques.
Fans of Techno music are careful in their use of the word.
These sharks live very deep in the water (down to 6,500 feet) but they migrate up to about 650 feet at night, to hunt.
As his widow, she inherited a controlling stake in Clarín, Argentina's most widely circulated newspaper since 1965.
Malcolm had to give his son Malcolm as a hostage but this made him a vassal of the English king.
房屋外侧均有外廊转通。 citation 1999年，云南省文化厅与云南大学共同出资重修。
Af dolayısıyla hapisten çıktığında Tula Bölgesine dönecek ve önceden üyesi olduğu kolektif çiftliğe gidecek ve sendikasına dönecektir.
直接教學法採取五至十人的小班制。
但事實上，自從《君主論》的手稿首次面世以來，關於他的著作的爭議就不斷的增加。
As of 2016, 4,210 people lived there.
He also played Luke in Stagecoach (1966).
Diffuse axonal injury (often shortened to DAI) is one of the most common forms of traumatic brain injury.
The princess gives him 10 kisses for it.
He was married to Dina Shea from 1948 until they divorced in 1971.
Vision ve Darcy'nin evine dönüş yolculuğu bir kavşak noktasında sürekli olarak kesintiye uğrar ve Vision, Wanda'nın onun eve gelmesini engellediğini varsaymasına neden olur.
This was Christopher Nolan's first movie.
It is filled with rich history.
He refused to be knighted in the order of Santiago, saying ''Painting needs no honors, it can give them to the whole world".
The Khalistan movement is a Sikh separatist movement seeking to create a homeland for Sikhs by establishing a sovereign state, called Khālistān ('Land of the Khalsa'), in the Punjab region.
For its design, architect Ernest A. Grunsfeld, Jr. was awarded the gold medal of the Chicago chapter of the American Institute of Architects in 1931.
Between mid-October and early November the Lecompton Constitution was drafted.
At first they were tolerated by the park rangers.
，以此要挟甄志丙交出掌教之位。
微软称，根据实际测试，在相同的流量下，使用Data Sense的Windows Phone 8手机可以多浏览45%的网页内容。
It is in the Florida county of Franklin.
Buster Crabbe grew up in Hawaii.
It cannot take away its advice and consent once the person gets the job.
由良車站的月台為側式、島式各一的2面3線地面月台。
另外，有警員向記者表示，現場正進行掃蕩，要求記者後退及離開現場，並大叫：「記者一直向後退！
He was also the host of the television series Teen Town and Swingin' Time.
Sa Paper (กระดาษสา) is a fine product made from a type of soft wood.
The same is true for two positive charges.
超過2.6TB的資料載明了140個政治人物相關的離岸公司。
》作註解，寫作成《千金方釋義》30卷。
He received the Guinness World Record for having more than 200,000 people buying a limited edition of 20,000 copies of a magazine cover in a second.
He was last married to Linda J. Kentwood in 1988.
This condition may sometimes create physical troubles.
Both general managers received five random picks.
Bored by the job, she joined the Auxiliary Territorial Service (ATS) on 11 September 1941.
Endospores are highly dangerous bio-terrorist weapons.
A number of 'no knead' methods are available for sourdough bread.
The industrialists built attractive villas in the area, such as the «Rotes Haus» built in 1750.
有國民黨立委一度質疑民進黨參與邀請動機，
當初水木茂創作鬼太郎時，也有從他哥哥的兒子上獲取一些靈感。
A second dose is needed in 16 to 35% of cases.
It has been cut in half.
愛德華早亡，而他的繼承人愛德華五世才12歲。
After a severe injury of his left knee in 1991, he quit playing pro football.
Çok büyük bir başarı yakalamış ve birçok kere sahnelenmiştir.
This river is about 72 km in length, flowing 32 km in the Urban part and the rest in rural part.
The Portuguese refused to give it to the country, and so India had to use force and the Portuguese were defeated.
開初於鳳凰城聯合高中校園裡一間大樓後方的一間房子運作，並只有一名教師教導該部門的學生。
He also wrote plays and some important essays about literature.
Liu Xiaobo works to increase human rights.
Montreal and Toronto professional soccer teams have competed against each other for over 40 years.
Madison wanted to protect against Congresspeople being able to give themselves raises whenever they wanted to, while they were in the middle of their terms and the people could not vote them out.
He also won the election in November.
They have a description of the wanted man.
It tells of the brave uprising of the Araucanians and also tells the history of Chile and of contemporary Spain.
宋馬端臨《文獻通考》卷一一四《王禮考》：“皇祐元年.
This convention developed many Service Regulations to be added to the main agreement, which was signed on November 3, 1906, and became effective on July 1, 1908.
The place was considered so treacherous that it was used by the kings of Rewa State, who ruled the area till 1947, as an open air prison for detaining errant civilians and officers.
CTF is transmitted to humans most commonly by the bite of an infected adult wood tick, and while there is no evidence of natural person-to-person transmission, rare cases of transmission by blood transfusion have been reported.
如果是行為危險，例如第328條第3項的強盜致死罪，就是規範強盜行為危險的類型，所以只要行為與結果具備特別危險關聯，則加重結果就會基礎構成要件行為間具備因果關係。
There are several languages for this; the best known is called DTD.
不過，最後卻獲得了對力量的認同而得到了No.
在這一年，史崔斯伯格總共有13場的先發，這裡面投出4次的完投 citation ，在4月11日對猶他大學的比賽中，他投出23次的三振 citation 。2009年，史崔斯伯格在109局投球局數中投出13勝1敗、1.32防禦率和195次的三振、被擊出59支安打和16分自責失分 citation 。
He plays for Albirex Niigata Singapore.
It was used during the pre-
虽然有人认为这些漏洞是为了操纵股票披露的 citation citation ，CTS实验室所声称的风险仍有争议，但独立安全专家证实了漏洞的存在 。
's Đồng Khánh Girl's High School, which opened in 1917, was widely praised for the ao dai uniform worn by its students.
There are only 20 spots available in a Rugby World Cup, so teams must compete for them in a qualifying competition.
In "Mask au Gratin," it's revealed that Mrs. Peenman has a niece who works as an archaeologist.
The nearest railway station to Anchalummodu is Perinad railway station which is about 2.5 km from the town.
He felt that the place had a spiritual aura and thus spent months sculpting Lord Hanuman, beginning with a sketch.
Avrupa turnesinde korosunda yer aldı.
回敘中，洛克在澳洲和一位漫遊團主席説話。
Many people did not like modern architecture because it had too many box-like shapes and people did not think it was pretty.
习明泽（1992年6月 － ），小名木子 citation ，
若煤炭發電廠用的煤是從高鍺濃度的礦床來的話，那麼發電廠的飛灰（fly ash）也是鍺的一個來源。
Auburn was firstly official mentioned on February 2, 1839.
Kern wrote only the music.
Ouspensky'nin en önde gelen öğrencilerinin - bilhassa editör Alfred Richard Orage.
They then use protection rackets and tax local businesses of all kinds.
Schell's career began in 1955.
Pius V is credited as the first pope to wear white robes; and since his papacy, white clothing has become traditional.
Another part of the stadium is the Jackie Robinson Rotunda.
Most legislative power is concentrated in the House of Commons.
The area around Blaenavon shows of the importance of South Wales as the world's major producer of iron and coal in the 19th century.
The head can be about convert long, and is about one-third of the whale's body.
Wario wears purple overalls with a yellow shirt, and green, pointed shoes.
He had ridden a friend's horse into Greta.
In 2001, it became the first car to receive 5 stars in the Euro NCAP crash testing, making it one the safest models at the time.
The movie was based on a book of the same name by James M. Cain.
Quakers seek religious truth in their inner experiences.
Some characteristics are common to most styles of African American music.
深愛著父親和家族，不惜犧牲自己的父親，以自己的方式守衛著家族。
In January 2014, 2,689 people lived there.
He even summoned the Parliament of 1265, known as de Montfort's Parliament.
S.'s 100 Sexiest Women list.
Soul shot to stardom in 1975 as star of the detective series Starsky and Hutch.
据2016年统计，该市镇的人口为840人。
車站原本計劃命名為伏爾加格勒，但車站啟用前的2016年8月已經改名 citation 。
It left a profound mark on American history and changed airport security.
It is just a description on how it is set up.
The reviews of it were mostly positive.
However, his increasing womanising and reckless behaviour during the 1920s and 1930s worried Prime Minister Baldwin and his hard working, strict father King George V. Edward was also uninterested with royal duties and disliked the British establishment.
The Sinai has been under the rule by Egyptian governments, including the Ayyubids, the Mamluks, the Muhammad Ali Dynasty, and the modern Egyptian republic.
At first, Alonso had set the fastest time, but he received a five-place grid penalty for blocking Hamilton in the pit lane; an action that prevented Hamilton from running his final qualifying lap.
In England and Wales, people adopted after 1975 may easily read parts of their adoption records.
The head of the Supreme Court is called the President of the Supreme Court.
People have grown orchids for a 5 number of years.
退休後，克萊因便開始經營酒吧。
县境东西最长61公里，南北最宽52公里，国土面积1968平方公里，折合295.
He published The Saga of King Heidrek the Wise.
Bu anlayışta, gerçekler doğru zamanda, doğru yerde saf bir düşünceyle söyleniyorsa iyi bir davranış sergilenmiş olur.
但不论任何，中国方面没有建造基于该设计的航母。
这意味着300名议员中只要有200名议员投支持，弹劾案通过。
In 893 Charles was finally crowned by part of the nobility who were opposed to Odo.
元親便以此為大義名分，出兵攻打安藝氏。
Touching them is not harmful to humans.
'a tek yönlü bir yolculuk yapmayı istedi.
The CPE is the most difficult exam.
Aw), tempered by the low latitude and moderate elevation, with warm to hot weather year-round, though nighttime conditions during the dry season can be cool and are much lower than daytime highs.
，哀侯同死，但此说是将聂政刺韩傀与韩严刺哀侯混为一谈了。
It is about introducing people, romance and various family matters.
A critical care tower at Wesley Medical Center also opened in 2004. citation In July 2010, Via Christi Health, which is the largest provider of healthcare services in Kansas, opened a hospital that will serve the northwest area of Wichita.
The state capital city is Maturín.
The face of a clock looks the same if 12 hours have passed.
He was an able administrator and his reign is considered one of the high points of the Qutb Shahi dynasty.
The Complete Dictionary of Opera & Operetta.
她曾經有一段婚姻，前夫是李紀曾，結婚七年之後離婚。
Right now, This station and 23rd Street Station are both clean.
The Governor-General, Ghulam Muhammad, shut down the assembly on 24 October 1954, before the draft constitution could be presented.
Players are given four lives.
The senate has 81 senators (3 by state) elected for a 8-years term and is ruled by a president (presidente).
Remakeshave also appeared on the Game Boy Color.
Carlie is a cross between Charlie and Carlisle.
It prescribes two waiting periods of three months before the divorce is final in order to give the husband time to reconsider his decision.
In December 2014, three flash sales were investigated.
彭城王勰征寿春，康从行，招致壮侠，以为部下。
Some have "in-app purchases", which are purchases made within the app.
Momentum is mass times velocity.
，作為補償，埃爾科萊三世獲得了前奧地利地區，
His short reign as King was marked by conflict.
The eldest son of Daniel-Bek of Sassun, Avdal bek Ter-Khachatryants (1805-1867) also lived in Mush.
The order has traditionally been divided into two suborders; the sucking lice (Anoplura) and chewing lice (Mallophaga).
法印，使大地震動，悟入辟支佛之境地。
It studies trying to make more profit than loss, and taking good risks for the chance to make more money.
Savunmacılar 3 uçak düşürdüklerini iddia etmişler ve yalnızca 13 uçak şehir merkezine ulaşarak Londra’yı bombalamayı başarabilmiştir.
' The Birds mentions a cult "to Pandora, the earth, because she bestows all things necessary for life".
Marshall suggested that "commerce" included navigation of goods, and that it "must have been contemplated" by the Framers.
Pendle Hill store was renovated and rebranded Woolworths in late 2009.
File:Thaddeus McCotter, official portrait, 112th Congress.
Then the book talks about Jean Valjean, a man who was arrested because he stole some bread to feed his sister's children.
Since 2005 some programs have been developed to focus on these problems.
Kelly helped Dee to get visions from angels using a crystal ball.
A Parmesan cheese wheel with some bits separate.
The letters are compact, and the descenders (like the tails of g and y) do not go down far.
Here is the list of the country's presidents.
He served as senator from 1959 to 1977.
Banda and Norteño are two music genres that formed from Tejano music.
It stars Coco Martin as Juan dela Cruz, a half-tagabantay and half-aswang who falls in love with Rosario (Erich Gonzales).
The males then guards the eggs until they hatch.
On May 6, Hooker recrossed the Rappahannock.
England in 1066, they replaced the Witenagemot with another institution.
The Sontarans are a group of aliens, bred in clone batches, that believe in war over anything else.
The other female character who appears in several of the stories, and hence in some of the films, is Karamaneh, styled "Kâramanèh".
From 1191 it was being called Trebutowe, and Tributowe in 1245.
Where the teaching is called "Student of Naruto" the student may be called a "Obusing".
The group used to be called Protodonata.
Since the definition of an atheist is someone who full believes that there is no god or gods, Jim therefore cannot be an atheist because he does not fully believe that god or gods do not exist.
It is information that has first been interpreted and evaluated.
His work was chosen from over 300 entries, which had been reduced to 61 finalists.
The English translation was made by Eddie Rivera and Eddie Woods in 1931.
Citizenship also comes with duties.
In 2001, Thud Rumble became an independent company that works with DJ artists to produce and distribute scratch records.
Nobody kept records about the deaths of very poor people, so nobody knows how many of these people may have died from the plague.
In March 1949 and January 1974, the town received around convert or twice its average annual rainfall.
石窟内有道教石雕像66尊、浮雕云龙8条以及双凤藻井、
在七月王朝於1848年的2月革命中垮台後，托克維爾於同年當選國民議會的議員，
During his time as pope, there was a dispute that arose over the deposition in 991 of Arnulf, Archbishop of Reims.
Cumhuriyetin ilk yıllarıyla kurulan il teşkilatının merkez ilçesi oldu.
San Antonio, TX: The Psychological Corporation.
Lane E, "Descriptions of Egypt," American University in Cairo Press.
After Petrie retired in 1933, other archaeologists added objects to the collection.
最初于2003年5月由Simon & Schuster, Inc.
She was the Minister for Foreign Affairs from 18 September 2013 to 26 August 2018.
's Spanish language news channel.
As Prime Minister of Luxembourg he also led the negotiations on the Single European Act, which effectively set aside the 20-year-old Luxembourg Compromise.
As a result, many authors prosecute the website.
Belgium has three main geographical regions.
），那麼任何向量f都可以表達成：
Google does this to protect users against visiting sites that could harm their computers.
He seems very abrasive when he first answers his front door, but his tone quickly changes when he realizes he's found another gifted child.
There were many comments.
，更為香港青年協會微電影《珍藏。
These are a risk to national security.
In early 1988, Walter Avalos Sidotti replace the battery.
Leo Penn, American director (b.
P-Pop does include other popular Korean genres of music than Pop, such as rock.
This was the Electric Carriage and Wagon Company.
It was also the Capital of Canada at one time.
Michael Sean Roark (born May 9, 1983) is an American actor and lawyer.
YouTube became accessible again on May 30, 2007 after Maroc Telecom unofficially announced that the denied access to the website was only a "technical glitch".
Önce Yusuf'u sonra Şimon'u kaybettiğini, şimdi de Bünyamin'i kaybedeceğini söyledi.
This point is in the northeastern part of the city.
Congress soon changed the militia law to allow the President to call up more men to serve for longer periods of time.
The album has sold over 45 million copies.
In 2016, Mars released the single "24K Magic" (pronounced "twenty-four-karat magic") from his album, also called 24K Magic.
The Zimmer Twins is known for its unique format, which allows users to join in online to get their work to be shown on television.
From the tour, the band created a live album (an album made up of live versions of songs).
Warhol was entranced by the idea of fame and beauty, leading him to undergo a number of cosmetic surgeries in early adulthood.
The 2008 United States presidential election in Illinois was held on November 4, 2008.
This gives rise to genetic variation, which is the seed-corn of evolution.
One of these parts is called the "real part".
一時有七寶樓閣從裂縫中涌出，該樓閣有四角四柱四門。
McClane manages to fight them off and gets Farrell into the car.
It has cinema (63 IMAX), observatory - 60th floor (63 Sky Art), aquarium (63 Seaworld), and lots of amenity.
Michael Corby, founder of the 1970s group The Babys, is reportedly the great-great-great-great-grandson of Sarah Siddons.
Mercury(I) sulfate is a whitish-yellow solid.
He wrote his gospel for a man he calls 'most excellent Theophilus' (1:3).
In 2005, 272 people lived in Tayap.
He was born in Maghnia, Algeria.
Bir kütle spektrometresi üç parçadan ibarettir: bir iyon kaynağı, bir kütle analizörü ve bir de detektör.
Tiu Keng Leng station on the Kwun Tong Line and Tsueng Kwan O Line.
同样于4月9日maincfncfn。
Several witnesses corroborate the officer’s account of the Michael Brown shooting.
Plants of this genus are found through the north temperate regions.
"Müzikle zerrece ilginiz varsa hiç durmayın.
With them, she was a finalist in some literary contests such as the "City of Oviedo" and "Blasco Ibañez".
In 2016, Her Majesty's College of Arms granted the favour of supporters to Aston University's arms.
蒙羅是一隻施過魔法的小狗，懂得說帶有強音的蘇格蘭英語。
İsimlerde erkek ve dişi olmak üzere iki tür bulunmaktadır.
，外援球員的註冊期限為1月31日 citation citation citation 。
Pholeros created his own architectural practice, Paul Pholeros Architects, in 1984.
Filmin yayın tarihi aslında Mayıs 2013'te 22 Mayıs 2015 olarak ayarlanmıştı.
The name means '
：法兰克尼亚-春田站（J02）－main（J01）－main（C13）－地铁中心站（C01）－联邦三角站（D01）－体育场-军械库站（D08）－main（G01）－main（G05）
Bruce Manning Metzger (1914–2007) was an American biblical scholar, Bible translator and textual critic, a longtime professor at Princeton Theological Seminary and Bible editor of the American Bible Society and United Bible Societies.
As your research progresses they should be replaced with secondary or primary sources.
'daki Bizans topraklarının iç bölgelerine sürgün etti.
Repeat for the experimental object (non-gold), when you get a different (and usually lesser) density.
English writers often write the name of the Canton of Zürich as Canton of Zurich.
In order to maximize artistic impact of their craft, animators employ traditional animation techniques to set pose manually at a specific point in time.
By October it was decided that Otto Skorzeny, the German commando was to lead a task force of English-speaking German soldiers.
A goal of aerobic exercise is to train the different types of muscles so people can keep fit by increasing the muscle mass.
From 1 January 2008 Hoyerswerda will no longer be able to rule itself as there will be changes to the administration of Saxony, and Hoyerswerda will become part of a district (Kreis) instead of being a kreisfreie Stadt.
，每年的夏天和秋天都在此度过，1883年9月3日，
Well liked in Montreal, Vézina was often seen as the best player on the ice for the Canadiens, and was respected by his teammates, who considered him a leader of the team.
It starts on 10 March, running from 9:30 AM to 1:30 PM. citation The second event on the program is Super-G.
The mirrors move much faster than a person can see.
The pupils of this frog's eyes go side to side and open up and down.
The famous "Deadwood stage", 1889.
He was also selected Best Eleven award in J1 League for 5 years in a row (2001-2005).
Bitumen is a thick sticky black stuff.
および加筆修正、各エピソードの後日談、書き下ろしエピソード、『ViVi』連載時にイラスト装飾を担当したおかざき真里との対談を加えた物。
当时安徽省的党组织已被破坏殆尽，长江局派张劲夫回安徽开辟工作。
; it was in fact his legal name.
His funeral was visited by many world statesmen, both enemies and allies.
The canton of San José, with 288,054 inhabitants, is the canton with more inhabitants.
Over 150 artists were working in the production, and at the same time had worked on voice acting.
The "true" or actual fourteenth pope Benedict identified himself with the ordinal number XV.
He was arrested a few minutes later.
For the first time since June 17, 1996, Raw won over WCW's Monday Nitro in the ratings.
Studies show they are able to remember the solution to tasks for up to three years.
Princeton University Press, Princeton, New Jersey.
The 1981 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1, 1981 and ended on November 30, 1981.
Diagrams of these type-positions were a regular feature of Arabic chess-works down to the 17th century.
France score listed first, score column indicates score after each Matuidi goal.
這些錄音大部分是電影或電視節目的委託歌曲。
Nihizawa was born in Cuautitlán, Mexico.
Batı Trakya'daki, dar kıyı ovalarının dışında, bölgenin en geniş açık alanları, Kuzey Trakya Ovası (Yukarı Trakya Ovası) ve Doğu Trakya'nın büyük bölümünü oluşturan düzlüklerdir.
Pirates manager Frankie Frisch claimed that the pitch was named by outfielder Maurice Van Robays.
Ebert gave the movie two and a half stars out of four also claiming that he enjoyed it, and that it was a very good movie from a talented director, like other critics, he enjoyed the cast, but stated "I liked what I saw, but I wanted more".
In 2001, there were 487 people living in Raydon.
Owen did not really understand or empathise the suffering of the workers, who had genuine and immense concerns.
NI-KI is the main dancer.
This makes left-handed people sit uncomfortably and hold their pens in an different way.
'le arkadaşlık kurdu ve onun danışmanlığını yaptı.
Other members of his group, John Fewster, W.R. Marshall and George Mill also were rewarded.
A year later, Roemer switched parties to become a Republican again.
English has a huge number of words, but its spelling comes from many different sources.
André, who had spies and informers keeping track of Arnold, verified his movements.
These warnings were ignored by the U.S. 12th Army Group.
Trude Stosch-Sarrasani died the 6 of June 2009.
In 1983, the debate team won the National Debate Tournament for the fourth time.
Kolakowski published more than 30 books during his 50-year writing career.
This would place the Hala'ib Triangle within Egypt and the Bir Tawil area within Sudan.
The scientists saw that SARS-CoV-2 did not match any of the viral backbones that already exist for virologists to use. citation The paper in Nature Medicine soon became one of the most cited scientific papers of all time.
Case series show remarkable success in most patients.
Her full name is Guanshiyin which means "Observing the sounds (or cries) of the world."
He is known for his 2011 movie Gamer.
Having a change of heart, Popper asks his children and ex-wife to help him get the penguins back from the zoo before his ex-wife goes to Africa and he sells the tavern.
's regime from June 1942 until February 1943.
CoCo is close to her mother, who has at times managed her career.
In 2000, Chapman said that Lennon would have wanted him to be free, saying "I think he would be liberal, I think he would care."
HOMO and LUMO are sometimes referred to as frontier orbitals.
The highest mountain in Thailand, Doi Inthanon at convert, is in Chiang Mai Province.
It has made canyons with many scenic waterfalls.
J. Phillip "Jack" London (1937 – January 2021) citation was an American businessman.
A person’s age, sex, and other infections determine which treatment he or she should take.
Later, the "Renaissance flute" came into use.
它也引入了一个新的系统，main，在这个系统下，一些学校接受教育部的直接补助（不同于普通学校接受地方教育局补助），作为交换，他们需要预留一些免费学位。
Daniel J. McKee (born June 16, 1951) is an American politician.
He was born in Kharkiv.
Scientists say this is one of the largest frogs in the genus Nyctimystes.
DS was Regent of Rejang Lebong from 1994 to 1999 and of North Bengkulu from 2001 to 2006.
Tropical Depression 04W formed on June 27, where it was named Egay by PAGASA.
He won the high jump at the 2001 Mediterranean Games.
In therapies like this one, homosexual individuals have tried to become heterosexual and have even claimed they were changed, but most people do not believe it is possible.
Ancak I. Dünya Savaşı'ndaki seferberlik programında imparatorluk bu sistemden dönebilmiştir.
The districts of Lebus and Oberbarnim were both created in 1816.
Christof Zernatto, Guido Zernatto adlı eski siyasetçinin torunudur.
These proteins cause the Jarisch-Herxheimer reaction.
Comecon was how the Eastern Bloc responded to the Marshall Plan.
The Greater Blue Mountains Area has over 400 different forms of animals.
Fayzabad has been separate from other parts of the country because of the lack of paved roads.
Some television critics also write books about television and the history of television shows.
这个CAN的机械标准可以用于D-sub接口的插头和插座。
Goosefeather must cope with the ability to see the fate of living cats around him, including his own.
'nin dört büyük etkinliğinden biridir.
In the 2019 elections for the Presidency he recieved 1.47% of votes.
Şu anda bu varyantların hiçbirinin geliştirilmediğini, ancak fizibilite çalışmalarının yürütüldüğünü unutmayın.
Passenger trains, on the other hand, have historically flushed onto the tracks; however, modern trains usually have retention tanks on board the train.
He entered Pakistani politics following the 1988 death of his father, the military dictator and self-appointed President of Pakistan General Zia-ul-Haq.
It is 2 on 2 arcade basketball.
Stitch, Jumba and Pleakley are offered positions in the Galactic Alliance, turning them down so they can stay on Earth with Lilo.
，在自行研制并且借鉴外国之后，
The author has already told the reader about this talent in the first book, even though it did not seem very important at the time.
Bu limitin üzerindeki DNA parçalarının dizilenmesindeki ana engel, uzunluk farkı bir nükleotit olan büyük DNA parçaları için ayrım gücünün yetersiz olmasıdır.
主入口建有磨砖对缝的青砖门楼，
The logical layout also describes the different speeds of the cables being used from one network to another.
在圣安德鲁斯就读或毕业的北美学生涵盖了几乎美国所有州和加拿大的所有省份。
In February 2017, the University launched its online programme website.
They allow permanent building in regions where the harsher climate prevents the use of mud bricks.
東京都島嶼地區歷史最古老的遺跡是伊豆大島的下高洞遺跡，其歷史同樣可追溯至繩紋時代早期 : 227 。
Their names together are the basis for the Aramaic goddess Atargatis.
She competed in the Women's World Chess Championship (WWCC) in 2008.
，蔣在私邸設宴招待，楊杰、邵力子等作陪，10月17日晚蔣介石宴請魯滌平、
Hutterites started to emigrate to the US in the 16th century.
The Secret History of the Mongols reports that Temüjin was born with a blood clot grasped in his fist, a sign that he was destined to become a great leader.
Jeux d’Enfants (which he also arranged for orchestra).
They said that these areas belonged to China.
The first maxi-single was released during the 1970s.
，托萬達鎮區的面積為91.00平方千米，當中陸地面積為91.00平方千米，而水域面積為0.00平方千米。
She is later revealed to be the daughter of Aditya Pratap and Devaki.
It was created in 1832.
It also tests speaking in other parts of tourism.
种机车同其他德国机车的外形大为相异，反而更像英国蒸汽机车。
It was a fiction where women in society were shown in realistic, modern ways - the novel of manners.
The next major redevelopment came in the 1970s, with the construction of the North Stand, a cantilevered stand which remained in place until the closure of Maine Road.
The whole school is a non-smoking area.
Apart Type Screenplay - Everett C. Borders - Google Books.
It is caused by vertical sunshine at equator but with increasing latitudes, the rays become more and more slanting.
The lyrics for their songs are written in Pseudo-Latin and English.
Daha sonra bu tanım, hücre zarındaki tüm farlıklaşma tiplerini kapsayacak şekilde genişletilmiştir.
Then the Canadieans beat the Black hawks 2-0 and won the series would take the Stanley Cup.
All of the designs produced by the project are released under a free software license.
It has been held every year since 1996.
They believed that this testing would show which people were '
They married in May 1979.
此鎮區之年齡中位數為42.1歲，而男性年齡中位數為41.9歲，女性年齡中位數為42.3歲。
The pact had two parts.
He is known for his playing of the works of Frédéric Chopin, and Franz Liszt.
網上流傳的一段短片顯示，何君堯於示威當晚與白衣人握手，舉拇指及鼓掌稱讚是「英雄」，并合影留念 citation citation 。
因大多数人感觉20岁之后时间过得极快，到30岁不过是弹指间。
刘显要杀她，刘亢泥夫妻举族求情得免。
Johnson set state and national records for his use of veto and line-item veto powers, estimated to have been more than the other 49 contemporary governors combined, which gained him the nicknames "Veto Johnson" and "Governor Veto".
All have relatively large swollen bills.
This was part of the New Towns Act of 1946.
Cinayetin haraç toplamak isteyen bir gasp çetesi tarafından işlendiği ortaya çıkarıldı.
So if a town is 80 kilometres (50 miles) away and a person in a car gets there in one hour, they have traveled at an average speed of 80 kilometres (50 miles) per hour.
He is the Swamiji of the Sri Uttaradi Matha, a Matha belonging to the Dvaita school of philosophy, founded by Sri Madhvacharya.
In 2010, his opportunity to play decreased and he resigned end of 2010 season.
New studio sets were also introduced.
They lost the semifinal game series to Brobergs IF.
We haven't done anything in a long time.
Sripathi Panditaradhyula Balasubrahmanyam (4 June 1946 25 September 2020), also known as S. P. Bala, S. P. B., or Balu, was an Indian musician, playback singer, music director, actor, and movie producer.
MOMAK stands for "Museum Of Modern Art, Kkoto.
Henry Segrave, British racing driver (d.
This was abolished in 1906.
This money was used to pay for the 1896 Games.
For example, sound in NTVDM can be limited.
They killed or wounded an estimated 523 Japanese soldiers during the raid while rescuing 511 prisoners.
She thinks her father's fiancée, Clarice Kensington, seems nice until she overhears her saying rude things about the house and her mother.
She was its Chief Creative Officer for 15 years, from 1990 to 2005.
Seaweed has been a very important part of Japanese dishes for a long time.
Kate Norgate, England Under the Angevin Kings, Vol. I (London; New York: Macmillan and Co., 1887), p. 250 He was born about the year 1000.
The early economy of Phoenix was mostly agricultural.
However, all agree that the death of Jesus, followed by his resurrection is what makes salvation possible.
There are also legal and religious definitions for acceptable amounts of affinity.
First featured during the story of Hikari before and after coming and leaving the earth.
Montreal won for their second Stanley Cup in a row as they swept the Blues in four, which was exactly the same result of the previous season.
Mid-way through the match, all four men began brawling in the ring, and Muhammad Ali punched Piper in an attempt to restore order.
，均为不记名卡，无押金，不挂失，不退卡，可以反复充值。
This will be an increase of 6 trains over the 37 units of 1967 tube stock.
The division was one of the original 75 divisions created in 1900 for the first federal election in 1901.
Swim-off 22 Temmuz'da saat 21:31'de yapıldı.
Aksu ve Heparı, bu albümde "Yeter ki Onursuz Olmasın Aşk" ve "Kadınım" şarkılarını bestelediler.
She was the first child of George I, Duke of Saxe-Meiningen and Luise Eleonore.
People had not yet heard of him and the hall was nearly empty.
He finished second in the 400 meter freestyle race.
Quantifiers are also used in natural languages.
He has promised a 'very radical overhaul' of the state pensions system.
Insulin from different animal sources has different effects on the human carbohydrate metabolism process.
Traill and his Chief Mate, William Ellerington, were privately put in court for the murder of an unnamed convict, seaman Andrew Anderson, and John Joseph, cook.
Spanglish is a source of pride in Latino identity.
It is also visited by people wanting to fish, sail and water ski.
The white central pawns are under restraint.
They have a 75-
Yenilenmesiyle beraber salonda 6 soyunma odası,4 hakem odası,1 doping odası,80 kişilik basın merkezi ve özel kafeler mevcuttur.
When food runs out and they are ready to form sporangia, they do something radically different.
Eventually, Ivan Milat was convicted of the murders in 1996 and sentenced to life imprisonment.
's leading clothing stores, opened on Piccadilly in the 1930s.
Ermenistan Fransız Üniversitesi, Fransa işbirliği ile Fransa dışında kurulmuş ilk ve şimdilik tek üniversitedir.
The Election Commission of India held indirect 2nd presidential elections of India on May 6, 1957.
Live Science, February 6, 2009.
So by the time you reach 0.9999c, you need a very big force to make you go faster.
Many of these chorales in four-part harmonies are sung as hymns today in German Protestant churches, and some of the tunes are used in English-speaking countries as well.
In 1990, the Walter Reed Commission confirmed what Carlos found.
Instant Search can be disabled via Google's "preferences" menu, but autocomplete-style search suggestions now cannot be disabled.
有些音乐可能是开发者制作的比如说“Random1”和主屏幕音乐；还有一些是专门给游戏制作的背景音乐。
Santa Clarita is about 35 miles (56 km) northwest of downtown Los Angeles.
It is a form of intaglio printing.
Entered into the 1988 Cannes Film Festival.
Cavan has expanded in other industries, mainly quarrying, energy production and manufacturing facilities.
，因兩位曾一起創作出版遊戲書，常常被混淆。
His 1927 textbook, Modern Ballroom Dancing, was an immediate bestseller and has remained in print through many editions, the last issued in 2005.
Until the mid-19th century, Mexico was the biggest producer of vanilla.
The name Mia is a female name taken from the Slavic terminology mila (which represents "darling").
Soft drinks that do not have caffeine in them are sometimes called decaffeinated.
Haskell County was created in 1887. citation It was named for Dudley C. Haskell, a former member of Congress.
The sanjo gayageum is about 142cm long by 23cm wide by 10cm deep.
The series opened to mainly good reviews and went on to win the Eisner Award for best new series in 2006 and best ongoing series in 2007 and 2009.
Ilulissat is Greenland's most popular tourist place, because it is near to the beautiful Ilulissat Ice Fjord - tourism is now the town's main industry.
If two parties share a close relationship, a third party is farther away or more different from them.
All of them had already been sold by the time Lamborghini started delivering them to customers.
This picture with parts cut away shows the columns, the stone ribs of the roof and the buttresses of a Gothic church.
Neuroscience research from different areas can also be seen as focusing on a set of specific themes and questions.
When the 12:00 signal was sent, time and space would be infinite -- in other words, it would take forever to get the signal.
Several species are widely grown as garden flowers, while some are invasive weeds,such as M. neglecta.
In 2007, 2,562 people lived there.
In a group routine, gymnasts will exchange whatever equipment they are using with each other.
If this is the case, making more of one thing would mean making less of another; the resources are already being used to full capacity, so making more of one thing will take resources away from making another.
The salt flats were created because thousands of years ago, Death Valley was underwater.
休斯敦在还有14秒并且进攻时间即将用完之时，
Robert Palmer was married in 1972 to Shelly Putman.
Mel Gibson said that this was a realistic showing of what happened, though others thought it showed too much violence.
They give birth to 2-7 young at a time, and the young are around convert long.
In 1832, he was elected head of the Supreme Court of Belgium.
In everyday life it is possible to do something like walking alongside an automobile while marking down the times it crosses points on a grid drawn on the pavement.
An accelerated stall is very similar to the power off stall, however it is performed while executing a turn.
With time, Viareggio has also gained the title of Capital of Versilia.
The banks wanted the county to raise sewer rates to cover the missing money.
This problem is unique to zero as the function still works on every value up to zero, even if we approach from the negative side.
大約10000個奧斯曼士兵參與這次戰事。
This is available both at the Museum, at various points known as "GettyGuide stations", and externally on its website.
了解更多：全港官津小學學額分佈 2015。
大会选举产生了兵团红十字会第一届理事会（理事29人）以及常务理事会（常务理事10人），
After hatching, they fly south when the weather gets cool.
MacNeil was born in 1928 on the island of Barra.
In 1909 Thomas got a group of musicians together to form the Beecham Symphony Orchestra.
Lourdes has the second greatest number of hotels in France after Paris with about 270 establishments.
Corning, Howard M. (1989) Dictionary of Oregon History.
Prominent amongst the participants were Sardar Gohar Rehman, Chaudhry Ghulam Abbass, Khwaja Ghulam Ahmad Ashai, Agha Syed Hussain Shah Jalali, Haji Jaffer Khan, Mistri Yaqoob Ali, Sheikh Ghulam Qadir and even Sheikh Mohammed Abdullah himself.
That led to years of conflict between schools that played I-A/FBS football and those that did not.
A blind boy, once, has cleft the mark.
The missing passengers were thought to have been washed away by the River Bagmati.
He was an Assistant United States Attorney and United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.
An ellipsis can be used to trail off into silence—for example: But I thought he was.
The reasoning behind this thinking is that they were just occupants of the land and did not really own it before Europeans came.
The player can then collect the rest of the Pokémon in the game.
总面积29平方公里，人口864人，人口密度29.
Vergi sonrası gelir için, bu rakamlar sırasıyla %7, %17 ve %13 idi.
To keep him away from the family car, his father gave him an old car that didn't work.
生育酚（Tocopherol）的基本化學結構。
She also has diplomas in political sciences, social sciences and work.
In July 1872, was incorporated as a thrid class city.
He was the tallest player in the NBA, at convertcheck.
完成職專文憑學生可選擇繼續升讀香港專業教育學院高級文憑課程，而完成高級文憑課程學生憑成績可選擇報讀本地資助大學或海外大學課程。
He ran a bow along the edge of a glass plate covered with flour, and saw the nodal patterns emerge.
How a crown group is defined depends on which living species are chosen.
'da ise %33'ü 15 yaşından itibaren eşinden herhangi bir şekilde psikolojik şiddet görmektedir.
Frank starts a new job working as a janitor where he uses ammonia to clean.
They must also be told, in simple language that they can understand, the reasons for their arrest.
This song was released in October 2010 and was praised by the music critics.
When multiple-explosions occur, the material may be found in several overlapping ovals.
Osho Rajneesh and his disciples: some western perceptions.
穿过格伦诺基可來到main之一的main以及main、Rees和Dart步道。
His predecessor was Captain John Hindmarsh.
He led them to their first ever Championship in 1972.
Several waterfalls such as the Monkey Falls are in this district.
There it would be exposed to the ravages of wild animals.
，有才華的外科醫師，不能走出伤痛，卻有著真摯與直率的個性。
如果没有这些活动，以及没有在宿舍组织的活动，塞格德的学生生活是不可想象的。
傳統文法將「-ing形式」區分為現在分詞與動名詞，但在現代文法中則沒有發現這樣的區別，像是在《英語綜合語法（A Comprehensive Grammar of the English Language） citation 》與《劍橋英語語法（The Cambridge Grammar of the English Language） citation 》中，「-ing形式」都用以表示動名詞。
It was released on 6 August 1996.
Gazavat-ı Hayrettin Paşa - Türk Edebiyat tarihinin ilk otobiyografi denemesidir.
反政府示威活动，对象直指执政的统一俄罗斯党和时任总理普京领导的政府、
The Kottanad village office is in Perumpetty.
Pektoral kas lar hipoplazi ya da agenez olabilir.
It was first seen in 1985.
He has directed, produced and written several movies.
At Wanda's insistence, Archie recovers the pendant by staging a burglary.
In this case, usually the males display, and the females select.
Finally Nutkin makes the Old Brown mad.
He worked in long distance.
It was released in November 1974.
It is just used as a synonym for a Christian or religious group with common beliefs.
Numerical validation of blow-up solutions of ordinary differential equations.
The UTC is for students aged 14 to 19 wishing to study and have a career in engineering.
There are 100+ rides.
However, the band finished in last place.
The team's numerous and ardent Italian fans are known as tifosi, though the team also has a vibrant international following.
However he got hurt in May and he left the club end of the season.
The album had four singles: "Hot", "Love", "Amazing" and "10 Minutes".
Ülkesinin 18 Nisan 1980 tarihinde Zimbabve ismi ile bağımsızlığını kazanmasın sonrasında yeni ülkenin ilk Devlet Başkanı olarak göreve başlamıştır.
During the Boxer Rebellion, about 10,000 soldiers attacked the small village of Donglu on April, 1900.
At the end of his Apprentice he would be guaranteed a position at the shipyard.
弱碱性，由於苯環穩定了氮上的孤對電子，使其鹼性較脂肪族胺類低了許多。
So would the person asking.
The Democratic US Presidents were in office for a total of 429 months, with 164,000 jobs per month added on average, while the Republican US Presidents were in office for 475 months, with a 61,000 jobs added per month average.
She founded CANDLES Holocaust Museum and Education Center, which teaches children about the Holocaust.
Later the name was changed and called a bagel.
In front of the main entrance was large courtyard with a covered walkway all around.
Her father, Dick Whiting, was a song writer, and her mother, Eleanor Whiting, managed several performers.
Pheloung's other work includes music for the Sydney Opera House's Twentieth Birthday Celebrations and he contributed to the music for the movie, Truly, Madly, Deeply in which he also appeared.
The locality is a mixture of apartments and independent houses.
大部分天文钟表盘外圈是一个24小时指针式表盘，从罗马数字I（1）到XII（12），然后再从I（1）到XII（12）重复一遍。
They had a son, José Raúl Jr., in 1923 and a daughter, Gloria, in 1925.
It was replaced by an independent Irish Free State, which included most of the island.
Lyrics and sheet music hosted at Political Folk Music.
The Insurance is a functional constituency in the elections for the Legislative Council of Hong Kong first created in 1998.
Andorra doesn't have an Army. citation France and Spain help to defend Andorra.
The player also has a lot of weapons they can use.
全线设站8座，其中地下站4座，高架站4座。
自此，柯尔索成为“垮掉的一代”四位核心人物之一。
While the A-10 has a lot of room on its wings to carry bombs and missiles, its main weapon is the gun, called the GAU-8 Avenger.
Playing recorded music for dancing and parties rose with the mass marketing of home phonographs in the late 19th century.
It is a scientific research institute that performs research that contributes to the identification and development of new medicines against deadly diseases.
绿城俱乐部忍无可忍，才决定将他开除。
Most singular feminine nouns end in -a, and most plural feminine nouns end in -e.
Jeanette Maus, also has appearances in film and television productions.
In rugby he played ten times for Ireland in the Five Nations, scoring one try.
对作为偶像有着这样的体形感到自卑，认为「我觉得模特这个工作，能够利用到自己自卑的部分。
This is the decrypted form.
By now, it is the only brewery left in the Bregenz Forest.
Temporal variations of 51 V in seawater could be controlled by the aforementioned isotope fractionation and fluxes of various V sources and sinks to the ocean that is likely related to the global redox state of the oceans.
After it is ground, the spice loses its flavor in a few days.
Sıkı iki kutupludaki bütün aktörler bloklardan birine üye veya taraftır.
這提供了一個通道，可以通過色球和過渡區從光球攜帶大量能量進入日冕，最後在日冕以熱的形式耗散能量。
Some of these artists were movie directors, play writers, and songwriters.
She killed him by blowing up the school with him inside it.
A* lets you tell the computer a guess for how far it will be from each place to the end.
Shang is the first character in the name of the city Shanghai, and means "above" or "ascend".
Nearly each boogie pianist has recorded this title(f.
Graves was divorced from an early marriage.
Light pollution first made news in 1964, when an observatory was specially placed just to avoid light pollution.
He played 46 matches for the national football team as defender but also as offensive midfielder.
Health care providers may also prescribe the antibiotics by phone.
這主要因為它為兒童文學界帶來創新，報館更採「兒童文化」編輯政策。
Katherine Murray "Kate" Millett (September 14, 1934 September 6, 2017) was an American feminist writer.
During his pastorate, 14,692 were baptised and joined the Tabernacle.
People usually light an incense stick or agarbatti and pour water on the plant during the prayer.
The Champions League winners will be called as the "home" team for administrative purposes.
When he became older, he broke every window in the house when he clapped or laughed.
此外，辦公大樓採用高效能智慧雙層電梯調配系統，電梯直達不需轉乘，由1樓至48樓僅需45秒，有效疏通上下班尖峰時段的人潮。
He devoted the rest of his life to 'ahinsa' and 'dharma-vijaya'.
'lar tarafından hız, tırmanma ve dayanıklılık açısından alt edilse de çok iyi tasarımı sayesinde yapabildiği keskin dönüşlerle çoğu kez onları alt etmişlerdir.
Libraries also found they had kids arrive for a couple of hours after school.
Erik Jean Christian Antoine Belfrage (13 Nisan 1946 – 18 Nisan 2020), İsveçli diplomat, bankacı ve siyasetçi.
It has a surface of convert.
The Presidents' Trophy has been awarded 27 times to 15 different teams since first being awarded in 1985.
Because of the bad economy in Japan, these events are crowed with a lot of people who try to call in happiness.
They can receive SMS updates and alerts, update their Bebo profile, add photos to their gallery, send virtual gifts and access exclusive mobile content.
The game ended 1-1.
That baby was Dangun.
，實際上都是採取內地延長主義。
新型冠状病毒被认为对人群普遍易感。
他把剧本呈送城堡石娱乐公司，并在两周后取得2500万美元预算，《肖申克的救赎》于1993年初开始前期制作。
This small current drives a small, low-torque motor.
Depending on the competition, there are two different consequences for missing.
One may also look for solutions in the field of complex numbers.
Do not add templates to this category directly.
Lance zengin olmak ve şehirde güç elde etmek için daima atılgan davranıyor ve hep daha fazlasını istemektedir.
In eastern Spain, Jacobus became "Jacome" or "Jaime"; in Catalunya, it became Jaume, in western Spain it became "Iago", and Portugal and Galicia it was Tiago.
After returning home, he donated all the land in his capital at Mangal (on the skirts of modern-day Abbottabad) to a Sufi mystic and made the mountains his home.
He is a key figure in landscape painting, and painted many works.
其後，2月20日播出的第五話、2月27日播出的第六話更分別以收視率6.2% citation 、5.0% citation 不斷刷新了富士電視台史上該時段的最低單集收視率記錄。
He was a member of the Defense Policy Board Advisory Committee.
Cayce had difficulty in believing some of the things he said when he was hypnotized.
He was chosen because he had worked with horses.
》上連載连载的纯本格推理漫画《
The team realized that he was also good at hitting.
De la Rosa wishes Sauber well, and said, "I still intend to be in Formula One for 2011."
The Bulgarian Wikipedia was created on 6 December 2003.
ASMR is often set off by some auditory or visual stimuli.
境內大多為多邦板牙人，平均氣溫為25－28℃。
The name Flora was never used again.
Many of the same gods were worshipped.
By agreement between MLS, the Dynamo, and the Earthquakes, the history of the original San Jose franchise belongs to the current Earthquakes.
This is how the WAH-64D Apache era started.
It is estimated that there may have been as many as 27 stones in a circle 33 feet (10 m) wide.
The Belgians then began to divide Rwandans into groups: Hutu, and Tutsi.
He also taught at The New School for Jazz and Contemporary Music for 23 years, retiring in 2011.
Its orbit, however, is quite unusual.
Kelly was buried in an unmarked grave at Greta on 20 January 2013.
但他的戲劇音樂還是離不開圓舞曲和波爾卡的形式。
These then combine outside the sponges.
During his playing career he was nicknamed 'Pancho'.
Nvidia was established in 1993 by Jen-Hsun Huang, Curtis Priem, and Chris Malachowsky.
'ün müzik grubunda yer alarak seslendirdikleri çeşitli eski Türk aranjman parçalarda vokalist olarak yer alarak müzik kariyerine başlamıştır.
Unlike Morisot, the three other figures are pale and undistinguished.
Supplementing the scanner, real-time exploit protection blocks attackers from leveraging common browser and application vulnerabilities.
Instead, winter is the breeding season.
However, some states had laws that applied only to women slaves.
I. Justinianus'un fetihleri Roma kontrolünü tüm deniz üzerinde tekrar sağladı.
雖然公共小巴的車主可以申請將小巴從公共（紅色）轉為專線（綠色；九龍83A／83M、新界411及618線便是從紅色轉為綠色），或從綠色轉為紅色（只限與另一輛小巴互換牌照，不能單純地由綠轉紅；但從紅轉綠則不必與另一輛小巴互換），但從歷年的小巴分佈數字看，綠色小巴的數目持續上升，而紅色小巴則是越來越少。
These can cause a change to tissue matter, biochemistry, behaviour, reproduction, and suppress growth in marine life.
So, Shivani tries to make understand for Mohan that he was nagraj in his previous birth.
認同CHINA》2004，台北：玉山社。
Çocuk Hastanesine cerrahi şefi olarak atandı.
The creek is usually a dry sandy bed and only flows at times of very high rainfall.
David C. Douglas, William the Conqueror; The Norman Impact upon England (Berkeley; Los Angeles, University of California Press, 1964), p. 47 By the fall of 1046 many of the families in lower Normandy began plotting to replace William as duke.
清朝统治者强调八旗为国家之根基，而“国语骑射，乃满洲之根本，旗人之要务。”
The modern name comes from these two people.
In 2004, controversial plans were suggested to move her remains to the Panthéon in Paris.
These various strands merge together in his poetic work.
Biçim olarak geniş ağızlı, boyunsuz, dışbükey kenarlı kaplar, geniş ağızlı, boyunsuz dik kenarlı kap, ağza doğru daralan kenarlı; boyunsuz, basık gövdeli kap biçimleri, tek delikli tutamaklı kaptan söz edilmektedir.
Cosgrove Hall was an animation studio in Chorlton.
而附拱者謂奮庸久不徙官，怏怏風刺，相與詆訾之。
She was a candidate for Miss Pennsylvania.
Special functions of mathematical physics (Vol. 205).
，2006年入选国家“新世纪百千万人才工程”，2008年入选安徽省“皖江学者”特聘教授，
，反對他性空見解 《菩提道次第廣論》卷23：「《四百論》云：『若法緣起有，即應無自在，此皆無自在，故我終非有。
Lopez's sister Lynda interviews her choreographer Tina Landon on what it is like to work with her, before her 1999 Blockbuster Awards performance of "If You Had My Love" is shown.
It is quite unnecessary.
's death on July 30, 2013.
Often, Beatles songs would have "Lennon/McCartney" written on the record, and it would look like that they had written it together.
Tedavisi tüm seslerden izole edilmesi şeklindeydi, ve işe yaramamıştı.
The carbon chain does not break in a hydrogen atom migration.
It is based on living animals.
He was known for starring in Hachiji Da Yo!
：中華人民共和國海軍的一艘訓練艦，簡稱83艦。
They live mainly in equatorial regions.
It is linked to the sea through a canal, nowadays.
The oldest member Mark is from the United States.
In 2012, Auriol was named an FIM Legend for his motorcycling achievements.
The Uttanur is a called as a Uttama Kanchi.
Alcina is truly in love with Ruggiero.
He is known better as "
In 2001 there were 391 people living in Little Clifton.
在五角大楼建设之前，美国战争部的主要办公地点设在军需大厦，
These factors include longer time and higher temperature given to the cheese to form.
The word "doughboy" was well known almost 100 years before World War I in Britain and America.
It is a 31st movie.
Stretching is usually done a little bit at a time, so the pierced hole would not bleed or get infected.
This stops Dollarhyde from killing more people.
After the war, he was involved in politics.
He made one final appearance on the ice for the Thunder Bay Twins in the team's inaugural season before ending his playing days for good.
His name was Alexander.
In Thal the people are very poor because the whole land is arid and depends upon the weather conditions.
After a few weeks of both these treatments, the PE will become more like traditional ejaculation and after about one and a half to two and a half months, it should be absolutely normal.
俄国的宗教运动虽不完善、也不正确、比较狭隘，但却是一种特殊的人民自我教育机制”。
It also has the kind of spring-loaded allusive prankishness that, at times, will tickle adults even more than it does kids."
In 918 King Charles and Rollo met on the border of the Vexin and Roumois.
She met Thomas Hale in high school and when they graduated they went to New York together and started a floor waxing company.
Ekonomi Bakanı.
，封为谭国公，后升为左武侯大将军，
They have also placed last on the ladder 26 times since their establishment, the most of any team.
Super Smash Bros. Brawl has many stages that players can battle on.
After returning home, he took over Jung-Ang High School, which was in financial difficulties, and took office as the president in 1917.
He stayed there until January 1832 and then went back to Sydney.
After that, the Allies started to fight back from all sides.
The larger faction of the Ahmadiyya Movement, known as the Ahmadiyya Community is active in 190 countries of the world.
That very discovery of Fermi's led to the development of the first nuclear bomb code-named 'Trinity'.
Adams is a top-
It is now open to the public as the Wilhelm Reich Museum.
It seeks to turn the id’s drive to behaviour which brings benefits in the long term rather than grief.
而且第一句都是：「其實，×××是起源於……」。
Falls are common, such as the Balatchi, Metché, and Tsugning Falls.
該市是哥倫比亞名義GDP最高的地區，幾乎佔該國GDP總量的四分之一（24.
We said the dice is fair.
If someone has it, they can tell the person who wants it.
，在女双準决赛以1比2（17-21、22-20、10-21）
这允许拦截、检查和修改在两个方向上通过的原始流量。
科尔在多种族的环境下成长 citation 。
然而，伏尔泰坚持写作论文和作不太讲究考证的历史研究。
Mottola also figured—this time, being mentioned by name—in "Cherchez La Femme," the 1976 dance hit by another Mottola act, Dr. Buzzard's Original Savannah Band.
Live Another Day, however, mainly depicted a 12-hour period over its 12 episodes, but ended the final episode with a 12-hour time jump to finish the 24 hour cycle.
They seized more than $37 million in cash.
Bunun aksine kimi kişilerde de belirli bir yaştan sonra yeni belirti hiç çıkmayabilir.
It can work like analog memory or a resistive switch, which can have an infinite number of states.
Sirens can be found on emergency vehicles, like ambulances.
Accidentally implies that his wife is a witch because she reads books and when she does, he can not pray.
他曾經擔任維多利亞州農民協會的副主席。
He was mistakenly killed by the Argonauts.
Louis IX tried to make France, which was seen as being a very religious place, a protector of the Church.
It is in the northwest of the country.
Walker also works closely (and shares a mutual attraction) with Alexandra "Alex" Cahill (
The Hydrogenophilaceae are a family of Betaproteobacteria, with two genera.
This is called pixel art and it has a very unique style.
This has a different programme to Midwest Radio, although The Mid Morning Show does broadcast on Midwest Irish Radio.
Gilbert Corwin, 'Engineer intelligence and the Pacific geologic mapping program', Military Geology in War and Peace, eds.
Before starting on tour, the band added bassist John Hembree.
Maps have different sizes, objectives, and weapons that players can have.
Bara was one of the most popular stars of her era.
Healy 2007, p. 36. It was the largest tank battle in history up to that date.
Focaccia may be used as a side to many meals.
So what started as an academic discussion ends as a very direct attack on the way law and politics were done in Athens.
Consultants are often called contractors in the technology sector in reference to their employment contract.
Writers Festival, the Writer's Union of Iceland, the Federation of Icelandic Artists, the Reykjavík Arts Festival, the Reykjavík Film Festival and the Reykjavík Judo-Society.
The smallest Embraer E-Jets with up to 76 seats.
The 2015 Ping An Chinese Football Association Super League (
This harm from the recording is added to the harm from the molestation itself.
At that point the Koya kings lost almost all power.
小小幻化成為密封之劍並敦促阿兔殺掉嘉拉西亞。
As Siegel crossed the Shenandoah River north of New Market, he started making mistakes.
，为其提供人员的居住和训练服务；辽宁号服役后，转为专门的后勤保障舰。
Bart is therefore cleared of all the charges.
He worked as a security guard sometimes.
Richardson plays guitar, ukulele and piano.
He was ranked as the 25th most cited psychologist of the 20th century.
To make the car go faster still, move the throttle lever as well as the spark advance lever.
Fungi imperfecti do not fit well into these schemes.
李学勤母亲是一名家庭主妇，出生于1901年，曾读过私塾。
She was also once married and has two children.
Usually, a bruise takes about two weeks to fade away.
，引发严重内涝。 citation 华宁高中校内水深达2米，576名住校高考生被困，当地相关部门动用铲车等进行转运救援 （組圖）citation ，
Osteogenesis imperfecta is a disease that occurs when someone has weak bones, and it is a genetic disorder.
Birds that are awake during the day are diurnal.
Asteroids : 443-465Tucson, AZ: University of Arizona Press.
Then withdraw (go away) from him so he will be struck down and die."
The second group has all the other species.
，民间普遍也把三者混为一谈，举例说明：
Over time, the affected blood vessels become both stiffer and thicker, further increasing the blood pressure within the lungs and impairing blood flow.
He nearly escaped from Port Arthur by swimming.
Liu Shaoqi died in prison from brutal treatment, hunger, and terrible conditions.
However, people disagree about where the southern border is.
In 2007, 26548 people lived there.
No refrigeration is required if eaten the same day.
The movie is based on a true story.
'nin baş iktisat danışmanı olarak İşçi Partisi'nin önemli iktisadi sektörleri devletleştirme ve sosyal dayanışma siyasetlerini geliştirmesinde önemli rol oynamıştır.
，其升級區域皆為三排，且象的走法一樣。
Other typical uses for PIR foams include industrial and commercial pipe insulation, and carving/machining media (competing with expanded polystyrene and rigid polyurethane foams).
A month later, T-ara returned to Korean language music with songs Day by Day and Mirage.
'nın genel yayın yönetmeni Raf Şakirov, 4 Eylül 2004 tarihli sayısının hem tarzı hem de içeriği konusunda büyük hissedarlarının eleştirisi üzerine istifa etmek zorunda kaldı.
So Duccio painted the back as well.
In calm waters it averaged 6 knots (about 7 miles per hour) in speed.
J. Allgaier, Neue theoretisch-praktische anweisung zum schachspiel, Teil 1 (1795) J. Allgaier, Neue theoretisch-praktische anweisung zum schachspiel, Teil 2 (1796) This was said to be the best chess book of the time.
Although originally thought to be a mixed use building when planned in 2012 and approved in 2013, the building was reenvisioned as an apartment building in 2016.
When he got home he found that all of his family had died long ago.
Theoretical issues and sample surveys.
Vezir Amidülmülk'ün Kutalmış üzerine gönderdiği bir ordu, bu esnada başarısızca savaşı kaybeder.
At that, FIDE decided to cancel the extension.
Willy Wonka is a fictional character that wanted to run a chocolate factory from the known story Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.
Kaneko started to write poems (
第二日凌晨四时许，所长彭亮参与询问。
He had some friends in the Democratic Party who sometimes asked him for ideas, but that party did not like him enough to be president, either.
There is also a 4th and 5th level which is organised by the local football associations.
The main playable character is Cloud who is supported by Tifa, Aerith, and Barret.
On September 30, 2002, Manson announced that he was officially retiring from playing professional ice hockey.
He is best known for his controversial 1973 novel The Camp of the Saints.
The party held it's nominations on 9 October 2011 and this time, both Fonseca and Albert Area Representative, Mark Espat submitted their nominations and ultimately stood as candidates for the party's leadership.
A standard male hair style.
Until Saint-Estève, the climb is easy, but the 16 remaining kilometres have an average gradient of 10%.
It was nicknamed "USS Northampton."
The album was launched on April 15, 2008.
Together they made alliances with the local Greek states, such as Naples and Gaeta.
However, given that the non-canonical gospels generally have no time sequence, this table is not a Gospel harmony.
）和103团（迁青平支队改编第51团），驻朝阳、
With camouflage, an animal looks like its background, and so is more difficult to see.
Hakan Demiray, kickboks milli takım sporcusu ve egzersiz eğitmeni.
A next Bob the Builder series is currently yet to be announced.
Bu etki alanlarının dereceleri değişmekle birlikte çok net değildi.
However, solar radiation would have caused the resulting dust to drift inward to Earth orbit over a time span consistent with the record of dust in the ocean sediment.
ISBN 957-671-888-0 （巴宰文） （中文） 潘應玉/翻譯,cuaxdon/筆錄修訂,台灣埔里守城地區基督教長老教會(牛眠教會),2014年5月10日 NLT,"
Radames and the Egyptian army march into the city to celebrate their victory.
The term is a reference to Maxwell's Demon, not religion.
The size of the stone is about 4 feet long and 1 foot wide.
Due to the lack of exact historical datings, the first recorded seven rulers, just before the rulers with dated reigns, were considered to be mythological rather than being historical.
She was often credited as Fanny Schreck.
Max Ernst (2 April 1891-1 April 1976) was a German painter and graphical artist.
There are two main club competitions.
The Allies had broken through the Etna Line.
The first one is an asymmetric board that is suitable for beginners.
Cinereus shrews breed from May to September.
There are not very many native Esperanto speakers.
'da üretim tesisleri ve ofisleri bulunmaktadır.
There is a medicine that can help prevent the virus in babies that have not been born yet if the doctor is worried the baby may get the virus.
The company makes more than 100 of the leading U.S. brands.
He was worshipped mainly because he was a god that kept people healthy through their food.
Many of the characters in the book ask whether God or the gods are real because they allowed a bad thing to happen: the wave that killed so many people.
He won the golden glove prize in 2007.
They are also used as a decoration for hair.
They convinced another tribune, named Marcus Octavius, to oppose Tiberius Gracchus.
He had married Neeltje Huisman, a fisherman's widow who already had 6 children.
It is set in the Alderley Edge mines and the story is about wizards and knights underground, just like in the stories Garner's family would tell.
He was counted out be kept the championship until they had a rematch on December 14.
The Game Boy Color was the first Game Boy in color.
The duty of a matross was to assist the gunners in loading, firing and sponging the guns.
If a child gets punishment for a behavior they will not model it.
An intaglio is the opposite of cameo.
The plantain leaves often add an aroma to the dish.
In contemporary life the border between male and female is sometimes becoming less strict.
Her name means "
Edebiyat dünyasına şiirle adım atan Durbilmez, klâsik şiir, halk şiiri ve çağdaş şiir özelliklerini bir arada yansıtabilen ender şairlerden biridir.
Winkelman at first intended to continue the fight.
Gerunds, which are nouns made from verbs (for example: reading - to read) also exist in Finnish (lukeminen - lukea), are abundant in Finnish.
一氧化碳存在於各種自然和人造環境中，以「
The state government said that it did this to protect "religious freedom".
The Mac Mini's power supply is outside of the machine.
不久之後的十一月初七日，正式册封为英嫔 《清實錄》冊文曰：朕惟蘭殿重內官之選。
In 1994, Welk was inducted into the International Polka Music Hall Of Fame.
The movie is a 1982 release.
There are 613 mitzvot in the Torah.
回答問題的同時，面向參賽者的兩面牆壁會逐漸逼近參賽者，若參賽者不能在時限內達到標準，則會被壓扁，全隊立即淘汰出局。
In tomography, the machine blurs out structures not in the focal plane.
A mechanical engineer also might help design electricity generating stations, oil refineries, and factories.
They are used in flares for signalling the position of survivors or shipwrecks and to make the red colour in fireworks.
Zuko then admits he will free his Uncle Iroh and help the Avatar stop him.
Before being chewed bubble gum is hard.
他是跨越康雍乾三朝的长寿老人。
PDWs tend to be shorter range weapons.
Part of the palace is the original castle as it was between 1157 and 1170.
Ivezić also starred in H-8, Back of the Medal and The Magician's Hat.
During his time abroad he was not player of the team.
Hornworts grow all over the world.
Moore 1987, pp.294-295 He died on 9 June 1794.
Six of those were gold.
警方当时认为父亲是精神错乱自杀，但母亲绝对不信的。
Hestia tends to the hearth in Olympus while the other gods battle Typhon.
Logan was incorporated as a city in 1839.
、陸慈心、歐陽上智、譜局渡入迷（同歐陽上智）、織夢師、
During that time he started to publish poems.
Brooklyn is named after a Dutch town called "Breukelen".
It is very foggy and stormy.
It means a fourthling or fourth part.
They are original, done in the early 12th century.
In 1995 he made a career move to become director-general of the Dutch information service Rijksvoorlichtingsdienst, a position he had until January 1, 2004.
He played in four matches of the 2006-07 Bundesliga season and won the German Championship with Stuttgart.
It is always the longest side.
A few entoproct species have been found living in close association with other animals.
Many figures in the ancient world had ideas about vision.
As an example, in 2017, those students who read in class two, take preparation for the admission exam which is held usually in the last week of December.
The men camped while trying to protect themselves and stay warm.
This is because the trenches usually flooded.
The other terminal is connected to the transmission line.
The richer countries are called MEDC's (More Economically Developed Countries).
新潟市最具代表性的傳統表演藝術是main citation 。
Boruto helped Naruto and Sasuke defeat the two clansmen.
Humans do some of this as well as almost all animals.
Only one play, Dyskolos, has survived almost entirely.
尽管持续遭受严重损失，阿富汗地方军阀依旧牢牢的控制着该地区。
It was certified Gold by the RIAA on August 18, 1971, and Platinum on April 10, 2017.citation If necessary, click Advanced, then click Format, then select Single, then click SEARCH.
Standart sayıların dışında özel albümler ve anime çizgi filmler de üretilmiştir.
Grampus also finished at the 16th place and was relegated to J2.
The time she was in the country Peru, she learned to speak the language Spanish.
，提倡中国学生应有而未得到的权利，号召青年学生改变现状，在精神上觉醒，
One reason for this is because sea ice formation and melting is very sensitive to temperature changes.
A private group purchased the track in 1991 and began to upgrade it.
Ancak Menemencioğlu Ahmet Bey'in itirazı nedeniyle bu kararını uygulayamamıştır.
Volpiano had already built the Abbey of Fécamp, in Normandy.
It is a very comic scene with a lot of very clever humour.
This means that they are non-vascular plants.
They are the only surviving marsupial in North America, though there were others before mankind arrived in the Americas.
This is done to avoid confusion when playing a team with similar colors.
此種舰種没有综合补给舰所特有的大型补给门架，只在中部每舷各装了两个小艇投放架，且无机库。
Steven A. Simon, "A Half-Century of History," Fifty Years of Excellence: Building Leaders of Character for the Nation, 2004.
For example, a partial pardon may not set aside a finding of guilt, or may not fully restore the rights of the person who received the pardon.
In the summer of 1964, Rangers FC revealed a plan to The Scottish Football League to remove the Warriors from the league, along with four other clubs, on the basis that they were poorest-supported clubs over the previous three seasons.
The hypoglossal nerve (CN XII) is involved in controlling tongue movements required for speech and swallowing.
To build a house with wood, lumber is put together into frames that are the shape of each wall, floor, and roof of the house.
Deneysel bir özellik, AcademiX GNU/Linux'u bir sınıfta kullanmayı mümkün kılar.
Most meatballs are made out of beef.
同时，它显示的一个尖峰，表明新一轮的喷发开始。
松谋（1899年－1967年），云南迪庆人，
Yarışa başlıyorlar, İshak Bey'in atı padişahın atını geçmek istiyor.
」 citation : 186-187 1944年12月，任代行政院院長，兼任外交部長。
This has helped scientists understand what comets are made of.
Kratos can use the Blades of Athena to attack enemies and gain abilities from picked up items and red orbs.
Arsenic is sometimes added to brass to prevent the zinc from coming out.
然而增加防塵蓋的立意雖然良好，不過卻又為操作時增加了獨特的金屬噪音。
In addition, the social cognitive theory posits that most behavior is learned vicariously.
To be able to use a more diverse set of characters, he developed what is called a stock character.
，据说模仿了亚美尼亚古都Ani的Ani主教座堂。
後來當紅的月紅漸漸看不起同伴，更在燈紅酒綠中墮落，並嫁給下流的唐經理，商水花因被唐抛棄而自殺。
This may or may not be true, but it sounds cool!"
，同年五月，他在军中去世，追封嘉勇郡王，谥文襄。
总面积13平方公里，总人口39人（2001年），人口密度3人/平方公里。
Checklist of birds of the Afrotropical and Malagasy regions.
Foxe died on 8 April 1587 and was buried at St. Giles's, Cripplegate.
They were the Western Roman Empire and the Eastern Roman Empire (
In 1931 he became Assistant Organist at Leicester Cathedral.
However they produce electricity cheaply, and do not pollute the air.
The pods take a full year to develop and ripen.
After the team's breakthrough win, development was switched to the 2009 season where new regulations come into play.
利物浦第一場比賽是蘭開夏郡聯賽對著瓦爾頓，並以8-0勝出。
No. 6, season 2. "Bitter Work".
An Anglo-Indian dictionary: a glossary of Indian terms used in English, and of such English or other non-Indian terms as have obtained special meanings in India.
After several rounds of negotiations by Patel, the lands were returned to farmers after a deal was struck between the government and farmers’ representatives.
The term originally meant the portions of a log which one had split lengthwise into four or six sections.
Kashchei loses his power, the monsters, and his palace.
After trying to get Hershel to go back to the farm, two other men enter the bar.
If an organisation sets up subsidiaries in every country where it has significant business, few problems arise.
埃罗省省道D34线、D34E3线、D34E4线、D34E6线和加尔省省道D265线在镇中心交汇。
It has the Austrian part of the historic Princely County of Tyrol.
In 1983 he co-edited volume 4 of Berlioz's Correspondance générale, citation and in 1996 he co-edited Volume 1 of the composer's Critique musicale.
Gilbert and Dunn spent the night dancing at the Flag Hotel.
They each now have 18 candies.
The rallies were held every year from 1927 to 1938 in Nuremberg.
Sweden has 25 historical provinces (landskap).
正行聽到之後無法承受這個事實，一個人坐上公車哭著離開了。
At this competition, on November 12, she debuted and scored 2 goals against Nepal.
地面為兆祥路、普君北路、市東下路、兆祥公園、普君新城、鴻業新天地及其它住宅或建築；地下一層為廣佛地鐵站廳；地下二層為廣佛地鐵站台層。
Somewhere in between 2008 and 2011 she had 2 twin sons named Lorcas and Lysander.
Prior to visiting South Africa, he visited Senegal.
Bu parçacıkların toplam sayısının ihmal edilebilir kısmındadır.
Austin won the match by pinfall after he hit Undertaker with the Stunner.
Parti ideolojisini büyük ölçüde Ukshin Hoti'nin çalışmalarına dayandırıyor.
The county seat is Minden Hills.
Despite subsequent difficulties in controlling the aircraft, the crew succeeds in making an emergency landing at Naha, Okinawa.
Obama and his sister Maya scattered their grandmother's ashes in the ocean at Lanai Lookout.
These holy rats are called kabbas, and many people travel great distances to pay their respects.
，警方在他們的住處搜出9把槍枝與大量彈藥 citation 。
，日本國史跡，富山縣內規模最大的古墳。
The museum's visitor leaflet says that manufacture by Neanderthals "is reliably proven".
Her best days have just begun."
On November 4, 2017, Russian coach Irina Viner announced that Mamun was retiring from gymnastics.
S316线开封段东起杞县与睢县交界处，
In the book, Stowe writes about the important characters in Uncle Tom's Cabin and about people in real life who were like them.
The original dances, sets, and costumes were recreated for this production.
学校位于厦门市的东南海岸边，与厦门大学毗邻，面海而建。
Guy Ligier for an estimated price of 200 million of francs.
，客家電視台的中華電信MOD頻道號碼從第17頻道改為第5頻道。
Bununla birlikte Wavell, yalnızca İtalyan saldırılarını püskürtmekle kalmayıp, onları yenip kolonilerini işgal etmeyi de başardı.
It is a close-combat or last-resort weapon.
's lower house for more than 80 years.
The little elephant was named Jumbo.
Mohammad was known for singing the ghazal of the last Moghul Emperor Bahadur Shah Zafar, Lagta Nahin Hai Jee Mera Ujray Diyar Mein.
The eyelash viper is also known as the 'eyelash mountain viper", the "horned palm viper", Schlegel's viper", and the "eyelash palm-pit viper".
There have been many cases where suspects' confessions have been challenged and thrown out in court because of problems giving the Miranda warning in other languages.
On 28 February 2017, her family turned off her life support.
Geneva does not have any districts.
He threw them out because he believed they were taking the jobs of Ugandans.
This was also unsuccessful.
甚至一度誘惑同樣是PSY能力者的愛知使用「闇影聖騎士」的卡組，最後在全國大賽決賽敗給愛知，回想起最初的自己，並希望有機會再跟櫂戰鬥。
The police storm the wall and dismantle it, discovering the hidden corpse.
's first constitution, the "
A node can be a computer, printer, or any other device capable of sending or receiving data from or to the other node in the network.
Its intake was over $30 million, making Godsend a mild success in the box office.
This is usually done by copying them to a different place on the disk.
The ship never returned to the shipping lane and hit Bligh Reef at around 12:04 AM.
Orijinal dönüş hızı saatte 1 tur iken, 1990'larda yapılan yenilemenin ardından hız iki katına çıkarılmıştır.
From the 5th century AD there was a seat of a bishop on Menorca.
Russian Journal of Plant Physiology 54(2): 163-170.
Vasco Núñez de Balboa claims the South Sea.
Since ancient times and the conquest of the Trebizond Empire, the Pontian Greeks have not have had their own nation.
The moon is held in an orbit around the earth by the pull of earth’s gravity.
结果在33个投票箱中，有16个票箱金泳三得票率达到70%的绝对优势，而剩下的17个票箱则是清一色投给自由党的票，投给金泳三的票只有2-7张。
According to June 2019 statistics of BRTC, 90.4 million users subscribe to the mobile internet, 0.06 million subscribe to WiMAX and 5.73 million to ISP + PSTN connections.
It is the seventh largest town in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania.
It is listed as a monument historique.
The ticket for that seat is often given to former players of Young Boys or famous visitors.
An open system means that energy (like heat) can freely flow in and out of the room.
When an expert is asked to look at a computer it is called an "investigation".
It was named in Publishers Weekly's "Best Books of the Year" in 2008.
As Lawry called himself Melody King, Hortencio decided to name his next audio album "Kumaricho King" in which he retaliated by singing about Lawry's relationship which was another controversial topic.
But it has been slow and the standard of education varies greatly in different parts of the country, education has improved the standard of urban compared to rural areas where quality can be very low.
Complaining about "forced Azerification" of the region, the majority Armenian population started a movement for independence.
This shark usually weighs about 22 pounds (10 kg) at maturity.
Quotes and paraphrases from: citation 不過有些日本人認為“可愛”文化讓人覺得日本人始終不願意長大，逃避殘酷的現實，也危及了傳統文化。
Peter Murphy began a solo career while the other members continued as Tones on Tail and, later, Love and Rockets.
Even though the design is Bernini's, the statues, which are all 5 metres high, were made by four different sculptors.
The MRAM, Magnetoresistive random access memory, is proposed as the solution to long-lasting electronic memory.
Böylece grup, Hot 100 tarihinde, aynı anda listenin ilk iki sırasını ele geçiren on bir sanatçıdan biri oldu.
He learned music from his father and he was influenced by famous Yemeni singers like al-Sunaidar, al-Anisi and al-Harithi.
Others are used to study nuclear and particle physics.
Neusoft Corporation is a Chinese multinational provider of software engineering services.
In modern Formula One, the team must build their own car.
，智利樂團main的演唱使這首歌舉世聞名。
The Ramayana tells that Ayodhya was the capital city of Raam’s kingdom.
This makes them ideal for surge-protection applications.
Kerouac liked to type on rolls of paper, because he did not have to stop to change pages.
He fought in the War against Nabis.
He went galumphing back.
To attain this concave shape, the stadium made the field 14m under the ground, which minimized the effect of the wind.
抗战期间，受国民政府军令部军事技术室之邀，
Chandana on returning from parlour is shocked to find Amloki accused of stealing.
後來因為清海將其心愛的鐵炮弄壞後為了尋求新的鐵炮再度旅行，途中與根津甚八相遇。
Süzülen sıvı dikkatlice ve gözenekleri tıkamaması için başlangıçta karıştırılmadan süzgeç kağıdına aktarılır.
'nın teknik direktörü konumundadır.
In sangam literature it is mentioned that kharvela of kalinga tried to invade north India against the Pushyamitra the founder of Sunga Dynasty but there is no clear evidence of that.
Mr. Moseby manages the ship.
In English, "na" has no meaning, it is just a sound to sing with your voice.
Participating bands and audience came from several countries.
The player has to make their opponent lose by causing their playfield to make it to the top.
Healthy gums usually have no reaction to normal disturbance such as brushing.
She was recognized as Fortune's 50 Power Business Women.
Even though some things about Gothic architecture stay the same, other things look different in different countries.
It has an ancient cultural heritage.
Howard Curtis (London: Constable & Robinson Ltd., 2008), p. 138 His victory at Hastings gave Duke William the nickname he has been known by ever since: 'William the Conqueror'.
This would help remove all of the silt deposited by the rising tides.
，年齡最小的階級稱為takuvankuvan，屬於學習的階段；稍長的階級稱為valisen，從事耗費體力的勞務；最年長階級稱做maqacuvuncuvun，是下達指令、教育後輩的階級。
It is then revealed that as Juno, she snuck out of Olympus and exchanged Percy and Jason to try and unite the Roman and Greek demigods.
Not have I caused terror.
The Chancellor and Pro-Chancellors are appointed for a five year period.
）獲得Young Jump獎，同時以職業漫畫家的身份出道。
If more than one device tries to send a signal at the same time, they can interfere with each other.
In most cases he bought art directly from the painters of his day.
Kimliği hakkında pek bilgi yoktur.
截止2020年2月，卢瓦-谢尔省境内共有高速公路165公里，国道47公里，省道3424公里以及其它公路6402公里 citation 。
The A320neo will use 15% less fuel than the current A320.
Virtustream was founded in 2009.
布氏硬度值称为BHN（Brinell Hardness Number），常被简写为HB(Hardness Brinell)。
On May 26, 2015, EMC Corporation announced about acquire Virtustream.
The music of these spirituals blend very cleverly into the style of Tippett’s music.
The movie was shot for less than $500,000 and filmed in 23 days.
His three successors also never claimed a title as monarch.
Philadelphia: The Academy of Natural Sciences; Washington, DC: The American Ornithologists' Union.
Starr's story interested publisher Richard K. Fox.
，是全球之最 citation 。
They might stop smoking or stop watching TV so they can spend more time reading the Bible or talking with the family.
's comedy clubs in the late 1970s.
It peaked at number three on March 15th.
After being recalled from Germania, Tacitus, Annals II.26 Germanicus celebrated a triumph in Rome in AD 17, the first full triumph that the city had seen since Augustus's own in 29 BC.
ELO became even more popular.
Colbert married his wife in 1993.
，廣泛來說是從1561年（永祿4年）的森部之戰起始的一連串攻防戰，最後以織田信長的勝利告終，歷經六年後攻破齋藤軍，
The ranks are open to non-Russian citizens as well.
It has the mountains of the Transverse Ranges circling it.
The US Navy said that the damage it did to the Japanese was greater than what it really did.
Like wheelchair curlers in Turkey, the skiers had many challenges.
A trojan may act as a "backdoor" to the computer, contacting a controller which can then have unauthorized access to the affected computer.
He wrote a book about Keats called Posthumous Keats, published in 2008.
The game was released November 10, 2014.
Blind people and people with physical disabilities compete in cross country skiing.
The word comes from a Greek word meaning an "obstacle" (something that is in your way).
Philip himself did not like being painted when he was old, but he allowed Velázquez to include him in Las Meninas.
However, it is sometimes put in the genus Nectarinia.
He referred to Russia as a kleptocracy in a TV panel discussion about its influence in the revolution in the neighboring Ukraine in late February.
They visit the same stopping places that Christian did, but they take longer because they marry and give birth to children on the way.
有客房500餘間（特等5間，一等49間，二等222間，三等224間）床鋪1,000餘張，
Statues at the "House of Cleopatra" in Delos, Greece.
Roderick Dobson in Birds of the Channel Islands citation said that puffins had been plentiful for over a century.
太和二十三年（499年）二月，
He was often called the most important artist in Disney comics.
Each species has subspecies.
Steve Yzerman became a star at this time.
They were first used in 1912.
，关于热可以转换为功的实验证明仍然悬而未决。
It is an undecided problem in planetary geology.
In the arrondissement of Mont-de-Marsan, there are two canton where not all their "communes" are in the arrondissement: Côte d'Argent and Pays morcenais tarusate.
Both Televisora Nacional and Televisa are no longer on, so RCTV is now the oldest television station in Venezuela.
Fakat ailevi ve özel sebeplerden dolayı rolü reddettiler.
在北兴街与二号线，大东边门与一号线有相交。
Discovery Family tried to advertise towards children and their families by offering a range of content to choose from.
This is the ejecta cloud.
Union artillery opened fire on the Confederate guns and an artillery duel started that lasted for an hour.
Örnek uzayın sonlu olması durumunda bu kümenin herhangi bir altkümesi bir olay oluşturmaktadır.
This implied the no construction of industries.
本屬只有一個種，診斷賴索托龍（L.
Alaşehir'de kazanan CHP üyeleri Hikmet Ünlü'yü Alaşehir Belediye Başkanı olarak seçmiştir.
The cities near the airport are Erding and Freising.
本區沿海低地寬廣，約有100~200公里。
The next year, he finished third.
The library has to keep and develop a national collection of library material.
It was known from 1875 to 1966.
It is the largest toy maker in terms of revenue.
Larry served as a Florida State Representative from 1970 to 1974.
，香港地接社从内地组团接收旅客，先倒付每人1200至1800多元，另外再垫付酒店和景点门票等成本，每个游客最低1500元，兩者合算約3000元，由此一个游客至少购物消费满3000元左右，香港旅行社賺到的「购物回佣」才能勉强回本。
A US "prison" or "penitentiary" is run by the state or federal government and holds people who are serving a long sentence for a serious crime.
An illustrated catalogue, with generic diagnosis and species distribution, of the Afrotropical Arctiinae (Lepidoptera: Arctiidae).
Tzvi Freeman is a writer and the author of Bringing Heaven Down to Earth.
Bu bölge Rusya’nın kömür kaynağı ve Sibirya’nın endüstri açısından kalbidir.
施姓族人自中國大陸移居臺灣後，
近年，“土地掠夺者”一直在“整个亚马逊地区的巴西土著领地和其他受保护的森林”中非法砍伐森林 。
In Scandinavia it is customary to bury the ashes ín an urn in a family grave (a grave which contains the remains of many family members).
Bu arya Diavolo sözcüğünün çokça tekrarı ile bu operanın en hoşlanılan baş parçasıdır.
賣給好萊塢星球餐廳，但檀香山分店關閉後去向不明。
The team with the stone closest to the centre of the house wins the end.
The lion is a memorial to soldiers from Berkshire who were killed in Maiwand, (Afghanistan) in a war in 1880.
Bergey's Manual of Systematic Bacteriology, Volume Two: The Proteobacteria, Part C: The Alpha-, Beta-, Delta-, and Epsilonproteobacteria.
It is the process of breeding without sexual inter course.
Spyro also has to defeat Cynder, a mysterious, evil dragon, who is working for the main antagonist of the series, the Dark Master.
Buster started swimming as a very young boy.
It is a guide for other ship captains to follow.
在總統選舉結束後，哈梅內伊毫不掩飾他對艾哈邁迪內賈德的支持，「公開為他辯解的程度超越」其對改革派總統哈塔米。
It had the first three Doctors.
She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2017 World Aquatics Championships citation citation citation and 2019 FINA Women's Water Polo World League.
That is transclusion.
，位於該國中部，始建於1585年，面積183平方公里，海拔405米，主要經濟活動有工業、製造業和服務業，2005年418,784。
Jane Seymour was really the only wife that Henry really loved.
His first encyclical is the only one in the Vatican archives which is in the handwriting of the pope who delivered it.
He has been a professor at several universities.
For thirty years he was a conductor, professor, music department chair, and resident composer.
It has two different meanings at different times in history.
The fourth series is a ten episode story named Miracle Day.
As the ice starts to slide down the mountainside, it does not flow around the rocks; it pushes the rocks out of the way.
The model was produced in Japan and the UK.
This is because the gametes are damaged.
Atchison County is in the Atchison, KS Micropolitan Statistical Area.
The names of all parvas or books of the Mahabharata are noted below.
In this magazine, Esperanto speakers could vote about the changes.
He released two solo albums during his career: "Mantra" (2000), and "Honey In Beehives" (2007).
There are two types of memory: short-term and long-term memory, or known as working memory and reference memory.
From 2010–2014, Li Yugang created "Flower in the Mirror, Moon in the Water" (lang) and "Portrait of Four Ancient Beauties" (lang).
Koyu yeşil yapraklara sahiptir.
已经撤回绥西的傅作义一面命令部队加紧整补，一面开始准备迎击日军的部署。
They argue that this is due to the underlying physiological changes that the rodent goes through in response to stress.
There is also a new power-up, which is a carrot that lets Mario slide across certain areas.
Iwao Takamoto eventually became an assistant animator for the legendary Milt Kahl.
The station was originally opened as Downs Junction Station.
İlçenin nüfusu 2010 sayımına göre 1.990'dır.
It lays its egg in the nest of another bird and leaves it for them to care for.
Kasabanın nüfusu 31 Aralık 2005 tarihi itibarıyla 21,326'dır.
His first novel is The Ginger Man. citation Another novel, A Fairy Tale of New York, provided the title of the song "Fairytale of New York".
Carol Bellamy (born January 14, 1942) is the Chair of the Board of the Global Community Engagement and Resilience Fund (GCERF).
在代数不是poset的情况下，你使用不同的子结构替代滤子。
In August 2020 a division was created within the OCLCH dedicated to the fight against hate crimes, in particular racist, anti-Semitic, anti-religious or LGBT-phobic acts.
About 700 of these prisoners arrived at Auschwitz in June 1940; the Nazi guards told them they would not survive more than 3 months.
There were 813 people living here in 2010.
由于嘎裂声发声时声带短厚而僵硬，其频率极低 citation ，远低于发音人的最低声域 citation 。
While there are testimonies that "Feodor Kozmich" in his earlier life might have belonged to a higher level of society, claims that he was Alexander I were never proved.
He then rejoined Xero now called Linkin Park in November 2000 and has been playing with them ever since.
With Jason and the Dioscuri, Peleus sacked Iolcus, dismembered Astydamia (and, in some accounts, Acastus himself), and marched his army between the pieces.
第一激发态（a 1 Δ）具有长的寿命，因为其跃迁到基态（X 3 Σ - ）的自旋禁阻。 citation National Institute of Standards and Technology 一氢化氮经历了碰撞诱导的系间窜越 。
This can be purified to make food-grade phosphoric acid if needed.
Highway 60 (MN 60) is not far from Greenland.
Small grains, melons and vegetables are also grown a lot.
Well, we may not hear directly from Rosaline (or even see her unless we watch, say, Zeffirelli's 1968 film adaptation of the play), but we do hear a lot about her from one of the play's major characters, Romeo.
The men's bandy team played in the Swedish top division in the season of 1963-1964.
The time of which the mating season occurs depends on the location.
Like other hypsilophodonts, it had beak teeth.
A move which attacks the opposing king.
This type had four tail spikes and small plates.
The storm slowly became more tropical, with a warm center.
Örneğin "atık sular" veya "çöpler" gibi objelerin "ortaya çıkışı" tüketici faydasını azaltır.
His father, Christoph Bach (1613–1661) was also a musician, as was his twin brother Johann Christoph Bach (1645–1693).
Each mirror plane contains an N-H bond and bisects the H-N-H bond angle opposite to that bond.
The word markazi means central in Persian.
假設一環路觀測者與環路一起移動。
Often the male of a pair will do the display and wear colours, while the female is camouflaged.
He started his coaching career when he was 25. His first senior job came across when he took over 1st division outfield Shahab Zanjan.
，但仍保留铁路、邮政、文化、军队等权利。
On the surface, it will limit the monopoly of big company.
The earthquake made the ground on the surface move more than convert.
This explains the sayings call to mind, come to mind, keep in mind, to have mind of, and so on.
The species mating periods may not match up.
West made the painting in 1770.
这样的技巧增强了小说线索的多样性，呈现了更广泛的历史场景。
In 1984, Vranitzky joined the SPÖ-
Kötüye giden şarapların nasıl kurtarılabileceğine yönelik tavsiye niteliğindeki eser ve yazıların çokluğu şarapları korumanın yaygın bir problem olduğunu göstermektedir.
He worked for himself after 1911, but he supported several groups and organizations in Slovenia.
There are three services using the line.
Noddy jumps from the first floor on to the motorbike.
The plot of the show has to do with finding the answer to mysteries, or X-Files.
In the 2016 campaign, Sanders won more votes among those under age 30 than both Trump and Clinton combined.
Wordsworth, Coleridge, and Southey came to be known as the "Lake Poets".
One of the girls did not have sex with him.
These attempts at seduction usually start when they are teenagers.
They are called johns if male.
There, she shoots three eggs from either side of the stage.
One stormy night, a rain-soaked maiden comes to the castle door.
The actions of Johnson & Johnson to reduce deaths and warn the public of poisoning risks have been widely praised as an exemplary public relations response to such a crisis.
They have to give a special job to the other country.
Captain Olimar control the Pikmin, and they can use them to pick up objects, reach other areas, and fight enemies.
Its name means, "Forest of Sweet Osmanthus".
A group who came to be known as Origenists, and who firmly believed in the preexistence of souls and the apokatastasis, were declared anathema in the 6th century.
Birleşik kelimeler en az iki sözcükten oluşur.
The center star is only magnitude 13, so it cannot be a large galaxy.
The League of Nations said: At places where there is not a single Italian national, a consul establishes himself in an area known as consular territory with a guard of about ninety men, for whom he claims jurisdictional immunity.
It was construct by the ancient Greek mechanic Eupalinos, so it is called "Eupalinio Orygma" in Greek.
When they returned home, they talked often about the dish.
His best known roles were in Shoestring, Scrooge and in The Army Game.
Out of the 17 cyclones, 15 became named storms, 9 became hurricanes, and 4 became major hurricanes.
Thus, a contingent of Royal Engineers and Marines were deployed to New Westminster.
Tedaviye bosentan (Tracleer®) ile başlayan hastalarla son zamanlarda yapılan bir sonuç çalışması, hastaların %86’sının 3 yıl içinde hayatta olduklarını göstermiştir.
Bağışıksal bellek ya kısa-şeklide pasif bellekli olabilir ya da uzun şekilde aktif bellekli.
As a sporting contest, it had an exciting climax.
二十四桥仍在,波心荡冷月无声。
While they wait for their new exoskeleton to harden it can be dangerous.
In 2001, there were 204 people living in Playford.
Şefika Gaspıralı çaresiz kalınca kızı ve damadı Gence'li Dr.
Magneto rips it out of the guard and escapes.
The interest was so great that developers found themselves promoting the parks rather than their own developments, as the highest prices would exist for the park perceived to be best.
Compared to the large and powerful hind limbs, its forelimbs were small, but powerful for their size.
'ye kiralanmıştır ve 21 maçta 15 gol atmıştır.
He was the 18th Governor of New York from 1853 to 1854 and from 1863 to 1864.
This slogan has been used in many arts and shows.
It was directed by Richard Thorpe.
He was also known as '
Undaunted by the Fight: Spelman College and the Civil Rights Movement, 1957/1967.
The Regional Transportation Authority (RTA) controls the function of the three service boards: CTA, Metra, and Pace.
该乡充分利用地缘和资源优势，加大招商引资工作力度，重点发展农产品深加工、城郊旅游、水产养殖等产业；扶持发展民族乐器等特色产业，将浓郁的民族文化和民族工艺产品推向全国和世界各地，实现经济跨越式发展。
He often makes changes in his diet to either gain or lose weight.
，原本附加上中文字幕，但因決定過時，及誤會為與早上時段及非特定時段而沒有提供；
這派別的人士一般主張減低直接稅稅率、
He retired from all forms of cricket in 2012.
In the hands of a skilled trombonist, the trombone is a very versatile instrument and can play many styles.
Until the 1930s the town was known as Stuart.
Crustaceans have three major body parts.
The town name was spelled incorrectly.
It moved very slowly and made a landfall in India.
Şehir Kan Nehri'nin sol kıyısında yer almaktadır.
圖書館將增設休閑閱讀區、展覽區、演講區及小組討論區。
İlçenin nüfusu 50 547 insan.
It also happened at lunchtime on a Tuesday compared to before dawn on a Saturday, which meant that more people were outside and in danger of being injured by falling buildings.
Wichita Transit also has a paratransit service.
One reason is because it is not a fixed two part quality.
在1954年以前，F22/21次列车在美因茨－
Moynahan, Brian 2003, William Tyndale: If God Spare my Life, London: Abacus.
The company held an unusual press conference where different journalists were invited to Yoyogi, which is Tokyo's major park.
To this day, about 300 species native to the Red Sea have been identified in the Mediterranean Sea, and there are probably others still unidentified.
清初八旗兵以弓箭為主要射擊武器，清中葉鳥銃兵逐漸取代弓兵，19世紀中葉弓箭則完全廢除。
張傳敬於1858年（咸豐8年）
They find Westley's body and bring him to a folk healer, called Miracle Max.
Flintlocks were the main firearm for the next 200 to 300 years before being replaced by percussion cap guns.
During this time he released The Girl From the Coast, another semi-fictional novel based on his grandmother's own experience (volumes 2 and 3 of this work were destroyed along with his library in 1965).
Another number system is more common for machines.
亦作“修虵”、“脩蛇”，传说能吞下象。
"Johnson Trojans", Garden City Telegram, 14 October 1978, p.8.
剑的名字是畏惧其威力的人类起的。
Some of the tribesmen now wear European-style clothing.
During this essay he insists that children have sexual urges.
Her work on cancer epidemiology was continued by Richard Doll and Austin Bradford Hill.
切斯特菲爾德的座標為coord ，而該地最高點為海拔高度180米（即591英尺）。
Africana: The Encyclopedia of the African and African American Experience, eds.
Other calendar systems from many different parts of the world are also used.
RNA genomuna sahip insan hepatit delta virüsü viroidlere benzer fakat hepatit B virüslerinde bir protein kılıf elde eder ama kendisi bu kılıfı replike ettiremezler, bu nedenle bu etkene defektif virüsdenmektedir.
They also have a dark line directly down their spine.
He left Germania to their own feuds.
He missed out playing in the 2017 ‘FIFA Confederations Cup,’ as he had to undergo a corrective surgery to overcome his chronic nasal congestion problem.
The 1952–53 season began with Richard in close pursuit of Nels Stewart's all-time NHL record of 324 goals.
This is called "quenching".
This claim has recently been made for Yamoussoukro Basilica, which has a lower dome but has a taller cross Its inside diameter is 41.47 metres (136.06 ft), just slightly smaller than those of the Pantheon and the Florence Cathedral.
She has reached the "final stage."
The Rains Came is a 1939 American romantic adventure drama movie directed by Clarence Brown and is based on the novel of the same name by Louis Bromfield.
The Septuagint was used as the starting point for some later translations of the Bible.
船閘使约塔河适合航行，令很大的货船也可以通过。
He and Ashelin usually work together.
Din ile mitoloji arasındaki içleyici yakın ilişki sebebiyle belirli bir nesne her iki kümenin de elemanı olabilir.
There, she studied singing with Elvira de Hidalgo, and made her debut while still a teenager with the Athens Opera in 1939.
到1990年，這家公司已成为美國公司和外国组织的主要main之一。
In this way, NP problems may be thought of as being like riddles: it may be hard to come up with the answer to a riddle, but once one hears the answer, the answer seems obvious.
The term is a measure of an individual voter's (or group of voters') willingness to do something.
A lot of people watched it.
This narrative begins years before, when the narrator’s honorable character is well known and celebrated.
獸迷互相交流時，常常會用自己創作、或是請別人設計的設定來作為自己的身分在網絡上交流，而非現實中的身分。
A Winner Takes All match is where the champion challenge another champion for his/her championship in a "champion vs. champion" stipulation.
The Arab invasion of Egypt and the last 30 years of the Roman dominion.
Faxian (337 – c. 422) was a Chinese Buddhist monk.
Ilse Koch (22 September 1906 – 1 September 1967), was the wife of Karl-Otto Koch.
He was thought to be the "next big thing," but soon left the club.
However, it may sometimes find its prey away from the swarms.
A proxy server is called an open proxy if everyone can connect to it and use it.
Evelyn, diğerlerine bir sinyal olarak evin dış ışıklarını kırmızıya çeviren bir düğmeye basar ve kasılmaları sırasında sessiz kalmaya çalışır.
The number of Latin Americans and Asians is more than ever.
The Perfection Valley is in danger.
This is also called the devaluation of values, which means losing the worth of those values.
快斗因此開始了與神秘組織的交鋒，試圖阻止他們的野心。
The shape of the estuaries and tidal flats varies considerably from the dry season to the wet season.
PingOO was created by the CRI (Centre des Resources Informatiques) in Haute-Savoie (France).
"The Spirit World (Winter Solstice, Part 1)".
The stock exchange lists 141 businesses.
It is the language spoken in the province of Pangasinan.
James Industries had dropped their Slinky Dog from production, but Betty James liked the new Slinky Dog.
得兵钤于元女，吞戎韬于黄石，龙飞晋水，凤翥河干。
"Hit 'Em Up" is considered to be one of the greatest "diss songs" ever recorded because of the explicit lyrics and the seriousness of violent intent by 2Pac and his friends towards their rivals.
Rams once explained his design approach in the phrase "lang" meaning "Less, but better."
Ulysses 1885-1909 From Boom to Bust; compiled by The Historic Adobe Museum Staff of Ulysses, Kansas; 2009.
They do not reproduce hesitating discourse markers, like “uhm”, “err”, “hmm”.
She edited This Bridge Called My Back: Writings By Radical Women of Color with Cherríe Moraga.
Cinchoism can be caused by medical doses of quinine or quindine.
They are friendly towards private businesses and support economic growth by making taxes smaller, so that more people can start businesses.
By 750 AD, the people were building mesa-top villages made of adobe.
It was all about blind focus.
Confinement and Ethnicity: An Overview of World War II Japanese American Relocation Sites (National Park Service, 2011) p. 330.
BBC Three was described by the BBC as a channel for 'New drama, talent, comedy, films, and accessible news'.
Vesicles are also more commonly known as nuclear membranes, because their very similar to the cell membrane.
Ölümü resmi olarak intihar dense de, onu tanıyan birçok kişi aşırı dozun kazara olduğunu iddia etti.
He was born in Carrickmacross and trained at the Dublin Metropolitan School of Art.
Bağışıklık sistemi, eski çağlardan bu yana ilgi çeken bir konu olmuş, insanlar tarih boyunca bazı bağışıklık yöntemleri bile geliştirilmiştir.
This formula basically states that the multiplication of complex numbers is related to addition of angles.
"Fan vaulting" like this, at King's College Chapel, is only found in England.
除了產生較低級別的燈光之外，錯配的燈泡和鎮流器會停止工作，或者甚至會立即燒毀。
Illena killed one person in Mexico.
There is no proof that any of these ideas are right.
Some fans blocked roads and threw rocks at the company's windows.
唐赛儿举事，规模较小，前后不过一个月就被平定，但发生于明朝“
By his conspicuous gallantry at the cost of his life, in the highest traditions of the military service, Sfc.
None of the 304 people on board the aircraft is seriously injured.
Since the cockpit is above the main deck, it makes a "hump", and because it is so high, the plane can have a cargo door installed at the front.
運動能力很差，很容易跌倒，跑步的速度也很慢。
They are arranged by where the river flows.
It was founded in 1976.
This novel won the Portuguese PEN Club Award.
Then, let the keypress key go, and press the letter they want.
Aside from covering a large number of treatments, the papyrus also has information on a broad range of ailments from intestinal complaints and eye problems to depression or other mental disorders.
」說兇手名字就在其中，謝小娥問遍親友，無人能解。
Typically, all of the sweat does not evaporate, but rather runs off your skin.
The fourth level of the league system is the state league (Landesliga).
The movie begins with an exciting battle scenario, using modern computer graphics.
Of that, convert is land and convert (1.2%) is water.
It first aired in October 1992.
Praetorius was so shocked about the torture of the accused woman that he demanded a stop.
The team are able to keep track of what species of lady beetles are located in what regions.
Under the terms of the deal, Turner would immediately sell MGM's United Artists back to Kerkorian.
Note (22): St. David's historically had city status because of the presence of St David's Cathedral.
There were no "users", everyone could do everything.
She describes it as a "depressing" and "dramatic" piece.
換言之，除非父母為唐氏綜合症的「帶有者」，否則不會因為誕下了一個唐氏綜合症嬰兒，而有較高風險再次誕下唐氏嬰兒。
福益华的本科教育就读于耶鲁大学。
、慕容鑒，愛諸姬子慕容麟、慕容農、慕容隆、慕容柔、慕容熙。
，為3歲平地競賽馬匹最重要比賽。
But she must not speak until the last one has been finished.
Males are larger than females.
There were numerous reports of damage but fortunately no deaths were reported, although there were several reports of injuries and people missing.
Garner Ted also started the Garner Ted Armstrong Evangelistic Association.
Gnaeus Naevius was another Roman playwright of the late third century BC.
They had been there even before various waves of newcomers had arrived from the Babylonian or Mesopotamian provinces of Sassanian Persia."
A painting of Baiame in "Baiame's cave", near Singleton, NSW.
It was nominated for 2 Oscars at the Academy Awards in 1978.
Since the first round of the playoffs consists of 16 teams in 8 series, there will always be 8 teams in this list, the winners of those series.
In 2001 there were 1,115 people living in Hawes.
到了1994年底，全球網站數量仍然相對稀少，但是很多main已經相當活躍，這些網站已經預示或者啟發了當今最流行的服務。
He grew up in Teaneck, N.J., with school-teacher parents."
Included at the beginning is a short intro.
Yayın tarihi 7 Şubat 2008 tarihinde erişilmiştir 71'i (biri köpek) üç parçaya ayrılan uçaktan kurtuldu.
Under social liberalism, the good of the community is viewed as harmonious with the freedom of the individual.
The museum building has a three-level base building that is closed to the public and provides staff workspace and storage areas.
The monarch has total power to make any law just by deciding it.
His career lasted from 1970 to 1984.
They then changed the engine to continue flow a large amount of gas through the exhaust when the driver let off the throttle in the corners.
Fork-tailed drongos use deceptive mimicked alarm calls to steal food Proc.
Period of geological time is named for Valangin.
İzmir Kız Lisesi'nde öğrenci mevcudu artık gittikçe artmıştır.
Sardar Sikandar Hayat Khan graduated from Gordon College (Rawalpindi)in 1956.
Allied intelligence services said that the Germans were unable to launch any major attacks this late in the war.
Khalil is an exiled Bangladeshi journalist living in Sweden.
According to Ghulam, the promised Mahdi was a spiritual, not military leader as is believed by most Muslims.
By the end of 1204, John had 45 large ships available to him, and from then on an average of four new ones every year.
Coleman became the first broadcaster to receive the Olympic Order award.
Their passenger seats were an improvement on former types.
This happens to about one in every five people with C. diff infection.
He is sorry for that.
八日，也先大举入寇，兵锋锐甚。
About four fifths of the Axis soldiers killed in World War II died on the Eastern Front.
It is the 12th biggest congressional district in the United States.
Barzee was Mitchell's legal wife.
It opened on 22 December 2013.
How forlorn we were if the carrier was late!"
It was a gesture between the two groups.
Her brother dies from terror.
All units were inspected after the 1978 Miyagi earthquake when the seismic ground acceleration was 0.125 g (1.22 m/s 2 ) for 30 seconds, but no damage to the critical parts of the reactor was discovered.
"Kuruçay" anlamına gelmektedir.
Days later, with the withdrawal of the already completed structure, the control body reiterated the request for restitution of the railway material before 30 days and threatened to initiate legal actions.
In Camp No. III, which housed about 3,000 prisoners, there was not enough shelter for everyone.
Sixty-nine of them are found only there.
多名傷者送往鄰近醫院救治，多名傷患在疏散過程中吸入一氧化碳，
Such generators include the stop-and-go generator, the alternating step generator and the shrinking generator.
在离散情况下，上述公式等于下面这个公式。
They have five children: adopted daughter Rebecca, John Luke, Sadie, adopted son Will (Li'l Will), and Bella.
They are "colored" troops.
Erken Hanedan dönemine (yaklaşık olarak MÖ 25. veya 24. yüzyılda) tarihlenen bu mezarlar, değerli metallerden ve yarı değerli taşlardan yapılmış muazzam miktarda lüks eşyalar içeriyordu.
This desert animal can go for weeks without water; it gets much of its water from the plants it eats.
The prize wedge is a prize announced before the first round.
Unlike the other states of matter, the charged particles in a plasma will react strongly to electric and magnetic fields (i.e. electromagnetic fields).
He wrote articles for the school newspaper, he edited the school yearbook and he wrote his first short stories and plays.
速度滑冰项目的测试赛 citation 。
A picture showing what x and x + h mean on the curve.
But recently, ready-made stock, pre-mixed with seasoning used to flavor sukiyaki is sold all over Japan, so the border is no longer clear.
凭借着霍尔茨基兴车站拥有的额外10条轨道，慕尼黑中央车站共最大限度的获得了36条轨道。
It was called The Mutineers: a tale of old days at sea and of adventures in the Far East as Benjamin Lathrop set it down some sixty years ago.
Another dictionary may have some other words that the other dictionary does not have.
She married him in 2000.
Senna tried to pass Nannini on lap 64 and tipped Nannini into a spin and retirement.
言論隨即引起部份人喝倒采，而旁聽席有市民高呼「曾蔭權你有冇（沒有）良知？
Nevertheless, Chuvash legends refer to Bulgarian prince Khusan (Chuvash rendering of Muslim name Hassan) and Chuvashes call this city Хусан after the name of this prince.
Mali birikimler tükendi, Bizanslılar, Pers savaşından gazi kalanlara ödeme yapmak ve yeni asker almakta güçlük çektiler.
OGame won the bronze Superbrowsergame Award in 2006.
This category has articles on people who were born in the year 679.
早班高峰时段的人潮以从东郊前往巴黎为主，以巴黎前往东郊为副，晚班高峰恰好相反。
Also, the syllable-words can be held behind different syllable-words - like the articles in English.
The M4 is a gas-operated, shoulder-fired weapon.
In November 1793, King left the island for ten days to take the men back home.
Kusturica, ülkedeki yabancıların entegrasyon ve eğitimine yönelik, mevcut politikaların değişmesine yönelik faaliyet gösteren Machen wir uns STARK isimli sivil inisiyatif girişimine destek vermektedir.
Soon it is ordered to shoot PK.
One of the first things he did as king was to appoint his son Athelstan, King of Kent.
The last episode aired on December 18, 2014.
，聆听百鸟齐鸣的壮丽景观，亦可欣赏最具五邑特色的民歌——
This helps in digging through the soil.
教會領袖會因應時代與社會的變遷而提出忠告，並提醒成員遵守誡命，以獲得來自於神的祝福。
Schemers also try to make sure new investors can't take their money back, by making the rules tighter.
They established a workshop there at Monkwearwolf.
His sister, Alice James, was also a writer.
The song was released on November 9, 1998.
Ten Thirteen Productions produced the series The X-Files, Millenium, Harsh Realm, and The Lone Gunmen.
On January 2, 1926, Horowitz played his first concert outside of Russia.
Johnson began a "war on poverty".
蔡龙云（1928年11月27日－2015年12月19日），别名神拳大龙 citation ，男，
Note: The table of contents only applies when the list is sorted by park name.
Usually, no treatment is needed for a miscarriage.
Even though the Model T sold for little money, Ford used the best materials he could buy to make his car.
Brian Anthony Howe (22 July 1953 6 May 2020) was an English rock singer-songwriter and guitarist.
The term “folk music” is usually used for European and American music which is part of an oral tradition.
Cedar Fair was created in 1983.
That building is the world's first purpose-built museum.
People do not always write about their religions at first, so this religion may be much older.
It was released on December 11, 2001.
That year, a song about Robinson by Buddy Johnson, "Did You See Jackie Robinson Hit That Ball?", reached number 13 on the charts.
It moved towards the northwest along Mexico, and it quickly gained strength.
At 19 years old, he dropped to drop out of college and start writing professionally.
The village has one primary school and various sporting places, such as a tennis hall and an outdoor sports arena.
Sad and confused, all the lovers fall asleep.
Beowulf and his men stay the night in Heorot.
In XHTML the rule is that tags that do not have an closing tag must close themselves within the initial tag.
This is a part of the law that means the law is only in place for a certain time.
Because its origin in Ancient Greek was ζῷον, written with the long 'o' first.
After four years with this club he went one to an Israelian top club Hapoel Tel Aviv, because his old club was relegated to the second league.
，并将于下周在波兰发布，随后在其他欧洲国家，
While some of the prophecies in the bible about future events are hard to understand, the moral warnings from Jesus are not hard to understand.
当天30名西路军干部获释，随后又有210多人获释。
's head may enhance olfaction by spacing the nostrils further apart.
Foster started his football career at Racing Club Warwick and in 2001, secured his first transfer to Stoke City.
The monitoring operations are usually performed regularly.
This union between England and Scotland in 1707 formed the United Kingdom of Great Britain, which merged Scotland and England into one kingdom.
In the September 2005 Bundestag election the PDS was in coalition with WASG (
It was nominated for 3 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1931.
A function is like a machine you can put a number (or numbers) into and get a certain number (or numbers) out.
It was nominated 3 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1930.
By this time Wesson's three sons, Walter H., Frank L., and Joseph H., were active in the company.
The 1899 book "The River War" by Winston Churchill explains each of the cataracts.
，前翅外线成锯齿形，后翅后缘平直。
It contains a wildlife park (Willers Mill, a.k.a. Shepreth Wildlife Park), a nature reserve (Shepreth L-Moor) and one of the UK's only insect research laboratories.
The new generation was especially proud of the Swedish contributions to American democracy and the creation of a republic that promised liberty and ended slavery.
Staunton 7 Aralık 2000 tarihinde başka bir dönüşle bu sefer eski takımı Aston Villa'ya bedelsiz olarak transfer oldu.
Scrooge comes to America.
The road that runs through Tunley is the B3115.
This custom was believed to bring peace to the dead person.
尽管如此，埃及人还是认真对待这一威胁，在战争前夕，10月5日深夜，
It is so large it is made in 18 pieces that fold together during the launch, so that it can fit into a rocket.
It examines how Nokia tapped into the emerging markets like China, India and the MEA while turning its back towards markets like Europe, Japan and the USA.
Clarence “Jeep” Jones (April 17, 1933 – February 1, 2020) was an American community activist.
During World War II it officially became RAF Ringway, and from 1975 until 1986 the title Manchester International Airport was used.
She retired end of 2017 season.
He tells Dorothy that someone had spread rumours about her behaving badly but nobody believed them anymore and it was safe for Dorothy to return home.
到2017年，伴随着凝聚态物理中拓扑绝缘体的发展，光子晶体拓扑绝缘体和光子外尔晶体也都相继实现。
，则是19世纪在欧洲盛极一时的现实主义文学蜕变的产物。
He is buried in the Great Bend Cemetery in Great Bend, Kansas.
，很少找蔣中正，蔣中正始終未曾與邱吉爾、
As of 2016, 8,619 people lived there.
Bundesrat members must vote as their state government tell them.
The city of Białystok has existed for five centuries.
Yingluck was Thailand's first female Prime Minister and its youngest in over 60 years.
He was 70. citation He is buried in West Chester, Pennsylvania.
It follows the story of two children, Lyra Belacqua and Will Parry.
该桥开建于2019年1月9日 citation 并于11月22日全面开工 citation ，2020年1月2日主塔两个首节钢沉井 citation ，
安德鲁要求两人结婚后玛格丽特必须提升自己为编辑，并帮忙出版他的书，后者同意了。
同年，摩尔在纽约的现代艺术博物馆举办回顾展。
It is also called lithium azanide.
In addition, Lena Gulch, a tributary of Clear Creek to the north, flows east then north through the extreme northwestern part of the city.
'Your grace' is used for a Duke.
This story focuses on a team of ten parasites part of "Squad 13".
隨身帶著名片，曾派發給李靖卻因字體不端被誤認為「太2真人」。
The main characteristics (attributes) of a substance from Benedict Spinoza are thinking and stretch.
高尔察克在一线的4个集团军和1个集团军级集群都遭受到了严重打击，西集团军和西伯利亚集团军被击溃，卡佩利军、汉任集团军、哥萨克白军的奥伦堡集团军、乌拉尔斯克集团军也遭受严重损失。
The Federal Assembly was the lower house with a tenure of five years.
如果有人呼吸急促，則應考慮插管的可能。
然而之後又撈到同樣的木頭，於是漁民們又再次將之丟棄。
Convicted of treason, Seo Jae-Pil lost his whole family and had to flee Korea to save his life.
People who start businesses, or invest in businesses, can make a lot of money.
This act shocked the religious conscience of Mesopotamia.
The other Reaver ships chase after them.
The flux changes when B changes or when the wire loop is moved or bent, or when both happen.
Is the first fan-club of cars Porsche.
The noisy buzz they make is the male calling to the female using his vibrating panels, called tymbals, on his sides.
The actual singer does not appear on screen.
。 citation 2014年8月24日（第一轮），
Başlangıç popülasyonu oluşturulmuş genetik algoritma üç evrim operatörüyle çalışır.
Construction began in 1964.
Von Geisler offers a toast to the new person.
Europe is relatively rich in fossils from the Jurassic-Cretaceous boundary, and much of what is known about European dinosaurs dates from this time.
This means the actors have to be loud enough for the audience to hear them.
因为英国国内不需要，1950年和1951年发行的一便士硬币只用于殖民地。
In Queen of Angels and Slant, Bear gives a detailed description of a near-future nanotechnological society.
As such, they are today the major foreign exchange earning resource for Pakistan.
They need sunlight, and by being higher up they get to the sunlight.
N. Littauer讲席教授。
The climate in the Hunsrück is characterised by rainy weather.
Nico saves the day when she throws a handbag of C4 (from Khan) onto some burning gunpowder.
Siyasi otoritelerin sebep olduğu yasal zorlamalardan dolayı Dream of the Rarebit Fiend isimli karikatür gazetesinde Silas takma adıyla çalışmak zorunda kaldı.
Lindsey is a Member of the US Ski Team and has been on the World Cup Circuit since December 21, 2000.
Harris released the single "Summer" in 2014.
He used to be a student of Walter.
Martinez, Baldwin Lisesi'nden mezun olmuştur.
Arthur and Roger Kornberg are the sixth father and son to win Nobel Prizes.
Some give up and go home.
As of 2016, 5,954 people lived there.
DZBB (pronounced DZ-double-B; 594 kHz AM), branded as GMA Super Radyo DZBB 594 is a news talk radio station.
In July 1934, Nazi Germany passed the Law for Simplification of the Health System.
氢键键能大多在25-40kJ/mol之间。
ESPN專家斯坦（Marc Stein）據消息來源指出，老將邁克-米勒（Mike Miller）被拓荒者裁掉後，有望與金塊簽下1年合約。
Painted a maroon colour, she is now the only one of twenty locomotives to remain preserved in working order.
Cinsel saldırı suçlamasıyla tutuklanan Strauss-Kahn, kurumu korumak ve zamanını masum olduğunu kanıtlamak için harcamak üzere 18 Mayıs'ta istifa ettiğini bildirdi.
They decide to give a relationship a try.
He was born in Bula, Portuguese Guinea.
Justin and the Knights of Valour is a 2013 Spanish computer animated comic epic movie produced by Kandor Graphics for Entertainment One Films.
Bazı kesimler bunu uzaylıların Antik Yunan'dan ilham alarak yaptığı bir heykel olarak vurgulamıştır.
The Azerbaijan Railways was made from the Soviet Railways.
In 1974 she starred as Amber in Son of Dracula.
The single reached No.7 in the Swedish Singles Chart.
It is soft and ductile.
A century egg is not really 100 years old.
The video for "LoveWave" premiered on March 2, 2016.
In 2005 she joined Prawo i Sprawiedliwość (Law and Justice) and she was elected the deputy of Polish parliament.
Only Taitō is smaller.
It was decided that they should have the same date as New Zealand, so the date line runs east of the meridian there.
The temple is daily visited by about 50,000 to 1,00,000 devotees.
透過預約制活動，學者與民眾輕鬆聊天，一方面對各類天文迷思問題提供解答，一方面以研究心得和學習經驗回饋社會。
Phylogenetic insights into the evolution of parasitism in Hymenoptera".
Verónica continued her work with the troops by visiting the wounded at Camp Lejeune.
The Bering Sea is home to some of the world's most interesting wildlife.
Lübnan’daki Şii Yüksek Meclisi yetkilileri Libya Büyükelçiliği’nden durum hakkında bilgi istediler.
He had his high point of worship in the Old Kingdom.
The town is named after its founder, Yasin Khan Pathan.
Players can play as 11 characters.
The book was written during the 14th century.
法国选民在第一轮选举中踊跃投票，投票率高达83.
Every nation needs literature of high quality for its own uplift.
Dabotap is well known for its feminine and sophisticated beauty.
In a similar way, water-side economization works with air from the outdoors and is commonly used with evaporation processes.
In 2007, indictments were issued against Hills and Sanchez.
一般的说法是“Ba'al Zəbûb”直译即“苍蝇王” citation citation citation citation citation ，
Several computer products are sold unter the brand.
Water poured in on top turns the screw.
He made 25 appearances there, scoring twice.
When British people came to live in Australia, they decided that the land was empty: that nobody "owned" the land, in the way Europeans used that word.
新增确诊病例中，万州区5例、涪陵区1例、渝中区3例、九龙坡区4例、南岸区1例、綦江区2例、潼南区2例、垫江县2例、巫山县1例、两江新区1例。
Spring breakup of sea ice on the Chukchi Sea.
In 1984, Jackson weighed 105 pounds.
Later sign a contract with the Distriubuidora Belgrano.
The female has a small white patch on the fore wing.
They usually wore a tunic around the waist.
Over the course of his political career, Shurberg fought for the voting rights of minorities and young people, the civil rights of LGBT individuals, and for pro-choice causes.
Most of the historic counties continue to form part of the local government structure, often with reformed boundaries.
Their architecture often includes a corridor of access that can be constructed usins stone slabs or dry stones.
Hossa signed a 12-year contract with the Chicago Blackhawks that's worth 62.8 million dollars.
而小型除雪轨道车原则上只属于线路养护机械，因此即使没有铁路车辆操作者许可的人士，在经过必要的操作训练后也能够驾驶，所以这些铁道公司也倾向使用除雪轨道车以节省成本。
On 18 September 2014, Samar met with the High Commissioner of Human Rights, Prince Zeid bin Ra'ad.
For the test, He used a 2.5 meter long pole antenna with a tent pole called ' l'antenna centrale ' in Italian.
When the sugar reaches cells that need it, the cells actively transport sugars out of the sieve-tube elements.
陳俊良（1942年4月－2016年12月24日），
A review was also written by Werner Kutzelnigg.
They each say that they are in love, and soon to be married.
Lammtarra at the Arrow Stud (2002).
I brought him down, but I didn't kill him."
It has 330 departments covering one million square feet ( 90,000 m 2 ) of retail space.
He became a British citizen in 1939.
A cache is made up of many entries, called a pool.
，时任42军125师副师长，任第一支队长兼政委，他带领第一支队开展游击战，夜袭交通要道。
It influences many decisions but it is hard to trust.
Led by 343 Guilty Spark the player makes their way to the centre of the Ark where the Covenant leader, the Prophet of Truth is preparing to fire.
While out of politics, Pierce continued local and statewide activities.
This slowed down arrival of the rescue troops.
The movie is about a teacher, Andrew, having a failed life.
The only complete remaining Comet 1 is displayed at the RAF Museum Cosford.
Zdzisław Koniuch is the founder and the president of the club.
Greg Smith citation cited Butler as a significant influence on their style.
The treasure was found by an unknown person in June 2020.
，不少將領都藉此索取官職，幼文就求黃門郎，但卻為明帝拒絕，認為他們這樣是藉國難違反朝廷典章，並無臣節。
The house in the movie was the one they had shared.
The main music genres which make up the album are pop, folk and ska.
She is the only woman to have been appointed to this position.
通嫔（1664年－1744年），姓烏拉那拉氏通嬪並非葉赫那拉氏，二等輕車都尉、都統瑚錫布的玄孫女，名詹吉邁。
The Central Australian Football League has several teams and many people play.
But if they go somewhere else, the rules might change.
Pluto was a planet, from 1930 to 2006.
'nun kurulması ile adı değiştirildi.
She was the author of the best-selling book The Breakthrough: Politics and Race in the Age of Obama.
Standing near a fire will make the player more hot, and standing under a tree will make the player less hot.
Wikipedia.org readability scores aligned at the higher readability range for both terms, with scores above the 14 grade level for ‘liposuction’, and above grade 15 for ‘breast reconstruction’".
Japan Air System merged with Japan Airlines in 2002.
It is the largest species of Mecodema found on Maungatautari, which also has the medium-sized M. curvidens inhabiting the forest.
It is a mixture of bread and "あん" a Japanese traditional sweet made from beans.
Confection (having both syphilis and HIV) is common.
His legacy remains hotly debated and contested both in Indonesia and abroad.
There is also an air pressure gauge to show how much air is left in the tank.
When Verdi composed Falstaff he was not writing it for a commission.
Because of this uncertainty and other factors, you cannot use classical mechanics (the physics that describe how large objects move) to predict the motion of quantum particles.
Kuratowski, ünlü İskoç Kitabı (Scottish Book) 1935'te başlamadan önce, 1934'te Lwów'dan Varşova'ya gitti, dolayısıyla ona herhangi bir problem katmadı.
Eleanor, Catherine'e ağabeyi Frederick'İn Isabella ile evlenmeye niyeti olmadığını söyler.
The correct response given by Avi was "What is Tea?"
He won the Hungarian League and the Mitropa Cup.
Brown, Nicholas (1931) Durham Castle The Battle of Neville's Cross which took place near the city on 17 October 1346 between the English and Scots was the most famous battle of its age.
He returned to cycling, but never won a major race again.
Lester, N: "At the Heart of Shange's: An Interview", Black American Literature Forum, 24(4): 717–730.
There was a second edition in 1511.
The concerts were structured like a boxing match, where the two artists were able to exchange musical tours, and fans voted for their winner in each city via an application designed for the event.
Bakırköy, Egnatia yolunun sıfır noktasından, yani Ayasofya’nın yanı başındaki Milyon taşından 7 mil uzaklıkta, askeri ve siyasi açıdan güçlü bir merkezdi.
Its name, used since the thirteenth century in place of its more ancient name Segualeriae (Ségualières), refers to the silver mines in the area between the tenth and fifteenth centuries.
The information in SM is the "raw data" of a person's overall sensory experience.
The Sherman brothers (Robert B. and Richard M. Sherman) wrote the songs "Castaway", "Merci Beaucoup", "Let's Climb", and "Enjoy It".
He is very dumb, and has a bad time remembering the past.
，海拔高度127米，2001年人口5,330。
When driving along a road, the driver may see a space big enough for him to park his vehicle.
Bunun yanı sıra çeşitli tarım ürünleri de köyde yetiştirilmektedir, mesela: arpa, buğday, nohut, beyaz fasulye, mercimek, kavun, karpuz, mısır, soğan vs.
However, he was not much interested in it and left the university quickly.
The Flex had a new design which did not look like the Freestar any more.
The leaflet produced by the BBC warns parents not to practise Yogo with their children if they are or have been ill, and always to speak to a GP before starting the program.
Leila Belkora, Minding the Heavens: The Story of our Discovery of the Milky Way (Bristol: Institute of Physics, 2003), pp. 19–20 He gave the brightest stars a magnitude of 1 and increased the numbers for dimmer stars.
Adobe is one of the earliest building materials ever used. citation It is found all over the world.
In a far away, long ago kingdom, Cinderella is living happily with her mother and father until her mother dies.
As Neptune orbits the Sun, Triton's polar regions take turns facing the Sun for 82 years at a stretch, resulting in radical seasonal changes as one pole, then the other, moves into the sunlight.
Students have to do to 3 subjects at Higher Level (HL) and 3 subjects at Standard Level (SL).
Kitabesi olmaması nedeni ile yapım tarihi kesin olarak bilinmese de Selçuklular zamanında inşa edildiği düşünülmektedir.
Diesel trains were cheaper and easier to use than steam trains.
Newly snakes and single poles of theater decorate the theater and the shapes are shaped.
European colonists in Canada and the US did not treat Indigenous women right.
Bu izler, pistonlu ya da jet motorlarının normal olarak yaydıkları su buharının yüksek irtifalarda yoğunlaşması sonucu bulutlaşmayla meydana gelirler.
百佳超級市場致力透過網上商店和流動應用程式，結合科技、大數據及人工智能的生態系統, 爲顧客提供完善的O+O(線下及線上)體驗，讓顧客隨時隨地選購貨品。
The Metra Electric Line shares its trackage with Northern Indiana Commuter Transportation District's South Shore Line, which provides commuter service between South Bend and Chicago.
Recently, many new yōkai have been made.
The wave was found again on September 27 and was good enough to become Tropical Depression Eighteen.
They are also worried about how this game will change people's lives.
He joined the National Academy of Engineering in 1998.
He competed in 93 kg event at the 1965 and 1966 European Judo Championships.
It was closed because of it was too small to handle the growing number of flights to Croydon so Heathrow and Gatwick took over.
It was included in the video game SNK Arcade Classics Vol. 1, which was released for the Wii, PlayStation 2 and PSP in 2008.
The city of Offenbach is not a part of the district.
This Murrinh-patha mythology is based on a view of life that believes life is ".
Poppy, top view.
Tamino remains calm and brave.
Austin Aries had his breakout match in TNA tonight.
Lahore is Pakistan's top educational center.
He chaired the Police Council for the UK, the Association of Chief Police Officers training centres committee and the education committee of the National Police Fund.
Bu durumda bu iki dalga parçacığın “kuantum uyumu” halinde oldukları söylenir.
The young females leave the family and form their own groups and the males stay with the family.
The UK version ran from 2004 to 2012.
On October 28, 2013 Murray was released from prison.
At other times these places can get lots of rain.
The club results were also sluggish and finished at the 15th place of 18 clubs in 2012 season.
，其中1,523萬港元紙幣被途人拾走，其後陸續有拾遺者歸還失款及疑犯被拘捕，惟至今尚有近683萬港元紙幣不知所終。
The nature of his Quirk is only known by Izuku, the school principal, Recovery Girl, and a few other Pro Heroes (with Katsuki later finding it out), and must not be revealed at any cost in order not to destroy people's symbol of peace.
A phylogenomic study of birds reveals their evolutionary history.
分為預選賽、八強賽、四強賽及冠軍賽四個階段，另有表演賽，表演賽參賽隊伍不列入成績計算，本屆賽事共有12支戰隊參加（不含表演賽隊伍），各賽區種子隊伍（即各賽區之職業聯賽冠軍隊伍）直接保送八強賽，非種子隊伍則分為A、B兩組打預選賽，預選賽、八強賽及四強賽皆採雙敗淘汰循環賽BO3賽制，A組和B組獲勝前二名隊伍即可晉級八強賽，八強賽獲勝隊伍即可晉級四強賽，最後決選出冠軍賽的兩支隊伍，冠軍賽採BO7賽制，本屆賽事的每場比賽都可以禁用兩隻英雄角色。
Around four-fifths of the silk made is made up of cultivated silk.
現任主席為main citation 。
It was also said that men could be prevented from being injured by putting observers out who warned the troops of what angle the mortars were firing at.
If a contestant chooses to play for $1,000 per letter without spinning and calls a wrong letter, or takes too long to call a letter, it will count as a Bankrupt.
The main rivers of the department are Grande Rivière du Nord, Haut du Cap and Limbé.
，那麼他將在一個非正式屬於中國的領土上進行活動。
Downes and Horn worked on their second album, Adventures in Modern Recording.
On May 11, Georgia Attorney General Chris Carr put district attorney Joyette M. Holmes on the case.
国家林业局西北华北东北防护林建设局受国家林业局委托，承担国家“三北”防护林体系建设工程的组织实施工作。
Some sold millions of copies.
He was married to Marjorie Ullman from 1947 until they divorced in 1961.
He has been treasurer since April 25, 2017.
Although marketed as waterproof, most should not be submerged.
天卫十三(S/1986 U 4），又名羅斯蘭(Rosalind)，
The first Norseman who lived in Iceland was Flóki Vilgerðarson.
Japan at the Olympics is a history which includes 41 games in 22 countries and 3,000+ athletes.
All songs were arranged by The Clash.
There the German victory came when German general Hermann von François disobeyed orders and attacked the Russian flank.
It relates the entropy S of an ideal gas to the quantity W, which is the number of microstates corresponding to a given macrostate.
King said he would pay Bass six pence a pound, half the current price in Sydney.
，常生于海岸石壁，目前尚未由人工引种栽培。
The Event reached 10,800,000 people watching it for the first episode.
String theory says that this is wrong and that the simplest objects in the universe are shaped like pieces of string.
·动画100》上连载，且有番外篇《黑白无双PRO》 citation 。
Her alay en az 512, en fazla 1152 kişiden meydana gelecektir.
Axial-flow compressors use a series of fan-like rotating rotor blades to progressively compress the gasflow.
"The Fourth Wall and the Third Space" by John Stevenson, creator of Playback Theatre.
He was awarded the medal for an air engagement on April 19, 1967.
Very few parts except for some minor chassis parts stayed unchanged.
These gave passenger facilities, as well as an impressive frontage onto the street.
She tells young people to learn about Islam from their parents, not from the internet.
It is difficult to imagine that a translation error occurred here, especially when considering that ‘greater’ is ‘größer’ and ‘different’ is ‘unterschiedlich’ in German, respectively.
、個性和口音都會在整部影片中發生變化，以反映他的情緒 citation 。
Şeriat ile Batı hukuk anlayışı arasında İslamın bireysel haklar ve özgürlükler kavramına yer vermeyişi önemli bir çatışma kaynağı olarak öne çıkmaktadır.
Geologists can understand things that happened millions of years ago, by looking at the changes which are happening today.
Histrionics feel a strong need to receive a lot of appreciation, admiration and reassurance.
Their final status has yet to be determined.
The initial starting value is 3, and the interior angles of a triangle is degrees.
Possible uses include anonymous surfing, chatting, blogging and file transfers.
Jay was born on 15 July 1976.
Aardonyx'un bize gösterdiği şey ise dört ayak üzerinde yürümenin ve ağırlığı ayak içleri üzerinde taşımanın bu dinozorlarda tahmin edilenden daha önce başlamış olması".
According to Wendy Doniger, the Puranic Shiva is a continuation of the Vedic Indra.
地球的地殼是不斷的運動，而金星被認為無法維持這一過程。
McMahon apologized to Punk for the way that his firing happened, which he claimed was a "coincidence" while he blaming the lack of communication in the organization.
A city may be part of a county, but even if it is surrounded by a town that has more people than the city, it is not part of the town.
The real reason for his arrest was to stop him from addressing people to unite against the British rule.
The current president of the university is Jo Ann M. Gora.
，造成13人死亡；同年7月，一段隧道发生坍塌，造成了25人死亡，坍塌的路段无法修复，只能重新开凿一段新的隧道以绕过灾难地点。
However, they start to get mad at him because of what they had to give up.
总面积73平方公里，人口1226人，人口密度16.
He made the choir there into one of the best choirs in England.
Good fingering is fingering which avoids moving the hand up and down unnecessarily.
物業有21伙屬特色單位，包括8伙複式戶和13伙連平台戶，實用面積由324至1,743平方呎，複式戶以招標形式推售。
At first, he was afraid to shoot any balloons.
About 9.7 million people saw the episode when it was first shown on television.
A second anime television series by Madhouse aired on Nippon Television.
His wings retreat completely into his back.
However, IV medications will not last as long as medications given by mouth.
Males reach maturity at 2.3-3 metres (8-10 feet), while females become mature at 2.5-3.3 metres (8-11 feet).
Şiga toksin Stx1'in B altbirimlerinin hücre zarı tarafından bakıldığı haliyle görünümü.
A motion sensor detects physical movement in a given area.
She was divorced and had two children, Vladimír and Lucie.
He mainly dives from the 10 metre platform, both on his own and in synchro (diving at the same time with another person).
Unfortunately, the iPhone 3G and iPod Touch (2nd generation) have limited features, meaning that they can't multitask or have a wallpaper for the home screen.
Bolívar said that his people were in a position "lower than slavery", but many of them owned slaves themselves.
During the early part of Kalākaua's reign, he dismissed many cabinets and appointed new ones.
The Musical World of Cameron MacKintosh" – June 7, 1998, singing, among others, "Unexpected Song", "Being Alive" and "You Gotta Have a Gimmick" Stringer, Robin.
Males had a median income of $36,345 versus $29,905 for females.
目前的生活作息是早上五點起床後慢跑一個小時，七點半就去上學，放學後還要處理學生會的事務或是去打工直到七點半才回家，吃完晚餐後念書念到11點就去洗澡睡覺。
By 1964 the cigarette contained over 500 added chemicals.
There are about 6000 species of green algae.
They ate soft leaves, shoots, berries, and leaf matter picked up from the forest floor.
It was written by Kugane Maruyama and the picture in the series are drawn by so-bin.
At 8 pm, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center gave its development rating "low".
八大國樂團，是非原巨登大樂隊的原團員，前身為中廣國樂團，是因為八大的九點音樂線重新洗牌，最後中廣國樂團也退出了，後期製作《台灣望春風》才被命名為八大國樂團。
This Treaty possesses a spiritual significance far deeper than the text of the instrument itself."
The island was linked to the mainland by a small bridge with guards.
In 2006 he turned to join Arsenal.
Eureka Tower has 91 storeys and one floor underground.
John Julius Norwich, Byzantium; The Decline and Fall (New York: Alfred A. Knopf, 2000), p. 76 He decided to take back the city and began attacking the walls.
'nde bir devlet adamıdır.
CFA means Communauté Financière d'Afrique ("Financial Community of Africa") or Communauté Financière Africaine ("African Financial Community").
這個表格列出了每年亞洲客運量最多的機場。
By the 1980s and 1990s, business in Brantford was dropping and some companies like White Farm Equipment, Massey-Ferguson, Koering-Waterous, Harding Carpets, and others stopped making products.
Christine was notorious as much for her capricious rule as for her many lovers.
He had been in power for 37 years (
The Central Statistics Office (CSO) estimates that the rise in population in 2006 had 2,026 natural people and 5,179 people who migrated from both Ireland and the world.
Younha, her debut album, and was re-cut because it was the theme to the Bleach GC: Tasogare Ni Mamieru Shini Kami.
He had long hair and an earring.
He then retreated to Sarcoxie, Missouri.
My mind was made up: I was going to pass."
", but optical and analog image methods are still used.
公司网站称，据开卷监测数据，出版社的少儿美术图书在中国大陆市场占有率排名第一，低幼启蒙图书排名第二，游戏益智类排名第三，儿童文学类位居前五。
A pixel art image of "The Gunk."
She completed her undergraduate degree in Computer Information Science at Minnesota State University in Mankato.
Bu taslakta Scarlett Action Man ile evliydi fakat Duke'e beslediği hisler vardı ve Baroniçe tarafından öldürüldü.
Because of a traffic accident in 2009, he has a disability.
That book was published in 1959.
An example of this is that slavery is outlawed in all Republic planets.
Japanese forces in the north were on the Motobu Peninsula.
也有少數新製漢語取代日語借詞的例子，如「
It is used to make special glasses and ceramics, including the Mount Palomar telescope's 200 inch mirror.
The loser walks away.
The "Confessions Tour" was very successful and the "Sticky & Sweet Tour," with over $408 million earned, became the most successful tour of all time for a solo artist.
It had several hit songs, including "Hold On", "You Don't Have to Worry".
The Greater East Asia War was justified and righteous.
Karadžić was the child of Vuko and Jovanka Karadžić.
Players need faster reaction time when playing this mode than when shooting ducks.
Sidereal time is a "time scale based on Earth's rate of rotation measured relative to the fixed stars".
She was born October 7, 1942.
Despite the alcohol slowing the growth of the flies, it protects them from the wasps.
The river has been an important part of the lives of nearby people.
These cannot be integrated using the formula above (add one to the power, divide by the power), because adding one to the power produces 0, and a division by 0 is not possible.
In former versions he found that the attention was confused because he had used to many objects.
In 2019, 5,259 people lived there.
However, that is not where all the food is produced.
Note the letter P, which stands for practical.
He asked for more troops.
His mission in Spain was to improve the relationship between the Holy Roman Emperor, Emperor Charles V, and King Henry VIII of England.
In a medical setting they can give food supplements for those people who cannot get what they need because of swallowing problems.
道光十三年（1833年），尚格薨逝，朝廷賜予諡號為「簡」，
Rufus W. Mathewson, however, argues that Alyosha Karamazov is a more successful positive hero than Prince Myshkin.
Problems over money caused N.W.A to end.
Delilah wants to know the secret of his strength.
；而《洞窟物语》的增强版《洞窟物语+》
European states were quick to recognize Liberia as a state, but it took the US until 1862 to do so.
In the 1960 census, Avalon Park was 0% African American (only six of 12,710 residents).
藿膽丸为直径3mm的球形颗粒，外觀為黑色，味苦且有特異氣味，芳香化浊，清热通窍。
The current chancellor of the university is Paula Allen Mears.
，卡梅克称赞麦凯赋予蚊子特征与个性的出色功底cfn。
For instance, deciding who is allowed to be married.
Both teams joined the Smythe Division.
Keenan's parents divorced when he was three years old, and Michael moved away.
Its aim is to create full employment and price stability, by having the state promise to hire unemployed workers as an employer of last resort (ELR).
Over 80 are killed.
Mezuniyetini müteakip eğitim alanında çeşitli görevlerde bulunmuştur.
Mrs Grose tells the Governess that her letter to the uncle must have been stolen.
The deal was "upon the basis of Eisenstein's desire to be free to direct the making of a picture according to his own ideas of what a Mexican picture should be, and in full faith in Eisenstein's artistic integrity."
The main ride here is Soarin' Over California, a ride that simulates a hang glider tour of California.
There was a large leader cult, in Turkmenistan.
Woodward's discovery saved chemists from spending a lot of time using chemical methods to work out the structures of compounds.
It determines good and bad, better and best, same and different, consequences of current activities, working toward a goal, prediction of outcomes, and expectation of results.
Throughout his career, Nazrul wrote short stories, novels, and essays but is best known for his poems.
It was based on the play Gas Light.
根据苹果公司规定，如果软件开发商要在应用程序内解锁特性或功能（如订阅、游戏内货币、游戏关卡、优质内容的访问权限或解锁完整版等），则必须使用应用内购买（In-App Purchase，IAP）机制。2016年6月13日，蘋果公司对条款进行了修订，严格要求应用程序不得包含指引用户使用非IAP機制進行購買的按鈕、外部鏈接或其他行動號召用語 citation 。
Shortly before takeoff, American Airlines flight service manager Michael Woodward walked aboard for a final check.
When some admirers of Harry's say that he could sit with them, Harry declines, saying that Luna and Neville are cool.
After a conversation later on in which Will orders Nico to stay at the infirmary for three days of rest, Nico sees Percy and Annabeth and decides to clear the air between them, since they will be seeing a lot of each other in the next few years.
裴佗到了东荆州，单派一个使者前往说服劝慰，晓以祸福之理。
Further studies by others found similar results.
汉语动词已经丧失了变位等词形变化的特征，也不具有区分动词体貌的功能，因而不能仅仅通过功能动词结构就表达出一个动作的详细的特征，为了能够表达一个动词的体貌，在书写句子的过程中必须要添加一定的修饰成分才能进行表达，这类修饰成分通常为副词和动词等。
It grows to about 15.6 cm.
On 31 August 2016, the Senate removed President Rousseff from office by a 61–20 vote.
Filming took place from September to December 1981 on a budget of $10.5 million (equivalent to $25 million in 2019 dollars).
It first played only men's basketball, but added other sports in 1977 and became the Eastern Athletic Association.
The parts were falled at the 51 places in the Indian subcontinent area.
In 2010, 4,012 people lived there.
If the ground was breaking beneath your feet, your first reaction may be to run and jump to safety, and it's that moment where you are suspended in the air that I am focusing on.
Angel ise iblis ile dövüşürken bu defa kanının kendisine bulaşmasına engel olur ve insana dönüşmez.
It is used to describe the Mexican style of wrestling that consists of high-flying acrobatic wrestling moves.
海姆宰单独出现「ء」仅限于词尾以辅音结尾结尾，或者（之前遇到的和主字母相同的字母）以长元音结尾等不适合使用主字母的场合。
中华人民共和国建国后，最早的学术领袖是南国农（
It was released by Méliès's Star Film Company and is numbered 499–500 in its catalogues.
Sensational Designs: The Cultural Work of American Fiction, 1790–1860.
Parliament found more support in most cities, ports, richer parts of the country and southern and eastern England.sfnchecksfncheck People who were secretly Catholic mostly supported the King.
He was a frontrunner for the nomination during the first month of his campaign, but he did not do well in many of the debates.
Meanwhile, Timmy wishes that Vicky's family's 3-D glasses will make anything they hear and see scary.
This helped the guards see what was happening.
This amyloid beta (Aβ) is linked to changes in the structure of the brain and how it works that is the similar to what is seen in people with mild cognitive impairment (MCI) - which may lead to Alzheimer's - and people with Alzheimer's.
In 2011, Womack returned for a second turn as The Bachelor.
饰 華登·史密特：艾伦的朋友，一開始因為妻子鬧離婚而欲跳海，但海水太冷也只能作罷！
Usually people who go to a concert have to pay an admission charge.
Their tears have healing powers.
The United States broke away from England in 1776-1783, but was not an important country at that time.
It is the fifth-largest city.
People that are registered officially with a non-binary gender will be able to use the suffix -bur ("child of") instead of -son or -dóttir.
Additionally, Michael Jackson was one of Lee’s music idols as a teenager and considers him to be highly inspirational.
Young Arthur was the one to do it.
The Stukas destroyed 41 of the 106 Soviet tanks that were destroyed that morning.
The Turners get overboard on an island.
Within a few hours the cattle had been captured and the Confederates were on their way back to their own lines.
He tells the true and gives the money.
He died at 2.00pm.
This was because, more venues had booked Selena to perform and attendance to her concerts were growing.
從1987年至1994年，沒有列車廣播，除了裕廊東轉換站廣播。 citation 駕駛員必須自己發出廣播，特別是當靠近地鐵站時。
The Vermilion Bird is one of the Four Symbols of the Chinese constellations.
Vegetarian Society de elbiseyi kınadı ve "Ne kadar güzel sunulmuş olursa olsun, işkenceye uğramış bir hayvanın eti işkenceye uğramış bir hayvanın etidir.
On September 11, Iniki peaked as Category 4 hurricane and hit Hawaii with wind of 145 mph.
The first time term limits prevented someone from running again was in 2002.
Recordings are sometimes remastered, to copy them to another format, or to make them sound better.
Refrigeration units were not used as often in the morning on standard time.
The Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship is divided into 23 counties (
In 1995 season, the club won the 2nd place and was promoted J1 League.
Then, when that person learns new information they adjust their answer around their original guess.
This time is called a season.
The departments of the council use a badge, and it is the badge which is painted on council vehicles etc. to identify them.
A pass has the general form of a saddle between two mountains.
It was written and presented by Žižek.
Eggs are added, then the other ingredients.
As of July 2011, two construction projects kept the Dome from falling.
A simple way of combining the parts to make black powder rocket propellant is: 75% potassium nitrate, 10% sulphur, and 15% charcoal.
However, it became clear, even to some members of the Supreme Court, that dying in an electric chair was very painful.
The snow and ice starts to move down a valley that has been made by a fast-flowing stream.
;Stories Short stories unless otherwise noted.
A political appointment sent Hawthorne and his family to Europe.
前353年，齊國大敗魏國於桂陵。
Satan grants her first wish and offers her another, saying the first wish was unrelated to Margarita's own desires.
It was reprinted many times with different titles.
It was first performed on 22 January 1934 at the Leningrad Maly Theatre.
Undesirable recessive alleles from one parent are suppressed by dominant alleles from the other.
They met when Hotaru was six in a forest.
Saint Nizamuddin Auliya, a Sufi saint got angry with the king's decision.
She also won a BAFTA Award for her performance in the television serial Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit (1990).
As they grow in size they become covered with stinging spines.
The companies must prove the oils' use is safe.
这次旱灾影响范围广，持续时间长，中国各路媒体都作了大量的跟踪报道及专题讨论，反响非常大，中国高层也非常重视，
He studied at Chapel Street Junior School.
Both the schools and the USDA began to depend on the relationship.
In 2004, she auditioned in the talent show StarStruck Season 2 of GMA Network along with fellow stars Megan Young, Mike Tan, and LJ Reyes.
Cengiz Beray'a bebek kimden olursa olsun evlenmek istediğini,bir daha kimseyi böyle sevemeyeceğini söyler.
Many things in Pompeii are very well preserved.
Retrieved on 21 January 2009.
Gilmore signed an executive order reducing state spending by all agencies, except for education, to keep the state's budget balanced during the economic downturn.
Rishiswar, Sanadhya, Kanyakubj, Telang, Saryupareen, Bhumihar, Goswami, Tyagi, and Saraswati are the main streams of Brahmin.
Pernicious anemia is a medical problem that causes a person to have too few red blood cells (
The judge agreed with Bhat.
The movie was positively welcomed from both audience and film critics.
In the 1500s, Italian gardeners built structures for the tropical plants that explorers brought back to Italy.
According to EN ISO 13850, the kill switch has to be red on a yellow background.
In the 1990s, the opera was officially renamed "Staatsoper Unter den Linden".
为了恢复“双百”方针理论基础的本来面目并推动其进一步发展完善，他先后在《光明日报》和《求是》杂志等报刊上发表了系列论文。
The traditional view of Seti I's wars was that he restored the Egyptian empire after it had been lost in the time of Akhenaten.
He was a member of team Domino-Honvéd.
From 1987 until 2001, the race was scheduled in November as the final race of the NASCAR season.
Many scientists believe that Rigel is the youngest star in the constellation.
Religion was illegal.
The red lines show Turkey's new borders.
Almost 20% of the land in Snowdonia is protected under laws.
She was born in Jutrosin.
This Masked owl from Australia shows the circle of feathers around the eyes.
有評論認為，《文匯報》的帶頭「造反」間接帶動中間立場報紙一致譴責中共。 citation 「六四事件」後，中国共产党令社長李子誦、
The music video for "Ur So Gay" depicts Perry singing the song with animated clouds and grass surrounding her and her blue guitar.
It was published from Bow Street in the town.
The eggs hatch into larvae which eat the eggs and larvae of the 'host' insect.
。2018年1月13日開通 citation 。
The club's goal is to annoy and bother girls, and Calvin's main target is Susie Derkins.
Asker sevk eden C-47’lerle dolu filo, düşman bombardımanından hemen sonra çarpışma alanına ulaştı.
She reunites with her husband.
东北军政大学在北安开办了两期，培养学员2700人.
Eleme kuralı: baraj derecesi 1,96 metreyi geçen (Q) veya en iyi 12 derece (q) tur atlar.
，但香港監察主席羅哲斯表示報告並非干預中華人民共和國和香港的內政，而是《中英聯合聲明》給予英國的責任和義務 citation 。
Symptoms of hypothyroidism include the following: tiredness, headaches, weight gain, dry skin, constipation, and poor concentration.
普朗克常数h是最重要的通用常数之一。
During this time the opium epidemic was growing in China.
Another paperboy disappeared where Johnny was kidnapped, named Eugene Martin, 13 years old.
Ülkenin güneyinde yer alan kentin 2005 resmi sonuçlarına göre nüfusu 79,500 kişidir.
据记载，他有可能曾经拥有这两幅画。
What happened became known as "The Miracle of the Sun."
The elections took place in 1977, and her party was defeated severely.
It was released on May 8, 2012.
Cranbourne's current population is estimated to be at least 30,000 people.
Muslims are in many countries.
In 2010, 624 people lived there.
The song appeared in the U.K. Adult Pop chart in January 2011 as No. 96 then jumped to No. 94 in early February.
A 2005 study by Sankar Chatterjee suggested that the wings of Microraptor functioned like a split-level "
该市镇2009年时的人口为4,711人。
現代的喜娘除了傳統照顧新娘、協助儀式進行外，有些會在新人策劃婚禮時已經給予意見和指導，甚至帶動氣氛、設計婚禮遊戲等 。
Ayrıca Güney Kore Doğu Asya zirvesinede üye ülkerden biri.
Elit Lig A'da, Süper Lig ekiplerinin genç takımları mücadele ederken Elit Lig B'de, 1.Lig ekiplerinin genç takımları mücadele etmektedir.
Feminist etik ve Transseksüel Olmak.
，具影響力的鑑識家對中世紀重新探索，從欣賞的角度研究特定的中世紀藝術，例如教堂建築、皇家和名人墓碑、彩色玻璃和哥德式手稿；其他哥德式藝術卻仍被視為野蠻和粗糙，如掛毯和金屬製品。
A yellow signal gives a warning to the driver that the next signal is showing a red.
H40 / F22（1981年12月 - 1992年 / 1982年 - 1992年）
戰後在家祠右廂設立的藝浣學校，至1962年停辦，
Phillip would be in charge of the ship as part of the First Fleet, and then Hunter would be in charge after while Phillip was setting up the penal colony.
'nin Yeraltı Demiryolu'yla ilişkili alanları korumasının yolunu açtı.
Three laps later Mansell went through the grass at Ostkurve without losing a place but damaging his car.
The bay is up to 436 meters deep.
In 1993, Capshaw became a regular on the brief series Black Tie Affair.
He was a professor at the Moscow State Institute of International Relations.
It can also go from convert in 23.5 seconds.
In the 1920s the capacity raised by building new stands.
Church 1703; The current building was erected 1784.
Along with the many Italian versions, different kinds of Parmigiana have been developed across the world, most often in countries where large numbers of Italians immigrated.
She then told Ruth and Orpah to return home to their families and find new husbands.
This would have killed him, but a scientist called Yinsen who was with him made a magnet for his chest which would keep the shrapnel away.
Bergamaschi died on 18 January 2020 in Crema.
She also performed in stage shows.
He was born in Gelendzhik.
In 1859, a pig owned by a British employee of Charles Griffin got onto the farm of an American farmer named Lyman Cutlar.
This makes the Epsilon Geminids hard to see.
But because of floods in the area, the people were not able to live in the area.
Stieglitz'in 1946'daki ölümünün ardından O'Keeffe kalıcı olarak New Mexico'ya yerleşti ve bugün Georgia O'Keeffe Home and Studio adı altında müze olan Abiquiú'daki stüdyosunda yaşadı.
The larger an aneurysm becomes, the more likely it is to burst.
雖然拉傑迪曾為瑞士17歲以下、19歲以下和21歲以下國家隊上陣，但在2007年，
They both raced each other to the South Pole, but in the end Amundsen won because he had made a good use of his sleigh dogs.
Instead of fighting the spirit, Aang talks with it.
He landed on two large islands.
They may also benefit younger people or disabled people by providing periodic payments of money over an extended period of time.
Chicago: American Library Association.
Journal of the Royal African Society.
In this avatar, Vishnu took the form of a kurma to help tha devtas and asuras to churn the Kshira Sagara, to gain amrita.
All these signs develop in the child's first two to three years of age.
」的思想模型，可製作一種簡單且運算能力極強的裝置。
The Knights Templar and their Myth. Destiny Books; Reissue edition (1990).
Böyle olunca Sovyet planlarından habersiz olarak Alman ordusu da harekât bölgesinde geniş çaplı bir kuvvet toplamaya girişmekteydi.
PET (polyethylene terephthalate) :- Light, rigid or semi-rigid, naturally transparent or colorless, PET is an excellent moisture and gas barrier and is resistant to impacts.
和1970年一樣，由8支球隊分成2組，每組4隊。
However, in recent years, the chain diversified the kind of items sold and prices regularly exceed the notorious one-dollar limit.
，水中排水量減少但續航力大增。
After three years her husband, Woodrow Wilson, died.
Because the Venetians were able to reclaim some of the inland territories in the north during the Turkish wars, the region of Dalmatia was no longer restricted to the coastline and the islands.
This creates the great effect that can be seen in the figure.
Dünya Savaşı sonrası dönemin en etkili İtalyan tırmanıcı dağcılarından birisiydi.
In December 2007, he had reconstructive surgery on his jaw, when the first surgery was not successful.
陈坤于自传《突然就走到西藏》中首次披露2003年到2007年间被忧郁症困扰的经历，希望借此表达信仰和定力可以助人闯出阴霾。
She was married six times, having a relationship with Wallace Beery (1916-1919), Herbert K. Somborn (1919-1922), Henri de la Falaise (1925-1930), Michael Farmer (1931-1934), William Davey (1945-1946) and William Dufty (1976-1983).
Demosthenes grew interested in politics during the time he wrote speeches for others.
He has been called one of the most successful Austrian pianists.
Genellikle güzlük domates şeklinde ekimi şeklinde yapılır.
So all the scientists knew there would be no way for Laika to survive her trip.
Abel once ran for Congress.
Spencer George Matthews (6 Ağustos 1988 doğumlu) England & Wales, Civil Registration Birth Index, 1916-2005 Made in Chelsea'deki hareketleriyle ünlü olan İngiliz bir girişimci ve televizyon yıldızıdır.
范吉利斯在这张专辑中，让听者感受宏大磅礴的气势，在单独听音乐的时候就可以感受到史诗电影的波澜壮阔。
De Jong (1969b), p. 129 Both the Belgians and the Dutch refused, even though Belgium had learned about Germany's plans to attack.
Despite the name change, many people from other countries, and even among Vietnamese people, still call the city "Saigon" today.
Marmots make holes in the ground.
This can lead to a dangerous situation.
The school was new: it had been founded when Inge was 5 years old by Hanna Adler, a wealthy woman.
Wheat was first grown in the area in 1871.
He also attempted to use the great wealth of the Church to his own advantage.
She has held photo exhibitions many times.
She was a guest on the American TV show, CHiPS.
Zakarpattia Oblast can also be divided into four unofficial geographic-historic regions (counties): Ung, Bereg, Ugocsa, and Northern Maramuresh.
Because years are bigger than months, and months are bigger than days, they are put in the order of YEAR-MONTH-DAY.
，並於2016年5月13日空降第50位 citation 。
Apart from Siva temples, Mahendravarman also excavated a few Vishnu cave temples.
對於平台上文章的评论，有別於之前，將在每天在10点半和下午15点选择性放出。
'nin üstlendiği yarışma 2 Şubat 2019 ile 9 Mart 2019 tarihleri arasında yapılacaktır.
He awakes to a world overrun by the walking dead ("walkers").
These territories may contain the breeding places of up to eight females.
Orang-utan Gang takes place during the day and Ropey Rampage is only nighttime.
The challenge is learning how to make the best use of it so we can achieve an effective improvement in our quality of life.
In some regions they have become rare due to the destruction of their habitat.
北伐的失敗讓韓侂冑成為眾矢之的，
Four songs are heard on the tape: a milking song from Kenya, a song of a river in Uganda, a cattle song from Northern Kenya and a burial dance from Western Kenya.
Bütün Gion festivalleri 400 yıl öncesine dayanıyor.
Betjeman's partner from 1951 until his death was Lady Elizabeth Cavendish.
From one set, with extra words Florida, old, lonely, forgetful, wrinkle (and some neutral words) the experimental group walked more slowly away from the experimental room.
The Europas in the nomination "Best founder and co-founder of a startup".
He was married to Patricia Akkad until they divorced.
为三进院落式布局，占地936平方米。
The user then has a few seconds to throw it and take cover, usually about 5 seconds.
The 1956 United States presidential election happened on November 6, 1956.
Wyatt also wrote three satires and a series of 7 penitential psalms.
Some of them are drawings in pastel.
In fact, according to some studies, IR8 yields in best conditions could be as much as 10 times that of traditional varieties".
，希望將這三條都能更換為全新的低底盤，而大都會客運曾以無法爬山到松職總站為由不考慮換車。
Some of them liked it so much they gave it awards.
They were evidently very successful as ambush predators.
’in piskoposu ve erken Hristiyanlıktaki büyük otoritelerden birisi.
Kroeber died of cancer on November 8, 2009.
The Jeep Renegade is a subcompact crossover SUV.
The City of Charlotte built and owns the NASCAR Hall of Fame.
該公司於1944年10月创业，1950年12月正式改名為村田製作所。
They are shy birds living deep in the forest.
Biomass is mostly made from carbon.
吳冠賜表示，「兆里國際專利商標事務所」之「兆里」本指科學技術之尺度，然因諧音於「照理」，每當聽見「照理說……」時，常不禁會心一笑。
The regional capital is Anna Regina.
The game got excellent reviews, including a 9/10 from IGN, and an average of 82/100 from Metacritic.
Colbert married twice.
查普曼荣誉讲座设于2014年。
，武汉方面进攻南京方面腹地，南京方面将军队南撤。
接下来麦克阿瑟恢复两栖作战计划，暂定在9月15日执行。
同時，留意當時英國所生產的六便士，即使同一年份亦有不同的版别和圖案。
Roland Giraud (born 14 February 1942) is a French actor.
花舌是一種需要天份或頓悟的技巧，有些人天生就能作出，有些人花長期時間練習也無法練就，或者在長期的練習之後，在一瞬間突然領悟這種震動方式。
People who are successful by working hard get what they deserve.
On 14 December 1966, BMC changed its name to British Motor Holdings Limited or BMH.
The canton is one of the drier parts of Switzerland in its central Rhone valley.
'nde "En İyi Erkek Oyuncu" ödülünü kazandırdı.
In Afghanistan, where Pashtun are the major ethnic group, the main tribes are the Durrani, who mostly live in the south and west, and the Ghilzai, who live in northern and eastern parts of the country.
轄區包括東達沃省。1984年2月16日設自治監督區。
Other webcasts such as WWE Rollin, WWE Sidesplitters and WWE Uncut can be found in the All Videos section of WWE.
During the formation of the party, Seeman added that "we are not founding the Naam Tamilar party, we are continuing with what S. P. Adithanar founded.
She joins Mulder a year after he opens the X-Files.
人口密度：33,77人/平方公里（2013）。
They are "competing" against one another.
Special Advent Calendars are made for children, with pictures or treats for each day of Advent.
Today, the interval arithmetic technology which was made by Sunaga T. Sunaga, Theory of interval algebra and its application to numerical analysis.
The woman likewise removes her mask to reveal that she was in fact his wife.
Threads are made from raw silks that are imported from other countries such as China and Brazil.
；观台也，主观云物、察福瑞、候灾变也。
He grew up in College Park, Georgia.
Ikariam is free-to-play but players may opt to purchase in-game advantages via a Microtransaction system.
The land is mostly low.
The thin wattle wall is then "daubed" or stuck all over on the inside and the outside with damp clay, mud or plaster, usually with some chopped straw or animal hair to help it stick together.
There are twice as many people there as in 1990.
He has a relationship with Pam Beesly and eventually got married to her later on in the seasons.
Her marriage is fixed and she waits to tie the knot with the ideal groom from an aristocratic family as per the wish of her family.
Through their efforts, there is now a small part of how Dostoevsky first imagined Crime and Punishment to be written.
On January 4, 1967 he achieved a top speed of over 320 miles per hour (515 km/h) in Bluebird K7 on the return leg of a record-breaking attempt.
The names "Ana" or “Nastya” are also common nicknames for those named Anastasia.
Meat packing is the main industry in Dodge City. citation The city also has farm implement manufacturing, and is a supply center for area agriculture.
Odette collapses into her companions' arms.
Gaga performed the National Anthem of the United States at Super Bowl 50 on February 7, 2016.
The park was created in 1916.
Bilgi toplumunun farklı yaklaşımlara sahiptir.
Koh-i-noor: India says it should not claim priceless diamond from UK.
Factory released Melissa & Joey: Season One, Part Two on DVD in Region 1. It included the rest of the episodes of the first season in a 2-disc set.
Hold the infant against a bare chest.
" adı verilen sazla birlikte söylenen şiirlere "koşuk" adı verilir.
Frequency and the conference of referential validity.
就讀大倫國中一年級時由教練李建瑞選拔為學校籃球隊成員，從此開始籃球生涯，大倫國中校隊曾代表苗栗市參加全國區運動會，拿下金牌。
Her first book, Under the Net, was released in 1954 and became a classic.
They discover it is owned by Luke.
過去認為使用果糖代替砂糖，在相同甜度下可以減少熱量攝取，其升糖指數也很低，果糖在預防及控制糖尿病上較佳。
The man was a tow truck driver who had been pinned under the rear tire of a 1990 Cadillac Seville, which had lurched forward as he worked underneath it.
He was also the co-founder of the "Hamburger Hamlet"
Journal of the American Medical Association.
In the inter-war years, he continued his military career, reaching the rank of Colonel General (Generaloberst) before retiring in 1938.
His army was combined with the Army of the Potomac.
苏州各地铁站附近均设有导引指示牌，指示地铁站出口的位置，方便市民乘坐地铁。
正、從八九品：大紅縐紗帽，雜色衣帶，銀簪，端青袍。
The Quad City Air Show has been held at this airport since 1987.
Their second son William Temple Todd (b./d.
部份學者對上述論點提出以下反駁：
His little brother looks up to him, because he has everything a man would want.
The song was written and composed by Kangta, expressing the abundant emotions of an unfortunate love.
İsimsel ölçekli veriler için aritmetik ortalama anlamsızdır.
It was founded in March 7, 1855.
第一代诺福克伯爵布拉泽顿的托马斯。
Then he went back to live in Vienna.
A single cylinder two-stroke engine produces power every crankshaft revolution, while a single cylinder four-stroke engine produces power once every two revolutions.
“显著增加”，具有“智慧的队友”和“似乎知道应该怎么做的队员”，然而感叹“电脑玩家持有冰球的时间仍然有点长”。
'ü erken dönem eserleri arasındadır.
Ontology deals with questions about what things exist or can be said to exist, and how such entities can be grouped according to similarities and differences.
There are two basic kinds of volcanoes.
Less than 5% of the Universe is ordinary matter.
A young woman signs a prayer wall for Holloway, less than two weeks after her disappearance.
The two call themselves "Vision4Gold".
章节“1956－1976年”，513页。
Dizinin gelişmesiyle Lisa, gerçek zekasının tamamen gösterildiği ilk bölümlerden olan "
The march contains parts of "The Sailor’s Hornpipe", "A Life on the Ocean Wave," and "Rule Britannia."
Wade ise finallerde 19.1 sayı ortalaması ile oynadı.
In 2007, 13581 people lived there.
Aang is unique, in that he can bend all four elements, although he only fights using Airbending.
The European influence on Cuba's later musical development is represented by danzón, an elegant musical form that was once the most popular music in Cuba.
This led to even more being shot by hunters as they gathered about the wounded and dead members of the flock.
At 41, DeSantis is the youngest current governor of any US State.
It was released on December 2nd in 2020.
He was the only Indian politician to be chief minister of two different Indian states.
Ed. The Oxford Companion to the English Language.
It used to be called British Honduras, but changed its name in 1973.
He refused to accept a salary for the position, stating that he wished to serve in this capacity solely for reasons of idealism.
Özellikle, gebeliğin 1. ve 2. trimesterinde ve emziren annelerde yarar/risk ilişkisi özenle tartıldıktan sonra kullanılmalıdır.
Vitamin D helps the bones absorb (take up) calcium.
Cech discovered that RNA could itself cut strands of RNA, which showed that life could have started as RNA.
Computer models do this by applying some set of rules to a large collection of real world text (called a corpus).
The plant roots can not get at the water and plant nutrients if they go too deep.
Giorgos Papasideris, Greek musician (d.
Robert the Bruce did not answer them.
They had no church except a ruin.
，更終日擔心跟隨著他會遭禍劫。
Nwankwo Kanu is married to fitness enthusiast, Amara Kanu and they have 3 children together.
Both ended the segment celebrating with beer until Austin gave Piper a Stone Cold Stunner as well.
There are many reasons why someone can get heart failure.
The drummer for Keane, Richard Hughes, said that the band had been asked if the song was about a place.
This is also called commencement, invocation, or convocation.
The green tree frog screams when it is in danger.
The Germans' equipment broke down in the cold, and some men were still wearing summer uniforms, which they stuffed with newspapers in an attempt to stay warm.
Napoleon spent most of his life in Austria, where he was known as Franz.
Castro was born in Birán, Oriente Province.
'da ise yüzük bir süs eşyası olmaktan çok sınıf farklarını belirten bir araç hâline gelmiştir.
Many consider the Orquesta Aragón and the orchestra of José Fajardo to have been particularly influential in the development of the cha-cha-cha.
Now, Guangzhou is one of the cities with the most colleges and universities in the South China.
Bu başta çarpanın Baptistina ailesi ne ait bir asteroit olduğunu düşündürdü.
ISBN 962-7420-23-9 見於《廣東通志》內的《新安縣境地圖》，兩廣總督府編，廣州，1897年出版。
'Enjoyed' and 'read' are the transitive verbs.
Sometimes an organism develops the appearance of both males and females.
He is a professor of law at the New York University School of Law.
Vnukovo is Moscow's oldest operating airport.
We want anyone who is not of a German-race who started living in Germany after 2 August 1914 to leave the country.
The compiler and help text are included in this special editor and provide a standard environment for developers.
The fact that adults usually cannot remember events that occurred in early childhood is called "infantile amnesia".
She played leading parts in Coquette (1928) and Mary Of Scotland (1933) as well.
This swelling causes problems with normal breathing.
He married his second wife, Nan in 1989.
Grup, kariyeri boyunca 8 stüdyo albümü, 3 konser albümü, 3 derleme albüm ve 24 video klip yayımladı.
Urban Zulu uses loan words borrowed from other languages to describe new ideas.
The British took Yangon and all of Lower Burma in the Second Anglo-Burmese War of 1852, and then changed Yangon into the most important city of British Burma.
Most of them did not want to live in a Jewish country.
One place he visited was Spain, a country he loved.
In this configuration, virtually no earth or neutral current is flowing.
As life died off in the lower (
The inside ranges in color from white or yellow to purple or pink in mature yams.
William Stanley Zmitrowicz Jr. (born May 16, 1947), known professionally as Bill Smitrovich, is an American actor.
The Residentie Orchestra gave many of their concerts in the Gebouw voor Kunsten en Wetenschappen (more simply known as “K&W Building”), but also the summer concerts in the Kurzaal in Scheveningen, the seaside resort of the Hague, were very famous.
It is owned by All Media Guide.
The American robin can be found all over North America.
Three men set out on a boat to hunt and kill the shark.
The Hijikata Toshizo Museum opened in Hino City in 1994.
The other islands form the independent state of Comoros.
它是华沙最古老的大道之一，是皇家之路的第一部分，
It was founded in 1979 by Giancarlo Minardi.
It has had multiple extended streaks of being a bellwether county, the first running from 1896 to 1936.
Dokuz ay boyunca yatakta ve bağlı kalarak büyük bir cömertlik yapmış olacaksınız fakat ahlâken bunu yapmaya zorunlu değilsiniz.
This is a list of traditional names for stars, mostly from Arabic and Latin.
Sega hired him.
Paul Gaugin's Where Do We Come From?
The plumage of this attractive species is highly variable: virtually no two birds look alike, with a yellowish white, blue and green head, greenish-bronze upperparts, violet blue-green wings, grey feet, and reddish eye.
The explanation of this instability begins with the existence of tiny perturbations in the stream.
Because of that, books about the Yankees started to be made with pinstriped covers.
另外，在2009年-2020年间，福建人民广播电台新闻综合广播、湖南人民广播电台新闻综合频道（2018年之前）亦有每晚转播央视《新闻联播》的惯例，后改为转播央广《全国新闻联播》。
之后在华盛顿国际赛进入WTA女子单打八强。
It was made for the French royal family at the end of the 14th century.
IPv6’daki uygun adres boşluğu ve adresleme bitlerinin sayısıyla, 4G ağ ve hizmetlerinin yayılmasına yardım edebilecek uygulama ve aygıtlar için birçok yenilikçi kodlama şemaları geliştirilebilir.
The village is at 32° 58' 40" North, 73° 30' 40" East and has an altitude of 275 metres (905 ft) Falling Rain Genomics and has an area of about convert.
In 1969, he published The Satanic Bible.
Only the stations Olympia-Einkaufszentrum (U1), Richard-Strauss-Straße (U4), Neuperlach Süd (U5), Garching-Hochbrück and Nordfriedhof (both U6) have platforms on the side.
The country sent one para-alpine skier, Sasun Hakobyan.
It's the Patronus Charm.
Hamilton is the first driver of black heritage to compete in Formula One (although Willy T. Ribbs tested an F1 car in 1986 citation ).
He was released in 1977 after the amnesty law that freed all Franco-era political prisoners.
Due to this in 1813 the Statute was repealed.
In 1957, oil millionaire Jack Wrather took over the show as producer.
Separates from the Craigieburn railway line at North Melbourne station.
道德文化研究院、「一帶一路」文化交流與傳播研究中心、生態環境保護法治研究中心。
Leonard Boyarsky is an American game designer and visual artist.
Despite the amount of power and money Thomas now had, he was still jealous that his brother was Lord Protector.
This Renaissance painting shows an imaginary scene from Ancient Greece, with Greek philosophers, writers, artists, and mathematicians.
After West Germany's economy began to grow faster and faster in the 1950s, while East Germany's economy was not doing so well, many people moved from East to West Germany.
By the end of 1990, although the magazine still supported new British bands, the paper was dominated by American bands, because that was what the music scene in general was about.
Gine tur atladı, Togo çekildi.
His death was announced four days later.
Pretorius is a unique Mask wearer as he completely managed to retain his personality and consciousness in control, possibly due to him having no inhibitions which the mask releases in the wearer.
An altazimuth or alt-azimuth mount is a simple two-
Even though there were many more Persians than Greeks, the Greeks won because they had spears and swords of metal.
On August 25, 2001, at 6:50 pm (
They were formed in 1894.
Many democratic countries also have regional, provincial or state elections.
总面积10.99平方公里，总人口305，人口密度27.8人/平方公里（2011年1月1日）。
His ideas were so endless that he was not even troubled when he once lost some music he had been writing.
），在用電尖峰時取代空調用電。
于都縣北） 《晉書》卷15〈地理志下〉：「南康郡，太康三年置。
If Germany was a single neutral country, gaining access to these resources would be easier because Germany could be bullied by the Soviet Union.
武官出现了”都督“的职务，，《
Radio National.
Esotericism can also be about understanding symbolism and hidden meanings of many different books.
牙本质包含更少的矿物质同时也更柔韧，使它能够为牙釉质提供支撑。
This was Kubrick's only personal Oscar win among 13 nominations.
When Hera heard his daughters were stealing from the garden, she sent a one hundred-headed dragon called Ladon to the garden to protect the apples.
在克莉絲黛兒離開前，對克莉絲黛兒說，妳一旦到了德國，妳媽媽(瑪麗安妮)一定會去找妳的，這話讓克莉絲黛兒非常的放心。
In response to the insults, B.o.B. made a song entitled "No Future".
He also won the Ken McKenzie Trophy in the 1979-80 IHL season during his time with the Fort Wayne Komets.
He finds her in Rosalie's arms and looks into the baby's eyes.
In 2012, she became known for her directorial work on Stones in the Sun.
古希腊人一直将荷马史诗视作希腊文化的精华将荷马视作民族的骄傲，但丁更称荷马为“诗人之王”。
八年（1472年），充會試考官、
This sea route is expected to become ready in the future.
Ejaculation takes place in two stages.
There are three major islands—
He exhibited internationally, including a group exhibit by Maltese artists at Hunter College in 1996. citation Caruana was a pioneer of modern art in Malta, drawing inspiration from popular art traditions and the architecture of the Island.
His first term was marked by SEDCO's involvement in the then largest oil blowout in history, the Ixtoc I oil spill, which caused extensive environmental damage.
His name in the Ojibwe language means "In the Center of the Universe".
Her favorite food is ice cream.
He lives near Neville.
Slavery was abolished by the 13th Amendment, effective December 1865.
In the case of Modderdam, after legal interventions had failed, they organised the evacuation of about 10.000 people when their homes were demolished and people were threatened to be deported to the so-called ‘homelands’.
杭世骏於乾隆元年（1736）中博学鸿词科之后，入三礼馆纂修《礼记义疏》，用功颇多， 李富孙《鹤征后录》卷一：“先生读书五行倶下，博综广览，于学无所不贯。
若贏了比自己高等的班級，就可以替換成那個班的設備；輸了的話設備將會降下一級，甚至被該班的人圍毆。
's regime crumbles, while a statue of him is torn down in the centre of the city.
Kobe was born on March 19, 1931 in Hamtramck, Michigan.
Bunu en iyi katı yağlayıcılar yapabilmektedir.
Without the Manifestations of God we could not know God.
Retreating to a church's bell tower, upon realizing high-pitched sounds weakens the creature, Peter removes the symbiote, where it bonds with Brock, transforming him into Venom.
Wolf also serves as Under Secretary of Homeland Security for Strategy, Policy, and Plans since November 2019.
How many people need to be asked?
He may issue a pass to a vehicle's driver that is stamped with the vehicle's arrival time.
Nederland's early economy was driven by rice and dairy farming.
One of them is 絹こし豆腐 (or soft tofu), 木綿豆腐 (or firm tofu, or solid tofu) and "凍み豆腐" (or dried tofu).
There are two different kinds of anthropic principles : the weak anthropic principle, and the strong anthropic principle.
A Five Nights at Freddy's RPG called FNAF World was released on 2016.
咸丰十年闰三月十三（1860年5月3日），病故。
在7个捕虫笼对象中，就有5个里面含有大量的动物粪便。
Fondue Bourguignonne uses a pot of heated oil to cook.
At the time, the reasons for his return were not clear.
Example shift pattern.
She is often called "Fergie", a usual nickname for people named Ferguson.
Most tombs have a hillside behind them and face a body of water.
Bingley proposes to Jane, and she accepts.
It was released as a full album called Snakebite, released in June 1978, with the B-side taken from Coverdale's Northwinds album.
赫伯特發表的論文超過150篇，也出版过几本學校的課本。
醒來後被克萊瑪麗亞攙扶著，回到屬於二人的「家」。
This was different from the Tang Dynasty laws, which said anyone from any family could work for the government if they took and passed the right tests.
The clay can go down even lower with the water because it is the smallest.
Similar themes appear in "The Lurking Fear" (1922) and "The Rats in the Walls" (1924).
It may have been caused by an influx of fresh, cold water from North America to the Atlantic.
视察后夸奖该部队细菌研究工作及制造细菌武器的能力：“我相信第七三一部队的生产能力足以供应在大规模战争中使用细菌武器。”
'te Polonya, Litvanya ve Bulgaristan'ın bulunduğu gruptan namağlup olarak 2. tur gruplarına kalmıştır.
But this is mostly known to be a false understanding of what he really thought.
They wanted a central government led by both Sukarno and Hatta equally.
The top of the coat of arms shows the black lion, the sign of Jülich, as the district contains mostly former parts of the duchy of Jülich.
It is named Carter Lake.
There was a second level on the two sides.
Karakter erkek olarak gösterilerde bazı yapılarda kız halide vardır.
Bu cümlenin yüklemi olumsuzdur ve soru eki almıştır: Bu madde özgün değil mi?
This was a successful tactic used in Poland and France.
，減少允許使用的杀虫剂數量，對於園藝維護用肥料及除草劑有更嚴格的管制。
They were named "natural killer" because they do not require activation in order to kill cells that are "missing self".
这五个音的名称分别是：宫、徴、商、羽、角。
The first one was in January 1957.
It is the 25th largest economy in the world.
Atoms move faster when they are in their gas form (because they are free to move) than they do in liquid form and solid matter.
On September 12, what was to be Hurricane Marilyn was named Tropical Depression Fifteen after convection increased.
At the time of its creation, about 7,400 people lived there.
Oulanka National Park is in the areas of Kuusamo and Salla.
However, they have not played since late 2002.
The next day they move deeper into the woods, despite being uncertain of their exact location on the map.
He mentioned Los Angeles traffic as the reason for starting this company.
，迫使全会通过了原本激烈反对的关于“工会多元化”和“政治多元化”两个决议。
These monks brought back more Buddhist texts.
Note: The links below are not in simple English.
In 1938-1940 he studied at cultural-educational centre of Batumi and in 1950 he graduated Batumi Pedagogical Institute.
PuTTY is currently beta software.
該風暴導致牙買加樹木倒塌，海岸附近遭嚴重破壞，一人死亡 citation citation 。
He chides the Sheik for treating her roughly.
There was also evidence that he judge from Sheppard's first trial was unfair.
Trolley station on Industrial Blvd.
Prescribing medicines in pregnancy database".
不过这2份调查都是在援助交际最盛行的东京地区抽样的，在日本其他地区应该没这么高比例。
He made Buffy's daily life very hard.
David Lindsay, who led the Elder Scientific Exploring Expedition across the Great Victoria Desert between April 1891 and March 1892.
It is owned by ConocoPhilips Alaska.
毕业后，曾在4艘驱逐舰、护卫舰上任职，担任过8年的驱逐舰、护卫舰舰长。
The album reached number two on the UK Albums Chart, staying on the chart for 33 weeks.
In 1881, it was extended to Ellinwood.
The town part of the City of Greater Shepparton local government area.
The water travels up these channels to the lizard’s mouth.
However, it is hard for penicillin G to get into the central nervous system.
Chennai district is divided into various taluks for administration purposes.
最初，每条线路最短的行车间隔（两趟列车到站的预定时间间隔）为20分钟。
Heroes are "heroic", they have "heroism".
Genes may link to the development of sexual orientation.
The Pentium 4 was known for being inefficient and producing a large amount of heat.
They decided that they did not want Beecham because he would want to have power to rule the orchestra in the way he wanted.
The engine is small and light having three cylinders and no detachable cylinder head.
That may be called vegetative growth.
De Jong (1969b), p. 244-247 Though he said a German armoured division would try to attack the Netherlands and that there was a plan to capture the Queen, the Dutch defence plan was not changed.
Readability revisited: The new Dale–Chall readability formula.
Furthermore, the Hebrew word for "kill" is "lang" - "harog", while the Hebrew word for "murder" is "lang" - "retzach", which is found in the Ten Commandments "lang" - "lo tirtzach".
Voltage differences achieved in modern Van de Graaff generators can reach 5 megavolts.
But the Fleece helps her to become better.
An echelle spectrograph is a special machine which is able to break up light waves, with a high resolution and little interference.
Hurricanes Kathleen, Liza, and Madeline are the most notable storms this year.
He was severely beaten for several minutes before being arrested.
Many now think that the construction began at around 229-330 A.D. If the Patlachique and Tzacualli phases are now this late, the chronology of Teotihuacán will require some crucial changes.
神宗指責李戴不能節制下屬，李戴引罪辭職，然而上疏時候用錯印，再次被群臣圍攻。
Peanuts, cotton and corn are the main things that are grown.
但還未能完全塑造能量的細節，而最終的結果是以高動能拋射出整顆恆星的原始質量。
L4 and L5 are considered stable - if a satellite gets a bit out of place, it will be pulled back into place by the gravity and centripetal forces, and oscillate around the Lagrange point.
It is called "Nisshoki" (日章旗) formally in Japan.
一律堅守崗位，中宗對他疼愛有加。
，於2019年落成，佔地101公頃，
Richard Randall Rollins (November 5, 1931 August 17, 2020) was an American billionaire businessman.
Her works focused on steppes art.
Sustained winds reached 72 km/h (44 mph), with gusts to 112 km/h (69 mph).
Thomas Lowndes Snead, The Fight for Missouri (New York: Charles Scribner's Sons, 1886) pp. 176-179 He reassureed the citizens of St. Louis that the Union army would protect them.
An asexual has little to no sexual attraction to people.
Ketamine is not the first anaesthetic a doctor would think of using in most situations because of the hallucinations it causes.
Viols are old string instruments from the 1400s and 1500s with sloping "shoulders" on the instrument's body and flat backs.
The castle is listed in the Domesday Book (1086).
The word matrix sometimes means "origin" or "beginnings".
He was a founding member of the Association of Black Psychologists, and served as its second president.
The opposition sometimes selects one of its own members for speaker after a general election.
İran Radyo Televizyon Kurumu başkanı İran İslam Cumhuriyeti'nin anayasası'nın 175. maddesi gereğince doğrudan İran'ın dini Lideri tarafından atanmaktadır ve görev süresi 5 senedir.
In a play, an aside is a speech that the actor says in a way that the other characters are supposed not to hear it.
Binet's ideas were sympathetic to Thorndike, who was above all interested in turning psychology into a real science by research, measurement and empirical evidence.
老修女畢竟年邁，在最後的日子，孤兒們道：「妳對大家這麼好，有願望想要達成嗎？
Padraic Colum and James Joyce were always friends after that.
The Miami Herald, October 5, 2002.
Sport，於2008年11月6日查閱 ，
The inn's long wooden exterior galleries are the only means of moving from one room to another on the first and second floors.
It has thick, black veins.
Merlin is usually said to be one with nature, being the source of his enormous power.
In recent years, young people have been using roller skates or roller blades to get around the island.
Today, most aviation historians believe that Alberto Santos-Dumont was not the first person to fly.
There are 687 'Amtsgerichte'.
PCX使用區段長度編碼（Run Length Encode；
Gaston catches her tone and recognizes the Beast as his rival for Belle's affections and organizes the mob to kill the Beast ("Mob Song").
A mountain pass.
However, many Indian soldiers died in foreign lands.
Vathy has about 2,000 people.
He became one of the best mapmakers of the 16th century.
康康曾在節目上提及自己高中時的初戀女友，是全班第一名的優秀學生，而自己當年雖是留級生，也得到演講比賽第二名。
His best known singles were "Diggy Liggy Lo" and "This Should Go On Forever".
现在江表一统，王昌听说前母去世已久，上言请求议论。
Many of the Asians that left Uganda came back after Amin was thrown out.
When he was asked when this rule should come into force, Schabowski answered "at once" and "immediately".
It airs Saturdays at 4:00 p.m. on UniMás.
Dhoby Ghaut is the first triple-line interchange station in Singapore.
Despite this sentence to prison, Ivers did not end up having to stay, because she was pardoned by then Governor Bulow of South Dakota who did so because of her old age.
She has recently signed a contract with the Polish publishing-house My Music.
A "ride-off" happens when a player uses their horse to push an opponent's horse away from the "line".
There is an amateur part of the Cyclassics.
，投擲了 1020 個瓶中信，裡面有一張明信片及一份問卷，上頭用英語、德語以及荷蘭語三種語言寫著希望撿到瓶子的人可以寫下發現地點及時間。
It is the largest member of the Minnesota State Colleges and Universities system.
They stretch their webs and then release them when prey strike them.
Everyone will get a card before the game starts.
After the war the king became ill and died in 1952.
First the cake was sold by Demel, but after Eduard bought the Hotel Sacher also there.
二月二十七日（乙巳），李仲文被处死。
This song would have been in their last album, but the only recording of it that they had was bad.
She rarely attends the yearly meeting of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland.
Volume two, The journal of the American cocktail.
There are local elections for premier (similar to a president).
See the table below.
At the end of each turn, pick a card.
The election was conducted under the direction of the Independent Electoral Commission (IEC).
But sound movies were not widely made commercially until a long time later.
They swim sideways.
While it is not a protected structure, it is listed in the National Inventory of Architectural Heritage but has been formally declared derelict.
Savaş sırasında zarar gören evleri, Chamberlin tarafından Bousfield İlköğretim Okulu için yapılan yol için 1954 yılında yıkılmıştır.
The pavilion also contains a cinema and theatre.
Fakat Poly, Macheath'in saklanmasını sağlamıştır ve Macheath'in nerede olduğunu Peachum'lar bilmemektedirler.
這投票需要简单多数即可通过，而提出彈劾議案的民主黨是當時眾議院的多數派。
This is because of the position they held in precolonial Desi society.
The needs and drives of those in individualistic societies may be more self-centered than those in collectivist societies.
THE LAST SONG（遙秋）
」民間相傳該呂姓奉祀「回道人」呂祖師為守護神。
Unlike other deer, M. giganteus did not even have to turn its head to present the antlers to best effect, but could do this by simply looking straight ahead.
Lotto has used contrast of colour in the orange and green dress to make a rich effect.
Within Białystok, there are two nature reserves with a total area of 105 ha, that are part of the Knyszyn Forest.
It is 22 miles (35 km) north of London.
This reference to people who are sheltering the murderers was towards Ali and his followers.
Porter started learning music when he was very young.
But there were many supporters of the bill.
Since about 2013, they are more active.
Joss Whedon created this episode after hearing that the most important part of the series was the dialogue.
They supplied engines from 1992 to 2000.
This is an alphabetical list of women judges'
，中山被中共佔領後八字運動時，黃裕被捕，
Daha sınırlı kaynaklar olarak Pompeius Trogus'un, Cornelius Nepos'un ve Ctesilas'ın çalışmaları bulunmaktadır.
Bu bağlamda Rothbard "kapitalizm"i anarşizmin en yetkin ifade biçimi ve aynı şekilde anarşizmide kapitalizmin en yetkin ifade biçimi olarak tanımlamıştır.
Here is a chart showing how frequencies and scales can be produced.
His screen acting credits include The Dismissal (1983) and The Water Diviner (2014).
'de ise 15 Ocak 2012 ve 5 Şubat 2012'de olmak üzere iki kez bir numaraya yükselmiştir.
Crosby also rejoined the Byrds, but the album they recorded together, Byrds, was not a hit.
·萨拉萨尔于1526年8月在海上看到这一环礁。
As of 2015, Sherman Holmes resides in Saluda, VA and is the last surviving member of the band.
Most movies have an FPS of 24 to 60. FPS Press: "The FPS --- is between 24-60."
Herhangi bir kurum karmaşık bir sosyal sistemdir ve medeniyet ise çok büyük bir kurumdur.
，斷言假設其他因素不變，當一物品價格增加，其需求量會下降，反之亦然。
The majority of the path travels through public land with a small amount going through private land.
Famous Harnizos include Jay Hernandez, Felipe Calderon, and Hugo Sanchez, it's unknown whether they are genetically Harnizo, but based on their phenotype, they appear to be.
On it are two of the national flower, and a single bearded fig tree.
Norma Cruz receives the International Women of Courage Award from Hillary Clinton and Michelle Obama in 2009.
Was later included on the DVD version of Definitely Maybe.
West explains, "It would be absurd to represent either the presence of ills by their confinement in a jar or the presence of hope by its escape from one."
At least six specimens of adults have been found.
These plays were written to copy the style of the plays from Ancient Greece and Rome.
Elinor Mavor was the next editor, but within two years Bernhard decided to close down Fantastic.
Utgivet af projektet "Norge under okkupasjonen" other numbers say "around 500" citation prison camps.
Many thought they had too much power and wanted them to get away.
Güvenlik güçleri protestoculara saldıran vatandaşların bu iş için günlük ücret aldıklarına tanık olmuştur.
Her most widely used quote being, "There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved."
From 1979 until 1983 he served as the Israeli Ambassador to France.
He has been close friends with Fluttershy since she helped him learn to behave himself.
These plants derives their scientific name Impatiens (
The flowers are small, with a sweet smell.
The Irukandji is related to another jellyfish.
The province had a small territory around the "Bocche di Cattaro" (Boka Kotorska) of 547 km² and nearly 39,800 inhabitants.
韩世忠听他的话，方腊军果然追赶，伏兵发弩，应弦而倒。
It reached its peak intensity on August 1, with winds of convert and a central pressure of convert, making it the strongest hurricane of the season.
Fighting in city was very violent.
Giacomo Agostini holds the current record for the most fastest laps with 117. Valentino Rossi, who still actively races in MotoGP, is in second place with 83 fastest laps.
The code can change every time it is run.
如果對通用人工智慧的研究產生了足夠聰明的軟體，該軟體將能夠重新編程並改良自身 一種“遞迴自我完善”的功能。
He is said to have learnt some fifty languages by the age of eighteen, many of which he spoke fluently.
Perception of the importance and priority of warming centers varies.
The CHL is divided into two Conferences.
Bu hikâye William'ın kanının toplanmasından veya cinayetin dini amaçlı yapılmasından bahsetmez.
The movie was filmed in 18 days in California during 1965.
They live longer without getting AIDS defining illnesses.
The group called "Instructors of Science Fiction in Higher Education" gave the awards.
如有需要，AEK-999亦可以裝上其他抑制器。
現行最新版本之遊戲開放了『飛升』，當人物飛升之後即可重新選擇門派進入，而不同的前世門派與後世的飛升門派雖有差異存在，但並不大。
Rerieved on September 12, 2012.
He got many of his ideas from the Scriblerus Club.
Another name was found for her was Anesidora, she who sends gifts.
It is the only new song on the record, recorded especially for this release, and was released as a radio single on December 9, 2008.
文師用心，一依《釋論》，論是龍樹所說，付法藏中，第十三師。
It also regularly visits bird feeders in winter.
），字道弼，直隸常州府無錫縣人，軍籍，
The year before that was even better.
The rocks reach 100 feet high.
In order to make the statement correct with a negative number, one must reverse the direction of the inequality symbol.
The damaged areas of the Pentagon were rebuilt in 2002.
Verrocchio moved from Florence to Venice in 1488, to help with the casting of the bronze statue.
Most people who practice BDSM are concerned about their partner's safety.
Charles Herbert Woolery (born March 16, 1941) is an American game show host, talk show host, and musician.
Wrapper templates enclose the template that creates the anchor ID.
These are also called pulmonary alveoli.
In the late 1970s he worked under record producer Joel Dorn.
Supply was commanded by Lieutenant Henry Lidgbird Ball.
Mircea Daneliuc Rumen bir senarist ve film yapımcısı.
He returned to Urawa Reds in 2004.
Champaklal looks exactly like his father, the Late Jayantilal Bhimji Gada who in the show was a freedom fighter during the British rule.
Microsoft supported Windows 1.0 for 16 years, until December 31, 2001 – the longest out of all versions of Windows.
，此举促使了新疆各地的革命党人的行动，1911年12月28日，1912年1月7日相继爆发了迪化起义、伊犁起义。
In 1465 Verrocchio made a wash basin for the room of San Lorenzo's where the robes and Communion vessels were kept.
They made history with their first self-titled debut album in 1978, producing 4 major hits.
The system prevents self-fertilisation.
He wrote that a very dangerous one was said to live in lang, a spring that used to exist halfway up the southern slopes.
Identity theft is a serious crime that affects thousands of people.
Pawn on an otherwise open file, on the 2nd or 3rd rank, which cannot be supported by another pawn, or advanced.
A Fifth Generation Model used by the Bedfordshire Police.
In 2018, it was re-released as a remastered box set with critics liking it too.
Bradford got well but many of the pilgrims were not so fortunate.
Fabiano plays for Italy in team events.
His name is pronounced “Hoo-go Volf” (rhyming with “golf”).
It is private, so no one else hears what the person tells the priest.
STAND ALONE COMPLEX Solid State Society（コシキタテアキ）
Bir şekilde bodrumdan kaçarak üst kata çıkarlar.
They waived their rights 93% of the time, while adults waived their rights 80% of the time.
Rapier began being used in 1971 with the British Army, and 1974 with the Royal Air Force Regiment.
Afganistan'daki yıllarında bin Ladin'in şahsi sekreterliğini yaptı.
Ortalama altı ila on sekiz mikrolit, genellikle bir mızrak veya zıpkın içinde kullanılmış olabilir, ancak bir okta yalnızca bir veya iki tane kullanılırdı.
Arising sometime in the 1870s, the origin of three-cushion billiards is not entirely known.
Many more pilots were recruited to act as kamikaze.
”网上，在有限发行的电影中，该片以100%的好评率荣获“金番茄”大奖。
地方高速公路编号亦遵循国家高速公路的标准，明确区分环线与联络线（用下标标示这些线路的二级编号），但对于主线编号，各省并没有明确统一的标准 以一位数的编号为例，
All four Gospels tell of Jesus riding into Jerusalem on a donkey and two of them say that Zechariah told of this ahead of time.
Ernakulam has a sex ratio of 1028 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 95.68%.
This is done to make sure that class-assignment articles are eventually reviewed by editors and integrated into the encyclopaedia properly.
The supreme court in Lithuania is the Constitutional Court.
During the period of December 5 through December 11, 1974, the student demonstrators also built a temporary mausoleum for U Thant on the grounds of the RUSU and gave anti-government speeches.
The two met as collee students in Skidmore, started working together in 2001 under the name Cherry.
This change will produced more useful synchrotron radiation.
They can also make hallucinations better, or make them go away completely.
》2000年至2005年期間進行連載，單行本全10卷。
The next season, West Bromwich Albion successfully managed to seal a loan deal with Birmingham City for Foster before finalising the transfer in 2012.
They scored a total of 7 points, the most since the 1993 season.
·丽的明星工具，她与科达签订了合同。
This was partly due, he believed, to the rise in social status of families who were not capable of producing many children but who rose because of the financial advantage of having a small number of children.
The player stays alive in a dangerous world.
This is no longer a problem, because the patents have expired.
Eventually he could not play in the game.
Highway 281 passes through Potsdam.
Having played in all provinces of Turkey, Savaş Başar had a well-known, well-known structure that was widely known.
Many songwriters made songs critical of Philippine president Ferdinand Marcos and his use of martial law and the Batasang Bayan, other songs were subversive and others were about national pride.
The adjective influential means "having much influence", so influential people or things have the power to change other people or things in some way.
The 2006 version could connect with mobile phones and personal computers.
Sektörün 2005 yılının ilk 6 ayında gerçekleştirdiği ihracat 3 bin 473 tona karşılık 8 milyon 513 bin dolar olarak kayıtlara geçti.
Leahy is the senorist Democratic Senate politician in the United States.
Qazi was born in 1938 in Nowshera District, Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.
，尽管他患有严重的失听，但还是参加了新西兰远征军在法国的战斗 citation ，并在1918年2月被一枚落在英军阵地的炮弹炸掉了左腿。
The chemical contents of caecilian poison have not been well studied.
He served as a representative from 1973 through 1981.
孔子: Philosopher, 551–479 BCE, associated with the piece Kongzi Duyi 《孔子讀易》, Weibian Sanjue 《韋編三絕》 and Youlan 《幽蘭》.
In 2007 he produced the album El Pentagono, in which participate various artists of the musical genre.
JR時間表1993年2、3月號 。
A street girl selling flowers, Eliza, meets Professor Higgins.
It will also have their two-item number.
曾参加了1920年代末到1930年代在家乡河北定县（今河北定州市）
At this tournament, he played 3 matches as defender.
此外，亦有部分HXD2C配屬太原局集團轄下非全資附屬機構-大同地方鐵路公司，而該等機車並無漆上國鐵路徽。
; 「勝手にシンデレラ」（第1話~第17話）
They fell to 0-12.
据娱乐今晚报道，勒布郎在约会《
His season also included two pole positions, three fastest laps and two lap records.
She later earned her Master of Architecture from the Department of Architecture and Urban Design at UCLA in 2003.
American Association of Variable Star Observers (AAVSO).
Önce bu koleksiyon bir eski okul binasında (Perse Okulu) ve eski üniversite kütüphanesinde sergilenmiştir.
Hugh Dunn Fisher tried to run away from his home with his two sons.
Almanya hükûmeti, ülkenin zayıf askerî durumu ve ekonomik koşulları nedeniyle batılı ülkelerce sunulan fırsatları kaçırmamak için ülkeye empoze edilen Sovyet karşıtı konumu kabul etti.
Bu Alman birliği, operasyonun bittiği mart sonunda gücünün %44'ünü kaybetmişti.
人行步道地下为连接各街区地下车库的地下道路 。
By design, DES and therefore TDES, suffer from slow performance in software.
The match was originally meant to consist of 30 games, but when it became obvious that there were insufficient funds (Lasker demanded a fee of 1,000 marks per game played), the number of games was reduced to ten.
The large size of the aleph articles reflects the enthusiasm of the early editors.
Straight Outta Compton was released on August 14, 2015.
This was considered to be a dangerous time.
The potential of white dwarf cosmochronology.
These accusations led to a wide-ranging investigation.
There is also a case that looks like a gun for the Wii Remote and Nunchuk.
His father was a Member of Parliament and of the Antigua Labour Party.
After World War 2 ended, Korea was divided into North Korea which was controlled by Russia and South Korean which was governed by the United State of America.
The high school was in Morrowville.
其老住宅门上有“太史第”匾额，即凌霄得第时悬上的。
The game has been improved a lot by players from all the world and has many contributors.
People from eastern Asia are called by their own ethnic origins.
多瑙河中游盆地就开始于布拉迪斯拉发西部的德文门。
Yüzölçümü 911.73 km² olan şehrin nüfusu 31 Aralık 2011 tarihi itibarı ile 77,304'tür.
Clark followed that up with 848 yards and six scores in the 2008 season.
In 2010, 1,651 people lived there.
In the end, the series had a four season run.
Precious", "Madam", and "the Lady".
The order is: atrial systole → ventricular systole → cardiac diastole.
Asıl olarak gri ve kahverengi renklidir ancak koyu ve açık birbirini takip eden çizgiler şeklinde desenleri olabilir.
He co-wrote it with Ian La Frenais.
Wolman 1967'den 1970'lerin sonlarına kadar derginin ilk "Baş Fotoğrafçısı" oldu.
These dialects are therefore mutually intelligible.
就此，有人认为塞克赫米布是卡塞凯姆威的前任法老。
Formal verification of mixed-signal designs using extended affine arithmetic.
In the year 2001, 1.1 billion people were seen as extremely poor, and 2.7 billion were seen as moderately poor.
The half population of Punjab depends on agriculture, that's why its known as food-provider (anna-datta- in Punjabi).
Other recent constructions in the area include Sai Smaran Sai Garden, Prestige Kew Gardens, Rohan Jharoka II Apartments, R.S. Green View Apartments and Sai Johith Homes.
在第三季最後一集中克莉絲汀娜和柏克走入禮堂，但最後無疾而終，柏克也因此離開醫院。
Because light is an abundant particle, it is used for measuring other particles.
Treatment is determined by whether the PH is arterial, venous, hypoxic, thromboembolic, or miscellaneous.
他为了巴结翁叔平而来这里做说客，嘴巴里说得天花乱坠，想要欺骗我乞假开缺，一边给翁叔平让出一个协办大学士的位置……哼！
Daha sonra Los Flores'teki apartman ve depoları araştırtınca Big Smoke'un burada olmadığını ve kesinlikle Doğu Los Santos'ta olduğunu öğrendi.
Her debut single "F.
It also alters the cells of the host in ways which help the parasite.
Most days from January to March are pleasantly warm, averaging convert with frequent sunshine.
但清军未能阻止义和团破坏津芦铁路。
Their colours are white and blue.
，是江川首次與眾世界男排列強交手，
、香港租賃版本的DVD以及廉政公署推出的官方版本DVD亦同樣未有收錄《空卡》的足本導演特別版。
The average person could not afford it. citation Machines to spin the sugar were invented in 1897 by William Morrison and John C. Wharton.
He has also been the lead singer in The V.I.P.s, Art and the Hamburg Blues Band, among others.
He called it the International African Association.
When Boudica protested, Paulinus had her flogged, and her two daughters raped in public.
This is when sperm from a donor male is placed in a woman to make a pregnancy.
For this reason, it is generally said to be part of Russia.
Nazim (similar to a deputy mayor).
All the songs were written by Bernard Fanning.
聾人青年協會回應時表示，協會會員苦練數月，目的是為向外界宣揚傷健共融訊息，不希望不愉快事件發生。
Haunted hayrides attract people who like to get scared, and make money for farms during the Halloween season.
File:Edvard Munch - On the Sofa - Google Art Project.
Since the early 1990s, he has had a wrestling school called the "School of Hard Knocks".
The members are Perrie Edwards, Jesy Nelson, Leigh-Anne Pinnock and Jade Thirlwall.
Of 92 possible modes of life — combinations of feeding style, tiering and motility — no more than a dozen are occupied by the end of the Ediacaran.
，後中華人民共和國高階代表團於5日抵達，獲得比希接見。
Jane's execution was postponed from 9 February to 12 February, to try and make her a Catholic.
Before that could happen, the Federation collapsed due to internal political conflicts.
AFWV was started in 1921.
Now, kindergarten through fourth grade students go to this school.
PPPL is located on Princeton University's Forrestal Campus.
It was originally named Description des contrés du Royaume de Pologne, when it was first published in 1651.
After the same part went wrong in an attempt to start the flight on 9 December, the start of the flight was moved to January 2008, and later to February.
It was later transferred to her half-brother in 1528.
Jean Elizabeth Muir CBE FCSD (/mjʊər/ MEWR; 17 July 1928 – 28 May 1995) was a famous British fashion designer.
There are a few in Germany, France and Italy.
In 1493, he published the Nuremberg Chronicles, also known as the World Chronicles (Schedelsche Weltchronik), an illustrated history of the world from the creation to the present day.
The first units ordered were for the London Midland Region, with the majority of the class for use in North West of England with sets also in Tyneside (being made redundant by the opening of the Tyne & Wear Metro in 1980).
台灣清治末期至日治初期，泉州厝地區為一街庄，稱為「泉州厝庄」，
Noritake died on March 6, 1994 at the age of 71.
Circumference (when growing) convert, height convert.
These objects are extremely big, thousand to millions of times the volume of our Sun, and extremely luminous.
American settlers in California wanted to be free of the Mexican government.
People with trichotillomania may pull hair from anywhere on the body.
Pumas are mainly tan-color, and can be up to 9 feet long, although average length is 6 – 8 feet.
The McLaren F1 has three seats, with driver sitting in the middle.
It was the name of the chief of the Potawatomi Indians.
Noah is 6 feet and 11 inches.
Shells have many different shapes, sizes, and colors.
抵达英国海岸后，希佩尔的战列巡洋舰被分为两组。
Tailstrikes usually do not have serious effects, such as killing people.
He made his international debut at the 1939 European Championships, where he placed 5th.
Ayrıca, şehrin sanayi ve tüccarlar sitesi ile Sosyal Güvenlik Kurumu binası mahalle sınırları içerisindedir.
Ayrıca bu kökün yaratmak anlamı da bulunur.
國際日期變更線，在南方群島的土布艾群島西南約220公里的洋面達到最大食分。
It was one of the most critically acclaimed and popular comedies of its time. citation The movie was the third most popular movie at the British box office in 1963.
比格斯爵士之后一直生活在纽波特附近的崔迪迦大宅，直到以28岁高寿去世。
On January 16 and January 17, 2007 it has an reach launched for sales.
The incident became known as the Kegworth air disaster and is the first loss of a Boeing 737-400.
Rod Evans put together a band and tried to perform as "Deep Purple", advertising it as a reunion although he was the only member who had ever been part of the band during its initial time together.
Stephen was subsequently released from prison and had himself recrowned on the anniversary of his first coronation.
，在清朝乾隆年間編撰的《霍邱县志》已提及梅山。
Since this day, 8 April is the Roma national day.
Lee said that being president of the company was too much about numbers and finance and not enough about the creative process he enjoyed.
垒球运动的器材包括：垒球、球棒、手套、队服和护具。
But the dynasty was still weakening due to the attacks of the Turks, Rashtrakutas and several other dynasties.
It does not have a control tower.
Reproductive maturity occurs at seven to ten years.
's President Akhmad Kadyrov is killed in an attack.
The switch between the "source" and "drain" is usually off.
Wilson attacked the new prime minister as "an elegant anachronism".
He published an important study on it in 1876.
This helped him to be a great composer.
；次年改中共晋察冀中央局党校干部处处长兼教务处副主任 citation 。
After three months of slow advance, the Wermacht finally reached the river banks.
Next two companies – Payne, Trapps and Co Ltd, and Small Owners Limited sold land for houses and small farms.
，並於第1屆全國音樂周上演奏《早晨》取得成功。
The only effective treatment for plants already infected is to cut off the affected branches and dispose of them.
He was married to Susan Groff from 1978 until they divorced in 1979.
She is best known for writing novels.
Often beachcombers pick them.
Namibia has numerous species wanted by international sport hunters.
In 1897, Susan Collumb died.
於下午16時55分，臺灣世曦二度進入隧道進行「內空光達掃描」作業。
》時，才收錄在該專輯的美國版中。
隨著奧斯曼的勢力越來越強大，拜占庭人紛紛逃離原本居住的安納托利亞村莊。
两位游客(Kelli Harrison 和 David Darrington)被困于外侧拱桥之上，
The judges said that the painting was indecent (very rude).
In return the apprentice would be learning the trade.
甲午，杀昌平侯杨俊；杀都督范广。
The minus is that the flying object finds it less easy to dart around.
，奉化素有“新郎拾蒂头，夫妻难到头”的俗话，被視為不吉。
During his last years he again gave much attention to instrumental music, mainly chamber music.
她心生不滿逃家，巧遇剛離開「幸剛」準備自立門戶的信之，從而成為阿信的員工。
版本 1709（秋季创意者更新）
In battle, human characters can attact by themselves or using tanks, while all character's health points equals 0, battle was lost.
Because no other witnesses could confirm the couple stayed in his house, during the murder at Knox's house, they were both sent to trial.
國安法及國歌法案的通過，引起本地民主派及國際社會的強烈關注及不滿，
For example, Baroque (or Rococo) architecture is different to classical architecture.
File:Peugeot Expert white front.
He has not destroyed the Varden or dwarves because he cannot yet find them in the large mountain range.
The plan began in 1940.
This is also the reason young females can have longer hair than older women.
其中的ふ就是後來五段動詞的語尾う（
If it occurs, the player who chose "Go" should pay for the other player's money to the winner including his own.
Not only was the spiraling internal ramp used, but an external ramp was probably used to move the bigger blocks.
The town did not have a cultural life that would be in competition with Wagner's music.
KAP'a yaptığı açıklamada (futbol takımı)mız Teknik Direktörlüğü için Şirketimiz ile Roberto Mancini arasında 2013-2014 futbol sezonundan başlamak üzere 3 futbol sezonu anlaşmaya varılmıştır.
在2008年成立動靜音樂製作公司（唱片公司），
He died after a short illness on 20 April 2015 in Northwood, aged 95/96.
據說非常怕蟲，化妝包裡甚至隨時備有殺蟲劑。
Ottoman rulers were known primarily by the title of Sultan and sometimes also used the title of Caliph.
These roots take in water quickly after a rain.
Blue lines indicate main roads, grey lines indicate railway lines, and pink dotted lines indicate district boundaries.
Light is one of the most important resources in environments for plant species.
Caribbean poetry is a vast and vibrant field of poetry.
His most known book is Vilks vienacis (Wolf One-Eye, 1996).
It is sometimes just called arterial blood.
Dimension stone is stone that has been selected and cut to specific shapes or sizes.
If a sorcerer can catch the trapped soul, the sorcerer becomes more powerful.
Honey bees are only a small fraction of the roughly 20,000 known species of bees.
Parents of children killed in the schools say they have yet to receive any reports.
He won the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in 2005.
It started in 1931, when it was called "Electric and Music Industries".
'nin doğum yeri olarak da bilinir.
Sports are a big part of the cultural life in Chicago.
数件叛变之事见Wakeman 1985，第543–45页所述。
When the book series first begins, Nancy's best friend is Helen Corning, who is a few years older than Nancy.
Clarence Alexander Avant (born February 25, 1931) is an American music executive, entrepreneur, and movie producer.
为此，拉萨计划建设有轨电车，其中的1号线于2014年通过初审 citation 。
The Cathedral was founded in 680 with Bishop Bosel as its head.
Like all plesiosaurs, it used its large paddles to swim.
This routine, except the time allowed in the garden, changed very little throughout the years, although each of the controlling nations made their own interpretation of the prison regulations.
He was also the Nigerian Ministry of Transport from 1979 until 1983.
Its constructiion started in the 1980s.
Species or groups are put in the wastebsket taxon when they do not fit into one of the regular taxa.
延边龙鼎足球俱乐部，原名延边海兰江足球俱乐部，
The Triumvirate lasted from 43 BC to 33 BC.
Bill Pai Mei’yin bu tekniği kimseye, hatta kendisine bile öğretmediğini söyler.
Almost all vipers have ridged scales, a well built body with a short tail and, to make room for the venom glands, a triangular-shaped head.
Bunların başlarının bir süre sonra alındığı düşünülmektedir.
She was part of the China women's national volleyball team.
However, Mirza Hyder Kashgari Douglat set this shrine on fire in 1548 AD.
They married on 24 May 1952 and divorced in 1956.
They wrote musical plays called Sangeet Naatak.
See Freight revival for more information.
Layout of Laguna Seca at the time the event was held there as a non-championship event.
However, some states refused to change their laws.
Their offices are locations in San Francisco (California) and Belgrade (Serbia). citation citation citation Finances Online awarded Workpuls with a Rising Star Award in 2016, and a Great User Experience Award in 2017.
This new thinking of biology is claimed to be the new modern way of looking at personality traits.
The area's first recorded flood was the Great Flood of 1844.
二五减租，是一项减轻佃农地租的土地政策。
Laurens Antonius Josephus Maria Dassen (born 19 October 1985) is a Dutch politician and former bank employee.
Samsun Sosyal Bilimler Lisesi öğrencilerinin edebiyat üzerine yazdıkları makalelerden oluşan iki ciltlik Makalat ve Türkiye'nin entelektüel yazarları ve şairleriyle yapmış olduğu mülakatlarının yer aldığı iki ciltlik Mülakat adlı eserleri bulunmaktadır.
A few e-cards came with new copies of the game, while two sets (called "series") of cards, were released and sold with the game.
Each side of the body has red, orange, and white spots.
如果政府对由法院申述的法律感到不满意，它可以要求国会改写法律，只要不与宪法性议题有关联。
Trustrup Jensen's first match for Denmark came in September 2013.
她在1913年至1920年连续​​取得四场胜利，而在1915年至1918年之间没有举行比赛，与main的成绩相同。
In 2003 there was an exhibition at the National Gallery of Art, Washington.
According to the Assam government, 1.3 lakhs such people residing in the Barak Valley are eligible for citizenship if the Citizenship (Amendment) Act, 2019 becomes a law.
Princess Ida has its roots in the work of a poet little read today, and its themes are somewhat dated.
北京师范学院分院是在1978年中国兴起高校办分校的潮流下，由北京师范学院创办的市属普通本科院校。
A symptom of this sort of attack is a window when browsing to a secure site that says something along the lines of "This website's authentication check has failed".
The Noseleaf is shaped as in the photograph.
Bayanlarda ise Çin millî basketbol takımı, üçüncülüğü elde etmiştir.
Aircraft are constantly subjected to cyclic loading.
He is buried at the Greenridge Cemetery in Saratoga Springs, New York.
At some levels, various legislation has created alternative types of administrative division.
Altın madenini bulmanın, insanların kendi yaşamsal ihtiyaçlarını sağlamaktan çok daha önemli olduğuna onları ikna edecek, John Smith gibi güçlü liderler seçiliyordu.
“奥运缶”等北京奥运会、残奥会使用的物品，并接受了各界捐赠物上千件，
These fuels are renewable.
Bunlar dükkanda sergilenecek ve dükkan sahibi her bir müşteri için gerekli miktarda bisküviyi bir kâğıt torbaya yerleştirecekti.
The open beak of the Pelican is also associated with the ability of the deceased to leave the burial chamber and go out into the rays of the sun, possibly an analogy made between the long cavernous beak of the pelican and the tomb shaft.
The book became famous for several reasons, but mainly because it is written in a new this style.
During the first year, the cubs begin to eat solid food but still nurse from their mother.
He retired from the Air Force in 1966.
He acted as Utbah ibn Rabiah in the 2012's in the historical drama series Umar ibn al-Khattab.
As a result, Croatia claims a large part of the area controlled by Serbia, while Serbia does not claim the smaller parts on the other side.
A new "rage" system has been added, which allows characters to do more damage per hit when their health is low.
'dan bu yana İngiltere'de görülmeyen bir seviye.
In 2006, the U.S. Congress passed the "Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor Act".
This book won the 1979 Lewis Carroll Shelf Award.
，费萨尔国王试图阻止激进的神职人员控制宗教机构，如沙特阿拉伯最高宗教机构高级乌里玛委员会，或担任Grand Mufti等宗教机构 ，负责维护伊斯兰教法。
These schools left ECAC Lacrosse before 2014.
It was then reused in 1983, 1986, and 1989.
He was elected a member of parliament from Khulna-1 in February 1996.
They also keep signals from the brain from getting through to the body, so the brain cannot tell the muscles to relax.
Instead, there are multiple combinations of 0 and 1. A battery placed under the frame powers the system.
When King Louis V died with no heir Adalbero of Reims made a plea for electing Hugh Capet.
Eva Fodor Nolding (November 9, 1919 December 10, 2017), known professionally as Eva Todor was a Hungarian-born Brazilian actress.
It literally means friend, colleague, but an also mean ally.
Khanpur is a nice and historical city of punjab, Pakistan.
This destructive method of argument was used by him to such an extent that he became famous for it.
He was the editor of the Mexican newspaper Excelsior from 1968 to 1976.
'da bu konuyu incelemek üzere "Masaryk Çalışma Akademisi" (
He won 16 world and 35 national records during his swimming career.
Like all other tigers, Siberian tigers have orange fur with black stripes.
He also worked to allow women to vote.
气旋途经背风群岛期间降下瓢泼大雨，并以波多黎各东南部雨量最高，达298毫米 citation ，在多个岛上引发洪灾。
After this, he began designing apartments that could be stacked on top of each other, to house people and meet their needs.
因此緬甸人開始產生對印度人的仇視，以致在1930年爆發反印度人的暴動。
Argon is often used when welding steel and similar work, to push away the air around the weld, so the oxygen in the air can't join with the metal being welded.
Introduced in 1912, this innovation was rapidly imitated by the other major pen makers.
Another name used for the governorate is El Wadi El Gedid Governorate.
"Fell on Black Days" was like this ongoing fear I've had for years.
到了10月16日晚，法比安已转变成温带气旋，表明此前的确被低压槽吸收 。
，茶饭不思，常常独坐在办公室内，
A new element in this game is the Game Guy Space.
It was first performed in 1666.
The capital is Mongo.
Indiana University Press on behalf of the Center for Advanced Holocaust Studies.
Bakterinin kendi DNA'sı metillenmiş olduğu için bu restriksiyon enzimleri tarafından tanınmaz.
In 1992, he received the Landau prize of the Russian Academy of Sciences.
A judge named Hardin then tells another judge, Caulfield, of a Star Chamber (judges that identify criminals who fell through the cracks of the judicial system).
The D23, D17E, D113B and D974 roads pass through or near Meursault.
Suzette was put on the drums.
In some hollow point rifle bullets, the front may spread out to two times as wide as the bullet was when it started.
I put abstract feelings on the same level as abstract thoughts.
Lakshmi is the epitome of everything good and prosperous in the world.
On 1 September 1994 the former municipality of Chandon merged into the municipality of Léchelles, keeping the name Léchelles.
It has been published continuously since 1909, and is also available online.
Until this day, ‘griots’ still tell stories of the ancient history in the area.
It was the last Beatles project finished before the band broke up.
Then it is discovered that Maggie has been watching Lisa so carefully that she could sense what the answers were.
The same thing was true in Chinese: the word meant "power" a long time ago but now means "virtue".
A doctor can call or fax the prescription to the pharmacy.
Each numbered radial corridor intersects with the corresponding numbered group of offices (for example, corridor 5 divides the 500 series office block).
，不再绕道三墩、祥符桥、小河。
Dee Vance Benson (August 25, 1948 – November 30, 2020) was an American politician and lawyer.
Richard Wayne Peck (April 5, 1934 – May 23, 2018) was an American novelist.
How can Timmy get his dad to stop helping without hurting his feelings?
线下等级为国铁II级标准，线上等级为地方铁路I级。
It also stops people from wanting more.
He lived a regular life, reading, walking in the forest, composing during the day and playing music with his friends in the evenings.
This is a modern technical computing system made by Wolfram Research.
Its current leader is Younus AlGohar.
Karthikeyan started in the 11th position.
，因此得用切割的方式移出車體，加上事故現場受豪雨及地形影響，隧道內空間狹窄，出事地點偏僻，大型機具無法進入隧道，只能用千斤頂和人力施工，增加搶修困難。
The first naval infantry unit was established in 1975 and was known as the 126th Brigade.
島上居民說的方言，據說是瑞典最古老的語言。
" and "Put a Little Love in Your Heart".
Ferdinand Emmanuel Edralin Marcos (September 11, 1917 – September 28, 1989) was a Filipino politician and lawyer.
The ego separates out what is real.
His poems have appeared in literary journals in the U.S. and in the Twentieth-Century American Poetry, New York: McGraw-Hill, 2003.
Atina birliklerinin büyük kısmı doğruca Pers birliklerini izlemeye gönderildi.
The name comes from the words wityu (meaning "hooked stick") and vartu (meaning "
，迫使歐盟多個成員國接收大批難民。
The painting was made in 1866.
儘管它曾經由一些英國的裝甲師裝備，并用于訓練和本土防守，但因為冷卻系統的缺陷，讓它沒法跨海到炎熱的地方作戰。
因此靠母親把單位分租出去賺取生活費 ，而且數度搬屋 citation 。
Some of The Human League's hit songs are "Don't You Want Me", "Keep Feeling Fascination", "The Lebanon" and "Human".
The first part is to research human behavior that is and/or can be related to the legal process.
Because of this, rivers here are short; some of them are Acul du Sud, Torbeck, Ravine du Sud, de l'Ilet, Cavaillon, des Anglais, Port à Piment, Saut Mathurine, de Tiburon.
Loliolus sumatrensis, Kobi squid（中國大陸名：
Little'ın göreve geldiği sırada Darlington, Dördüncü Lig'in son sırasındaydı.
José'nin Peter adında kendinden büyük bir erkek kardeşi vardı, ancak 2 yaşında öldüğü için tahtın varisi konumuna geldi.
But the one who does not know and does things deserving punishment will be beaten with few blows.
AIDS cases in most countries in Western Europe have fallen to levels not seen since the initial outbreak; many people attribute this trend to active education campaigns, blood transfusion screening and increased condom use.
She previously dated NBA player James Harden and music producer French Montana.
When Gaby has to take care of Xiao-Mei, who are carrying Carlos and Gabrielle's child, it really makes her furious, since she was the woman Carlos was cheating with.
Buyoya was the second longest-serving Burundian president.
A king and queen long for a child.
SM Entertainment's revenues grew 53% in 2011 compared to the year before.
峰尾区配东风7C型调机一台，主要担当列车编、,站修所取送作业并协助驼峰调机的解体作业 citation 。
It had to be made better because collections of objects can cause problems if we work with them without explaining them better.
当投票结果出现平局时，以下解决方式曾经被使用。
The genus Ribes includes the edible currants (
Eğer onun bir kısmını size gönül razısıyla verirlerse onu da âfiyetle yiyin."
When a function refers to itself, it often uses a smaller input than the input it was given.
She didn't want to add to the story at first, because the story was already finished.
後來，救援隊於機場西北方68公里附近的山區發現了飛機殘骸，機上當時已無人生還。
车内发现盛汽油装置、砍刀、铁棍，及印有“
As of 2005, roughly 90% of the New Forest is still owned by the Crown.
He was also a food writer and appeared on television shows such as Saturday Kitchen, MasterChef and The Roux Legacy.
She goes on many of the Turtles' adventures and helps them by doing the work in public that the Turtles cannot.
She played 81 games for Japan until 2016.
In 2007, the National Education Association named the book one of its "Teachers' Top 100 Books for Children."
Originally conceptualized in 1999, Moura is a stepping stone in addressing the CO2 issue by way of Solar Energy.
He carefully described the connection between Austen's attitude towards the literature of her time and how she used irony to show the difference of how society was, and how she thought it could be.
》 第4集－第5集（2009年11月1日 - 8日 TBS） - 飾演 野風（幼少期）
This caused the evacuation of 8,200 people in the region.
Giovanni Battista Pittoni «Bachus i Ariadna»; National Museum in Warsaw mnw.
It is missing brackets in the calculation, so it compiles and runs but does not give the right answer.
They were not loyal to the kingdom itself.
最终乐队于1991年签约Geffen唱片公司，并于1994年发行了他们的另一张专辑Second Coming。
In 1803 there was no Abbay anymore.
The two series are played in late May each year after the first and second rounds of the playoffs and before the Finals.
The main reason for their popularity was because of their apparent "intelligence", reflected in their ability to develop language skills.
我们首先证明f是 -可测函数。
It consists of two panels of toughened glass, bonded together with polyvinyl butyal (PVB).
Orada Tank Birliğinde çavuş olarak görev yaptı.
，名融 《尉迟敬德墓志铭》：“公讳融字敬德”，
在這種情況下，島本因演技與形象接近而受到稱讚，山田則是得到「誇張的感覺和令人沮喪的行為，讓形象稍為有點偏離」的評價。
Jenkins de listelerde 1 numaraya kadar yükselmiş olan albüm Love Is the Thing'i 1957 yılı Nisan'ında aranje etti.
Kitapta yer alan bir haritadan elde edilmiş bilgilerde, parselin bulunduğu yapı adasının büyük çoğunluğunun doğal kıyı çizgisine göre deniz tarafında kaldığı gözlenmektedir Galata'nın topografik ve arkeolojik planında Karaköy Meydanı.
·伯格曼撰写的，他也是本片的导演和制片人。
Limiting access to specific content on the internet is also called internet filtering.
，进一步显现出了关于缺乏互操作性的证据。
Nature 445:422-425 The dates show that the last of the megafauna became extinct around the same time, about 47,000 years ago.
The following year, a newspaper printed eleven design proposals (all but one of which was a Nordic Cross), and polled the people to determine the most popular.
Saturn believed he had eaten Jupiter but Jupiter was saved.
The Vanson Forest is found in the north, south, and east.
Usually, they send photographs of which living things they saw and say where and when they saw them.
After ending June with 254 confirmed cases, the number of confirmed cases had doubled by 13 June, with a further 44 cases confirmed on that day alone.
This suggests it has survived many climate changes.
Article Five of the Constitution allows this to be done in two different ways.
Ailesi içinde "Yadigar" takma adıyla hitap edilmiştir.
Ipshita misses her mother, Shorvori and Parth also remembers every moment spent with his wife's Shorvori and Teni because Shorvori is dead and Teni is missing.
遊戲以《魔法門》與《英雄無敵》系列的故事為背景，
In the 1990s, people were again interested in his music and career.
It is a rating based on a mathematical formula based on the car's width and center of gravity.
The first crates used to transport anything were hampers or baskets.
He was the last President to own slaves while in office.
George Shelby, her son, is unhappy because he admires Uncle Tom as his friend and Christian.
He always presented himself as a man of center-left.
Bununla beraber, ne animede ne de mangada hiç terfi alıp almadığından bahsedilmez.
Superfast Ferries services between Rosyth and Zeebrugge (
連同 「阿吶」號的五十四俘虜（英人四十九名，漢人五名），共有一百八十七名俘虜被囚於臺南。
The show ran for other versions.
Yokohama was an entrance for foreign cultures for a long time.
K-10 is a state highway that goes east-west.
SATA ports on a drive: The short port on the left is used for transmitting data, the long one on the right is used to supply power.
每天总共有5朵小红花，分别是不尿床、自己穿衣服、上厕所、洗手、不讲话。
In series 6, he was given a shock when he found out that Georgiadis was dating his daughter.
This combined the name of the landowner (William de Gorsty) with the local plant called 'gorse'
不过维多利亚瀑布不总是这样庞大，在干旱的年间在九月和十月它也会变成一条小溪。
Iraq owed a great amount of money to Saudi Arabia and had difficulty paying it back.
Their bodies are shaped for diving.
He had no experience writing ballet stories so he called upon Vernoy de St. Georges, a man who had written many stories for the ballet.
However this interpretation is distinct from the use of the term in Hindu philosophy.
We have Na + and Cl - ions because NaCl dissociates.
Top government institutes, such as IITs, accept LGBT people more.
People living here are worried about their privacy.
They can rotate and enlarge them to any way they want and explore the community built maps from other people.
The Committee chose IntelliSafe's approach, as it provided more flexibility.
Number 282 shows a group of naked women just before they went into the gas chamber.
It became his most important side project until his death.
The main kinds are container ships for mostly manufactured goods, and bulk carriers including oil tankers.
Europa's mantle is 1165 km thick.
It was the third Canadian team to join the MLS.
There are seats downstairs (the stalls), four tiers of boxes, a balcony and a gallery.
She was the only child in her family.
He started racing in motorcycling in 1952, won his first race in 1956, as well as winning the 500cc Motorcycle Championship in 1956, as well as 1958, 1959 and 1960.
ARGONITE / C-60無色無味且中性，不會造成溫室效應。
Their cones open only after a fire.
After their conversion they started a Christian musical career but later on they returned to their previous career.
Many of the features of tetrapods (land vertebrates) evolved from features with different functions in the ancestral lobe-finned fish (
诗中，恩利尔召唤出了镐并宣布了其用途。
It was taken over by the Missouri, Kansas and Texas Railroad (MKT) in July of 1893.
，发现是吉迪恩曼特尔龙最基础的鸟脚类动物。
William James Hoffer, The Caning of Charles Sumner: Honor, Idealism, and the Origins of the Civil War (2010) p. 62 Sumner had to stop his political career until he recovered two years later.
Germany's upper chamber of parliament, the Bundesrat, represents the Länder.
In all these languages, the term also means cleared, free of weeds, trees.
认知风格与认知能力（水平）不同，后者可以通过能力倾向测验或所谓智力测验进行测量。
These benefits are present even if the buffered data are written to the buffer once and read from the buffer once.
There are two types of antipsychotic medications.
He wrote a lot of ideas in his notebooks, but he did not think these ideas were ready for publication, yet they turned out to be very important.
The DPP is a member of Liberal International and a founding member of the Council of Asian Liberals and Democrats.
To break this bond needs the same amount of energy as was released when it was formed.
This usually comes about because parasites evolve with their hosts, and when host populations split, their parasites split also.
They may be used to progress in certain parts of the game, or they can be used to stun enemies.
This helped Go-Daigo to briefly return to power.
It dissolves in water to produce hydroiodic acid.
That means "Bremerhaven Central railway station", and it was called that way because it was now in the middle of the new, large city.
The competition was held from 9th to the 13th; the first semifinal was on Tuesday, May 9, the second semifinal on Thursday, May 11 and the grand final was on Saturday, May 13.
This happens only in countries which have an electoral system based wholly or partly on party-list proportional representation.
This combination of woven fiberglass and resin is sent through an oven at a high temperature.
Kan için Elfo'yu sağmaya başlıyor, baş döndürücü bir Elfo'yu yorumlamaya başlıyor, "Beyni kurumuş gibi hissediyor".
In the end, many kingdoms were defeated by the British and the riches taken.
在說一切有部中，品類論自古受到很高的尊崇，其地位幾乎等同《
Some cleaners with these machines keep traditional machines on-site for the heavier soiled textiles.
The Queensland Government is planning to protect 13 of Cape York Peninsula’s wild rivers under the Wild Rivers Act 2005.
A variable is a piece of the program that can be changed.
He was cast to the ground and sentenced to always having to wriggle on the ground like a snake.
他從2000年開始領導民主聯盟，直到2007年退休。
During production, she still appeared on Broadway in Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?
在与26位牙医会面后，美国牙醫协会于1859年成立。1867年左右，建立了第一所大学附属的牙科学校，即哈佛牙科学校。
This improves the sensitivity of the fingertip, even though there are no nerve endings in the nail itself.
She also terma most of the hidden teachings called termas.
Portuguese and Spaniards, and also Belgians and Maltese were among the early settlers.
It is generally either 10- or 12-
NICRA寻求为北爱的天主教与民族派平反。
During that time, he was replaced by Joe McConnell.
This has made it increasingly difficult for conservationists to protect the most threatened species on the planet".
The books are the story of ""pious Aeneas".
The shape of the table was very important.
他亦不會遺忘對未影奪去了其愛人的仇恨，在對抗於司令室出現的未影時更將機械手換上光束炮。
六、指导、监督管理全市公安机关依法查处危害社会秩序行为，参与处置严重危害社会安定的突发性案（事）件、聚众闹事、骚乱事件和灾害事故，依法管理户籍、居民身份证、枪支弹药、危险物品和特种行业等工作。
Amahl pesters them with many questions.
The brighter a star is, the higher its plot will be on this chart.
This leads to the misunderstanding that string theorists began making strange hypotheses after they became unaccountably "set free from truth".
It is made of IRT-operated services.
Autoloaders and tape libraries are frequently used to automate cartridge handling.
Lorre played the role of Joel Cairo in the movie The Maltese Falcon (1941) and played the role of "Ugarte" in the movie Casablanca (1942).
This award for animation was started in 2001.
双方表演完成后观众统一进行投票。
，還是入侵法蘭西起了些爭議，造成內部分裂 。
As of the 2009 census, 63,610 people lived there.
Hoobastank has four members; the current band members are Doug Robb, Dan Estrin, Chris Hesse and Jesse Charland.
He also wrote for the web-based motor sport magazine pitpass.
His suit is blue.
Munro was well known at the time for being featured in advertisements for Lamb's Navy Rum.
In telling about the arrest of Jesus to be crucified, the book mentions a young man who was almost caught by the guards, but who slipped out of his robe and got away.
A person who keeps pet rats is said to be involved in "rat fancy."
These screens can sense only one finger at a time and get confused if you try to press in two places at once.
The county town of Morpeth is rather nearby.
It is unknown what happened to her severed head.
Secret Places is a 1984 British drama movie directed by Zelda Barron and based on the novel by Janice Elliott.
His autobiography, A Writer's Life, was published in 1994.
"Brythonic" and "Brythonic languages" are names that are no longer common.
If someone is fed barium sulfide, it would kill them.
They may think of their family as their herd to take care of. citation The Komondors are convert and must be at least converthigh.
A chromosome-based draft sequence of the hexaploid bread wheat (Triticum aestivum) genome.
Marcia also means "proud, warlike, martial".
For example, the isotropic radiator is an imaginary antenna that sends signals equally in all directions.
The Harrow Inn (
Özellikle ülkeyi diktatör bir rejim ile yöneten Francisco Macías Nguemas döneminde Bubiler, etnik kimliklerinden dolayı yaşadıkları sıkıntılar nedeniyle başka ülkelere göç etmişlerdir.
Alison Cronin and her husband got an MBE in 2006 for Services to Animal Welfare, as well as starting the Endangered Asian Species Trust.
In the 2008 contest, he came back with song "Believe" and he won with 272 points.
Hospitalization is rarely required.
Hercules agrees and the two men walk off to the next adventure.
，以香港警務處在1970至1972年內之貪污問題尤甚於嚴重，
Because of the high power levels used by traction motors, they create a lot of heat.
On November 6, 2016, WikiLeaks released a second batch of DNC emails, adding 8,263 emails to its collection.
It is Mali's second largest city with 225,753 people in the 2009 census.
's most toxic plants, being highly poisonous to humans.
Involves the characters of the Nickelodeon cartoon The Wild Thornberrys with Action-adventure styled gameplay.
The county was made in 1836.
The animatronic characters in the first game of the series are named Freddy Fazbear, Bonnie, Chica, Foxy and Golden Freddy.
The workers only used spades, and the rubble was taken away by horses and steam locomotives.
群众的议论，并非一切都是深思熟虑过的，也不可能要求都是完全正确的。
It was the band's eleventh studio album.
It is southwest of Durham and northwest of Raleigh.
Clicking these icons will open or start a folder or program.
Handmade, lead-based kohl continues to be popular.
Downtown Georgetown, Texas in July 2010.
A water molecule consists of one oxygen atom and two hydrogen atoms held together by a covalent bond.
Simple, hard working, strong, peace-loving, trusting.
Their experiment studied reaction time.
The company takes its name from the combination of Foubert's first name (Guy) with that of his wife, Liliane.
'Tube' is often made to custom sizes and may often have more specific sizes and tolerances than pipe.
The DJ on the right is scratching.
Shlaim halen Britanya'da yaşamaktadır ve hem Birleşik Krallık hem de İsrail pasaportu taşımaktadır.
The rheumatism led to akylosis of his joints, tendons, and muscles.
BR's Swindon Works were chosen to design and build express units for the ex-North British Railway Edinburgh Waverley to Glasgow Queen Street route.
Due to her being a child of Hades, Bianca managed to destroy them.
This is because eating and drinking are not allowed.
More than 40 collectors from the UK flew out for the event and 20 paintings were sold on the opening night.
On 14 September 1998, Stipetić was named honorary citizen of Ogulin.
，設於城門北邊一段距離處（1915年～1923年）。
In 1918 a law was made in Austria to stop people from using “von” as part of their name, and so from then onwards he was always known as “Anton Webern”.
These people formed organizations such as the Mladorossi, the Evraziitsi, and the Smenovekhovtsi.
In the past, people called it consumption.
In 1938, Hendrik wrote a book that he called Our Battle: Being One Man's Answer to "My Battle" by Adolf Hitler.
In 1969 a charity donation meant a secondary school was built.
That depends on the contrast being drawn.
大冶铜绿山古铜矿的开采不晚于西周，
He recovered from the surgery on February 7. He eventually left the hospital on February 19.
They were told they were under a travel ban, and their passports were confiscated.
That same year a ferry service between Melbourne and Williamstown was started.
They are oval shaped, dark brown or black, and about 5-10 millimeters long.
Rodgers and Hammerstein also won a special Pulitzer Prize in 1944 for Oklahoma!
The ligature is what holds the reed onto the mouthpiece.
The critics did not like these four stories.
In 1960, the oil field began production.
Many things stop their relationships and how they understand each other.
In 2004, she took part in "Nigdy w Życiu!" as Jola.
A control trial showed the task was rather easy. citation There, the participants made almost no mistakes in matching the correct lines.
博洛在19世紀初是重要的咖啡市場。
Magneta cuts the wire in time and saves the school from crashing into the ground.
Ayodhya is one of the seven most holy cities of Hindus.
Voinovich went on to be re-elected twice by landslides.
Burton is a senior custodian of traditional Pitjantjatjara law (lang or Dreaming).
When Calibos finds his mother cannot act against Perseus, he commands her to take vengeance on Joppa.
The leadership council has two female members currently.
In writing, it is a row of three points (.
，文字的表词范围就不断地扩大，不仅仅用于记录本义或相关意思（
如果你有个演员拥有休·劳瑞的戏路、深度和魅力，让他掌控舞台中央绝对是明智之举，特别是当你想要创作一个故事来发掘这样的角色以及他主要人际关系的时候” citation 。
They stay hidden taking normal jobs.
Java 執行環境，即 Java Runtime Environment，简称为JRE，
最終，在入侵前九天的1961年12月10日，尼赫魯告訴媒體：“果阿繼續置於葡萄牙統治之下是不可能的。”
》中，毕福剑称自己老家是大连老鳖湾。
The Uffizi is now one of the most famous art galleries in the world.
An empty cardboard box.
Barra's focus was to help Xiaomi grow internationally.
Bazı ülkeler her iki cinsiyete de aynı zamanda oy hakkı tanımıştır.
In 2003, the series inspired a well-received movie version of the same name.
An albino baby girl in an orphanage in Malawi.
A stagecoach is a type of horse drawn coach for passengers and goods.
然而中国城市化发展一直处于严重的不均衡格局。
On August 24, 1789, the House passed the suggested amendment and sixteen others.
However, a third foul in a row at any time in a straight pool game results in a loss of 15 points.
Will Timmy escape from this dreaded society?
侍中诸葛瞻，丞相亮之子，恪从弟也，嶷与书曰：“东主初崩，帝实幼弱，太傅受寄讬之重，亦何容易！
Zeldin died in Moscow, Russia on 31 October 2016 at the age of 101.
Shown below are the results for the tournament.
It became a free royal town in 1374.
Today it still remains one of the most popular pieces for children.
Whenever David went into battle, he returned with a victory, and all the people were pleased with him, and King Saul treasured him very much.
Bu kolordu da tek bir panzer tümeninden ve 29. Mekanize Tümen'den oluşan bir kolordudur.
Although the adults are palatable, the larvae are not.
Organised by the Pakistan Cricket Board, the first season of PSL took place between February 4 and 24 in 2016.
NXT UK TakeOver shows are the biggest shows for the NXT UK brand.
While Lisa fails to win the contest, her faith in government is back.
到了第五季，不同明星的客串也無法挽回收視率。
因此，他在1988年加入main踏入政界，
Heavy stars will also make elements heavier than helium.
They feed on insoluble organic substances.
He also caught 25 passes caught for 355 yards on a 13.1 average.
He then tells V to surrender, but V says no.
It is the fourth cube after 1, 8, and 27.
In 1853 France introduced the Canon-obusier de 12, a 12-pounder capable of firing both shot and shell also called a "Napoleon".
Functional aspects of primate pelvic structure: a multivariate approach.
Stone is known for his use of opposition research, studying opposing candidates to find bad things about them.
The recitation of the Sanskrit mantras is commonly used to call upon the Divine Mother.
The music contains many wonderful moments.
The name "Loachapoka" means "turtle killing place" in Muskogee, with locha meaning "turtle" and poga meaning "killing place."
Walking on someone else's property without permission is called trespassing.
The plural of “opus” is “opuses” in English.
In the same year he returned to Russia for a visit.
Their fifth album, Made in the A.M., was released in November 2015.
JB is forming two units with GOT7’s members.
程序本就无法准确地预期每个用户下一步操作所需的数据，所以采用这种技术时时常下载過多冗余数据(为商業行銷用廣告居多)；对多数客户端而言，这些数据其实并非用户真正所需要的。
He was the founder of the companies Compañía Comercial e Industrial Tres Montes S.A. (now Tresmontes Lucchetti) and Sociedad Comercial de Almacenes Ltda.
Ever since the migration of foreigners to Geneva, these communities have found refuge, bringing their know-how, their customs and hope of a new life.
Such as, the Aquarium, the Conference Center, the Built Environment Museum, the Earth's Climate Center, the Science Museum, the Relaxation Health Club, and the Interactive Children's Museum.
To understand their lives, one must see them in their natural environment.
He also possessed many titles inherited from his father and was the richest man in France during his lifetime.
He was the first of the Mercury Seven to die.
Playa Chiquita, Playa Negra, and Punta Uva are close to Puerto Viejo.
This was an article that was only 8 pages long, but he developed his idea from what Legendre had written.
He was the Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh from 1985 through 1988 and again in 1989.
As a result, on 15 August 2014, he was sentenced to five years in prison.
The divisions are further sub-divided into 12 districts.
Many women felt very strongly that they should be allowed to vote and there were many protests.
，蒂安娜從小夢想著和爸爸開家餐廳，而她富有的玩伴艾樂兒總是期待能有個浪漫愛情。
So if this is what can occur without SOPA being passed, imagine what can occur after SOPA is passed,” Brown told RT.
The Green Goblin has Mary Jane in one arm and a group of kids in a bus on the other hand.
如朱然、陸遜等大多有數千部曲。
They made a series of singles together, but none became hits.
The city has had many names over the years including City of Angels, City of Tiles, and Heroic City of Zaragoza.
此比例與2003年外籍配偶入境最高峰之三成一情況比較，2006年外籍配偶結婚登記人數的降幅高達15%。
This category has articles on people who died in the year 850.
The final two volumes, published in 2007 and 2009, are named The Cartoon History of the Modern World volumes one and two.
Organizasyonda iki gümüş madalya kazanan ülke, madalya sıralamasının 21. basamağında yer aldı.
梁冠华（1964年9月30日 － ），男，
Line 3 (Suyeong(수영)~Daejeo(대저)) started its service in 2005.
But this has happened only once, to John Erskine, 6th Earl of Mar who was deprived of both the knighthood and the earldom after taking part in the Jacobite rising of 1715.
They build their nests from soft materials, such as leaves, ferns, and vine monsters, typically placed in a tree fork.
It is at the foot of the Mischabelhörner and Dom.
Walton was born to Thomas Gibson Walton and Nancy Lee Walton.
Ellison M.J. 2005 Quantified tree risk assessment used in the management of amenity trees.
The series starts with Rick waking up from a coma.
He made his judgment on what they had done in their lives.
Barbossa explains that the Brethren Court has been summoned to meet at Shipwreck Cove and Feng, being one of the nine Pirate Lords, is honor-bound to attend.
This means that without the liquid crystals between them, they would block all light from passing through – whatever light gets through the first filter will not fit through the second filter.
Some of the project's biggest problems still remain.
Some types, like Gnetum oxycarpum, are in danger of dying out, because they only live in small areas and the forest that they grow on is being turned into land for farming.
一中隊派一小隊往南門進攻，其餘往西側。
なお同好会では小学校時代に通っていた絵画教室での経験を生かして新聞のデザインを担当する他「リコの過去を教える」などしている模様。
For thinner rectangles, this total area value approaches the area underneath the graph.
至于疆场之事，臣愿竭其愚驽，庶不负驱策。”
楊煦乃透過教育部任職朋友的推薦，到六龜中學教書，並以微薄的薪水接濟更多家境貧困的學生。
In discussing vestigial structures, Charles Darwin stated, “An organ, when rendered useless, may well be variable, for its variations cannot be checked by natural selection.”
; (in most cases the Miniature Poodle or Toy Poodle), or by breeding a Cockapoo with another Cockapoo.
After some time, they begin wondering if "Madame A. Anderson" really is the missing Grand Duchess.
In 1826 the Missouri legislature first met here and in 1839 the settlement was incorporated as a city.
Department of Zoology, Guwahati University, Assam.
：“臣等伏查此案起衅之由，因奸民迷拐人口，牵涉教堂， 并有挖眼剖心，作为药材等语，遂致积疑生忿，激成大变。
、高登义、陈传友、韩裕丰、李炳元、章铭陶、武素功、王金亭、倪祖彬、关志华、张祖荣、
The koronco buster is a move similar to the bronco buster where the wrestler jumps onto their standing opponent in the corner, straddles and sits on their opponent's chest, and rests their feet on the second rope.
The church is the northernmost church in Sweden.
Before the cake is eaten, the person whose birthday it is should make a wish, blow out the candles in one try - this would guarantee that the wish will come true.
The easiest way to see how good they were at medicine is to look at the medical papyri which have survived to the present day.
Lasker demanded high fees for playing matches and tournaments, which aroused some criticism.
尽管联合国军战俘的伙食标准最初与志愿军战士相同，后期提高为团级干部的伙食水平，但仍有美军战俘回忆在战俘营他们得到的饭量很少“要是不偷食物就要慢性饿死” Korean Atrocity: Forgotten War Crimes 1950-1953 P153-155 1951年，志愿军将战线向南推进，志愿军空军开始升空保卫鸭绿江南岸的运输线，朝中方面的后勤供应得到了很大改善。
They argue that liberty without equality means the domination of the most powerful.
Released on October 7, 1986, Reign in Blood was very well received by both critics and fans, and was responsible for bringing Slayer to the attention of a mainstream metal audience.
Albümde bir parçanın söz ve müziği Güler Duman'a aittir.
He is partners with Paloma Jimenez.
A midshipman is an officer cadet, or a commissioned officer.
Villa Florida is a city which offers landscapes to its visitors.
From 1825 until the Constitution of 1838, the head of state of Nicaragua was known simply as Head of State (Jefe de Estado).
People know where other people grew up, if they listen to their Ripuarian talk.
A second son, Prince Harry, was born on 15 September 1984.
但越方提出之其他事項，該團亦有可能給予協助，因而有陷於越南內部政爭之虞。
Some other computer parts do not need drivers (or the driver is built-in to the operating system) because they use a kind of standard; the operating system recognizes those parts and knows how to use those parts.
The Parsons Public Library moved to a modern building in 1977.
也為導演的許富翔便曾在《椰仔》擔任攝影師，與他激盪出不少火花。
、土城區）繼續播放高點育樂台至2013年7月1日，之後高點育樂台被異動到105頻道繼續播出至今（
Mitt Romney of the Republican Party conceded the election to Obama around 1 AM ET on November 7. Gary Johnson of the Libertarian Party came in third.
The winner of each city is allowed to go to Los Angeles for the big final.
', or settlers of the Pathan (
She retired from the court in 2006.
In the past, Growing a Greener World has also shared DIY information, edible gardening, urban homesteading, hobby farming, seasonal cooking, and canning and preserving.
With $1 million in funding, Correct the Record hired a paid staff of people that used to be reporters, bloggers, public affairs specialists, designers to post good things about Clinton.
Her captor Wolfgang Priklopil commits suicide soon after.
This was an improvement, because it allowed to use theorem-proving software, for the first time.
In May 2015, Vít Jedlička and his translator Sven Sambunjak were shortly detained by Croatian police after making an attempt to cross the border.
"This library, once it is entered, is more like a living encyclopedia than it is anything else.
製作組在開播不久決定同時推出新的OAD《懺·絕望先生 番外地》。
Hanslick said that Bruckner composed like Wagner, but although Bruckner had learned from Wagner he did not simply copy him.
This is in the south and southeast of Afghanistan.
通过修建Koralmbahn使德意志兰茨贝格同其他铁路交通网的联系得到很大的改观。
The colleges also organize supervisions.
Muslimov's story was picked up in 1973 by National Geographic Magazine.
; the file format RPM is the baseline package format of the Linux Standard Base.
Richard wanted to make peace with the English king.
This is used for turning the vehicle.
Ardından Brezilya'yla barış yaptı ancak Arjantin'e geri döndüğünde Dorrego'nun yerini alan Üniter general Juan Lavalle tarafından devrildi ve idam edildi.
Ariadne's string is used to find all the exits of the Labyrinth.
This is the evil team and the good team.
Some Protestants were even executed, including Anne Askew.
His 'official' birthday was on the 12th.
大苏莽方向，拦阻班禅向西进入西藏。
The U.S. Census Bureau estimates, the five fastest-growing cities of any size between 2000 and 2008 were "Saratoga Springs" (1,501%), "Herriman" (1,061%), "Eagle Mountain" (934%), "Cedar Hills" (209%), and "Lehi" (146%).
They became engaged in January 2010 and married on October 17, 2013.
At the end of the movie, Rafiki picks up Kiara, Simba's daughter and Mufasa's granddaughter, and lifts her up high above Pride Rock so the animals below can see.
The idol of that parish was, at that time, a boxer named Armando Best.
兩軍約於博羅塔拉（博爾塔拉）會師。
In addition to the 14 through trains described, the ex-Northern City branch would have had 14 four-car shuttle trains an hour.
For many years conodonts were known only from their feeding apparatus, which fossilises well.
The city was created as a municipality on 1 January 1838.
之後，黑色炸藥與使自己感受到黑人權力的孤兒院負責人葛洛莉亞·格雷產生了感情。
Mahler was becoming very famous.
The club had many more names in the 1990's and 2000's.
Two species in competition often continue long-term in the same environment.
They can get polycystic kidney disease easily.
Lesser known is that he lost the 1962 U.S. Open by two strokes despite going 6-over-par on two holes.
A group has to be a success before it can invade other areas.
The song was released May 2, 1977.
Process of Local Government Reform: 1966-1974.
International callers should dial +93 xx yyyyyyy.
There are also studies that reference social cognitive theory to explain the possible effects of mass media regarding race and gender.
Artillery ammunition and other items were plentiful.
In 1614, he took sannyasa or became a sanyasi and adopted the name Raghavendra.
The celebration of the Games includes many rituals and symbols, such as Olympic flag and torch, as well as the opening and closing ceremonies.
The British came to know of his intentions and arrested him on 13 January 1911, when he was attending the Lohri festival celebration at his relative's house.
Meanwhile, at home, the Muslim manuscripts had been either burnt or taken to other countries.
They commonly have a high reputation so customers can rely on their rating.
It is about convert west of Melbourne, on the Western Highway.
Motorways running into Liverpool include the M62 from Manchester, the M58 and the M53 from Wirral.
All three based on a vocabulary list of some 1500 words and guide lines on simple writing.
而美国人口调查局估测2050年世界将有大约92.5亿人。
武汉大学是全国首批可自主设置本科专业的6所高校之一。
In September the two sides agreed to a peace.
：艾粄，ngie55ban31）。
When challenges reached the Supreme Court, it interpreted the amendment narrowly, ruling based on the stated intent of the laws rather than their practical effect.
But he had never commanded troops himself.
In the off-season, he raced in two rounds of the 2009–10 GP2 Asia Series season for Barwa Addax.
勃利县著名人物有：张建起、杨扬、李厚亮、于兴华、黄季霜、关群海、乔文国、王濛、许镜清、范可新、张杰、井玉琢、孙琳琳等。
Stockholm was also the town where foreign diplomatic representations were located.
Yunanlar yerli halkın mal ve hayvanlarına el koyarken Meyrem Hatun Silahlı Yunanlara karşı sopa ile direnmiş ve hayvanlarını vermemiştir.
Murabit received her Medical Doctorate in from the University of Zawiya in 2013.
在其他的歐洲語言中也有發現與英語相似、帶有完成輔助表達的完成不定詞。
In July 1830, the shrine was the site of a massacre when Jammu and Kashmir were under Sikh rule.
In 2011 there were 6010 people living in Adlington.
，后期经过出家体验抛弃了过去虚无主义思想。
He is now worth $60 billion.
Zilliz研发了向量相似度搜索引擎Milvus，并于2019年10月在GitHub上开源。
A story was made, “Originally, the guardians of the Temple of LaoTsun were yellow-eyed white cats with long hair.
Olfaction'da, aşağıdaki paragrafta daha ayrıntılı olarak ele alınan güçlü bir alışkanlık eğilimi vardır.
也就是说，纳米钻石的真实硬度可能略小于310 GPa。
It was the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and was given for acts of extreme battlefield bravery or successful leadership.
The frog lived some 70 million years ago.
She went on touring and recording well into her 80s.
按照设计，印度的宗教信徒通过该走廊可以无需签证前往距离main4.7公里的卡塔普尔main citation 。
These are called "guest stars".
It is therefore not necessary to obey the pope to be saved.
本站月台开通初期因本站作终点站，目前僅开放站前折返往存车线岛式站台一侧（備用月台）作临时上下客。
A smith who works the black metal is a blacksmith.
The word "yaki" means "sautee" or "grill" in Japanese.
Havel was quite popular throughout his career.
Bu sırada ağıt ilahisi ya da ayetleri okunur.
's famous book, The Narrow Road to the Deep North (Oku no Hosomichi), Bashō tells of visiting the stone in the Japanese prefecture of Nasu.
Archives of Data-Processing History: A Guide to Major U.S. Collections.
In early January 2007, city officials noted city codes that prohibit living in tents and gave the society one week to evict the occupants of the tent city.
's first season began on September 24, 2007.
For example, a happy spirit of the sea would guarantee a plentiful catch for a fisherman.
The bishop Hugues II, and his successor, Odon de Conteville (
She was married to Kenneth Aldrich from 1988 until she died.
At least 20,000 people were staying in 10 evacuation centers in Cagayan de Oro.
Patlama sırasında ölenlerin tümü maratonu izlemeye gelmiş olan izleyicilerden oluşmaktaydı.
競賽生涯中兩勝國際一級賽，2021年2月11日宣告結束在香港的競賽生涯。
利用更優越的加速器質譜法再次進行對釷沈積物的分析實驗後，並未能證實先前的結論，儘管敏感度提高了100倍。 citation 該結果使Marinov有關半衰期特別長的釷、
，是一种以二維矩陣呈现数字信息的方式。
：就读于雷士德初中，香港万邦集团董事长，有「华人船王」之称。
It also said that some territory in the south should be ceded to the United States for a military base.
郡王等府第给价则例 《大明会典》卷一百八十一·营造一·内府 ：
Talakan Havalimanı, Rusya'da tek başına özel bir şirket yatırımlarıyla inşa edilen ilk havalimanıdır (bütçe fonları olmadan).
；但在得知娜美生病的消息後，決定讓魯夫等人優先為生病的娜美找醫生，跟著一行人來到磁鼓島，當地居民卻因為一年前被黑鬍子海賊團攻擊而不讓同樣身為海賊的一行人登陸，還不小心開槍打傷薇薇，目睹一切的魯夫因憤怒而打算出手時被薇薇阻止，薇薇在出面向居民求情的同時，更訓斥魯夫如果什麼事都想用暴力來解決，不但沒資格當一個領導人，還會危害到娜美的生命安全，此舉讓魯夫決定放下尊嚴跟居民磕頭道歉和求情，才終於獲得眾人的諒解。
The servers in the Usenet community are independent in the sense that each gets to decide what portions of the Usenet they will serve to their users and how long postings will last on the server.
基金會的其中一個計劃是教導病人用相機紀錄他們的生活，並編成故事說出來，由埃思戴絲及攝影師 Michael Cunningham 教授技巧。
This hybridization happened more than 420,000 years ago.
In the 1960s Paul Jones and Tom McGuinness played for Manfred Mann.
's debut album.
She discovers something terrible and tells the Master Chief to find Captain Keyes.
According to the 2010 Census, the population of the city is 39,843.
但是因为全身包围着杀意之波动，所以性能和攻击力都有显著不同，攻击手段丰富，可轻易使用的招数很多。
他們在其負責的地理或職能區域內控制所有武裝部隊，因此陸軍部僅負責組織，培訓和裝備其部隊。
In Cambridge he is remembered for the chimes he wrote for the clocks of Gonville and Caius College.
In 1840 Wilson asked the government to build a road from Braidwood to Huskisson for faster and cheaper shipping of wool to Sydney.
Both male and female flowers may be borne on the same plant.
In 2014, Firth portrayed secret agent Harry Hart in the film Kingsman: The Secret Service; he later reprised the role in the 2017 sequel Kingsman: The Golden Circle.
The twice-champions were coached by Rolando Sfeir.
Aralık ayı verilerine göre film ABD de 224 milyon dolar kazanırken, dünya çapında 503 milyon dolar hasılata ulaşarak 2008'in en başarılı filmleri arasına girdi.
Grommerch was also elected Mayor of Thionville in 2014.
He, Percy, Annabeth and Tyson head into the Labyrinth this time to find its creator, Daedalus, and his workshop.
同时，中央宣传部、国家发展改革委、教育部、公安部、财政部、人力资源社会保障部、交通运输部、国家卫生健康委、退役军人事务部、中央军委政治工作部、中央军委后勤保障部、中央军委训练管理部、中央军委国防动员部、中央军委政法委员会等14个成员单位分别指派1名工作人员担任国防部征兵办公室组成人员，负责日常联络协调工作。
Shortly after he leaves, Lady Howard receives a letter from Sir John Belmont.
The river drains convert of western Georgia.
It may, for example be a list of names.
'nda Parti Meclisi'ne seçildi.
Three different types of mortar rounds.
It is most well known for the Groundhog Day tradition and "Punxsutawney Phil", the groundhog that resides there.
It features a 6.8-liter V10 engine which produced 398 horsepower.
Elisha Gray, American inventor and founder of Western Electric (d.
Several riders who had been with the team for a long time such as Steffen Wesemann, Andreas Klöden and Matthias Kessler left or their contracts were not extended.
The wars in Iraq and Afghanistan have lasted many years.
After the Battle of Monmouth, the war moved to the South.
The other four modes each have a total of six transpositions.
；父親蕭徵官至祕書監 《新唐書·宰相世系表》誤載蕭益為萧廪之子。
Social Investments are resource inputs in any social groups or society that may bring about a social change.
Saba' and Parthia became rich, because of trade between Egypt and India.
Public perception of Joseph Priestley, the Birmingham dissenters, and the Church-and-King riots of 1791.
He did not expect Hannibal to cross the Alps.
The album was the fifth of the "Joker Cards" in the Dark Carnival mythology.
The fact that these dualities existed had been known before Witten came up with the idea of M-theory.
Some citizens refused to get the award.
This is a characteristic of most long-grain rice.
However Brainard denies these rumours, saying that; "some decisions were made that I wasn't particularly happy with."
Cetus took Mullis off his usual projects to concentrate on PCR full-time.
Huldah Pierce Warren Bump (known as Minnie Warren; June 2, 1849–July 23, 1878) was an American entertainer.
Droppa retired from professional ice hockey in 2010.
阿哈瑪特被其父委派管理喀什噶爾。
People bring the food for picnics in lunch boxes or in picnic baskets.
父親為風間英人，在母親離婚後跟母姓。
He is married to Phillipa Aird McManarney.
Unfortunately, he has to go alone because both Zak and Maria are busy the night of the celebration.
It was the first of his ballet pictures.
This means the alphabet is many,but the alphabet is currently can added many alphabet to make the sounds,too.
Kansas, anti-slavery people from around the United States came to Kansas.
Herbivorous animals do not grow fat easily, at least until age has reduced them to a state of inactivity; but they fatten very quickly as soon as they begin to be fed on potatoes, grain, or any kind of flour.
別名「巴耶力」（Bael），排第1位的魔王。
Following his interest in mechanics, Lamborghini studied at the Fratelli Taddia technical institute near Bologna.
Plauen was in the border area.
This was because Muslims believe that pigs are unclean.
He was known for his television roles in Al-Taghreba al-Falastenya, Salah Al-deen, and Omar TV series.
Onun ölümü Concordia'yı değiştirmiştir.
德文选修课程（Language Elective Programme (German)）
His reign of 45 years and 21 days is the longest in modern Spanish history.
长沙城保住了，生死较量中，青年们也各自找到了自己真正的感情归属。
His best known novel was Seventeen Moments of Spring.
At the end of the hearing, Judge McGhee said he would think about what to do, and sent Gault back to jail.
She worked at the Leiden Observatory.
Laws in some countries use the amount of consanguinity between two people.
On 17 March 2020, the Council of Ministers of Bosnia and Herzegovina declared a state of emergency in all of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The epic in Invention of the sea, by Gerardo Mello Mourão, and Galáxias, by Haroldo de Campos.
Clone species from the planet Sontar.
They are then covered and left to incubate by themselves.
And so proceeds ad infinitum.
A vector can be represented graphically with an arrow that has a tail and a head.
Alger's publisher and his editor urged him ramp up the excitement in his books.
To tune the timpani, the "tension rods" can all be tightened or loosened.
，選舉主任認為朱在2016至2018年多個言論中隱晦地支持香港獨立，朱凱廸否認主張港獨，批評當局對參選者做「思想審查」，把北京的政治邏輯引進香港 citation citation 。
He won the 2019 election.
In addition to the Rolling Stones, Wood has maintained a solo music career.
古巴總督、聖殿騎士團加勒比分冊的大團長。
There are five seasons and 62 episodes.
He was ordained a priest on June 7, 1941.
Gibson decides to stay on Mars, fascinated with the importance of the planet as a self-sufficient world.
The textile industry of Kingdom Wu began at this time.
He wrote Church Dogmatics and the Gottingen Dogmatics, as well as a number of Biblical commentaries, most famously on the Book of Romans.
由于熔液的电阻比较高，粘度也比较高，因此拉出来的纤维可能不摇摆。
A 1930 survey of film exhibitors listed Haines as the top box office attraction in the country.
Temporary hair straightening keeps the hair straight until it gets wet or damp again, so only lasts for up to a few days.
If a recipe needs lots of complicated ingredients that you do not have, it is not as a good as a simple recipe.
Sora tells Kairi he will not come home until he finds Riku, and leaves with Donald and Goofy to start a new adventure.
他現在效力於布拉格斯拉維亞體育俱樂部。
He became only the third left-handed golfer to win a Tour event.
In Katakana it is written with four symbols: ワガママ.
However, it was also very common for people to do multiple specializations.
Big buildings show up when you have high density zones.
Essentially, the dupatta is often treated as an accessory in current urban fashion.
The Advertising Council allows sponsor organizations to create advertising that are on social issues as well.
曹士杰一直寓居天津，直到1962年逝世，享年74岁。
There are no municipal court facilities in the state.
During the first year, the company had virtually no funding.
With about 2.6 million copies sold each weekday, The Times of India is the bestselling newspaper in the world.
By having more candidates on the ballot, incumbents are more likely to be kicked out of office.
There are two small lakes in the southern section of the park.
本分类包含属于史克威尔艾尼克斯工作组，但未评重要度的条目，评级後条目会自动归入对应的子分类，详见评级指南。
Inside each pipe is a laser which measures any change in length.
Although techno refers to most electronic dance genres, it also can refer to the Detroit techno dance styles and music genre which never became that popular.
In spite of his disabilities, Bass remained cheerful.
Carson was sorry to have lost his friends.
Et, soğan, salatalık ve tatlı fasulye sosuyla yoğrulur ve etrafı sarılır.
Coal mining is a major industry in the Minto area.
It can also mess around the guidance system.
The archbishop petitioned that lands taken by Odo be restored.
He was known for his 1971 movie Petrolejové lampy citation and for his 1976 movie Den pro mou lásku.
Functions not yet entirely understood.
These cells are able to contract, thus reducing the size of a sponge when needed.
Tank her yıl Tank Müzesi tarafından düzenlenen Tiger Günü etkinliklerinde çalıştırılarak sergilenmektedir.
This was due to their founder Lycurgus who attacked lusts on physical beauty, regarding it as shameful.
These are also official languages in the territories where there are spoken.
Interstellar thug police from the planet Jadoon and resemble rhino-headed soldiers.
另外，在工程完成前，此站設有1面2面的島式月台。
He is also appearing in many dramas and theater productions.
The first version of the block was used from 2011 to 2015.
The invasion force was to be in often close and grisly warfare with the English for the next fourteen months.
In everyday talk, people may use "paranoid" to mean more normal worries.
Ama diğer coğrafyacılar ise şehirleşme alanı olarak daha büyük olan "Leeds-Bradford Büyük Şehirleşme Kuşağı'nı (Leeds-Bradford Larger Urban Zone )" tanımlamaktadırlar.
Bresci had his loan to the paper returned (without telling his comrades why), and with the money he went to Italy.
View from inside.
He has appeared in over 100 movies.
，建筑面积5632平方米，属于简化的古典主义风格，麻石外墙一直到顶。
丫髻岩下有一处寺庙，依岩而筑，额悬清福禅寺金字黑匾，
In 1986, he was Ecuador's Finance Minister.
The 737-400 went into service on September 15, 1988.
Pedersen was known for resisting to sell his works.
With the collective teamwork of the historians and the archeologists, the site is opined to be the place of dominion of the Chenglei dynasty (Chenglei Leipāk).
Also there are 50 kinds of birds.
Indeed, assembly language can generally express anything that a computer is capable of doing.
Danica Roem (main main; born September 30, 1984) citation is an American journalist and politician.
The highest hills are in the east of the county.
，標誌著澳廣視不再是一間公私合營的電視台 citation 。
Saraswati is also the wife of Brahma "god of knowledge, wisdom, and many other things".
It has been used to describe people of Iranian and Indian descent, but there was no record of Aryans in European history.
Ronaldo later invited her to his suite, and that was where the rape occurred.
这个结构也可以被写成 Rh 4 (CO) 9 (µ-CO) 3 。
However, ballpoint pens are cheaper and simpler to use than pens that need to be dipped in ink.
Search and rescue is when people look for a person who is lost or in danger.
各支撑点又都采取子母堡式交通壕散兵坑，交通壕则纵横交错，形成兵力、火力相互支援的集团式环形阵地。
However, everyone else sees Hobbes as a toy.
Several agencies issue Dvorak numbers for cyclones of sufficient intensity.
，限量發行100萬張面額150元的紀念鈔票，屬全球首創。
，而4英吋槍管被認為最適合便衣探員。
Children who grow up in home environments that have poor financial resources and low levels of education are correlated with low intelligence scores.
The Porsche 944 is a front engine four cylinder sports car.
He was married to actress Vijeta Pandit from 1990 until his death.
That would make it the fourth biggest urban area in Kansas.
Fishing lures can be very expensive as some are sold for thousands of dollars.
AFLP analysis of genetic relationships among papaya and its wild relatives (Caricaceae) from Ecuador.
Kate also helped trick the police, leading the police away when they got close to her brothers.
In 1110, Fulk married Ermengarde of Maine († 1126), the daughter of Elias I of Maine.
That means it flows into the Argel River.
All bus fees are EC$2.50 for a trip convert and under, EC$3.00 for a trip 5 to convert, and EC$3.75 for any longer trip.
Cohen sang a different version when he played the song in concert starting in 1988.
Mount Airy was incorporated in 1885.
It has an unusually long rotation period among the big asteroids.
The main principle was "
当時，冀州多豪族，经常請託刺史，左雄常閉門不见，不与他们交流。
Many harp seals are able to live up to 30 years in the wild.
A charcuterie platter or charcuterie board is a wooden board with these types of meats, crackers, fruits, nuts, etc.
These are some of the largest ships ever built.
Ancak çalışmalar askıya alındı, zira Lil Wayne böylesine başarılı bir albümün ardından, aynı başarıyı devam ettirememesi muhtemel bir başka albüm çıkarmakta acele etmek istemiyordu.
另外，現今的鬚鯨科在兩塊下頜骨於吻端的連接處有一個拳頭大小的感覺器官，裡面布滿神經和血管，被認為能調控鬚鯨頜部在吞嚥時的運動 citation citation 。
後來拓寬為1067mm軌距並改為25G11000型，共30輛。
……但是，就作品本身，我認為，也唯有通透了事理、生死、喜怒的人，才能如此無為無求的透視人生。
Our country doesn't like broken homes."
They are large, flattened areas where the surface of the ground is covered by salt instead of dirt.
His first published play was the Answering machine, Modern Drama, No. 3, 1986.
区政府拨款人民币125万元，为配套设施。
国立武昌中山大学，又称国立第二中山大学，是当时中国四大中央级国立中山大学之一。 citation 武大从此开始了由专科性大学逐渐向综合性大学的转变。
From there, each time this algorithm searches, it decreases the size of the list by half.
After the comedy theater program of 5'er Beşer started in 2011 at ATV, he made and played the project designs of the programs called "İnsanlar Alemi" and "Güldür Güldür" which started at Star TV and continued as the program.
However, moths do look and behave rather different from butterflies, which explains why people came to call them by a different name.
In 1970, it became property of the Taquile people, who have inhabited the island since then.
In 2014, her song "
After the Supreme Court's decision, the Cruzans went back to the first trial court with new evidence.
The competition was shown on BBC One, and the event raised £10 million.
After they come out from the pupae, the flies do not grow.
」規範，兩者目前均已不再列為推動項目 。
This is why DDT is still allowed to be used for controlling malaria.
This evil demon kills every man she marries on their wedding night.
On his job application, he mentions that he enjoys buttering bread and fixing holes.
政治学和社会学意义上，世界主义建立于以下基础：
In the end, Poseidon and his army help defeat him where Poseidon opened up a tunnel that sent Typhon into Tartarus.
，并有自己的特色 citation 。
Bir aydan daha az bir süreliğine bankada tutulmuş ve sonradan kapatılmış hesaplar da vadesiz hesaplar kapsamına girmektedir.
This added 10 additional gates.
Aracın dinamik tasarımını yapan Steve Randle, süspansiyon sisteminin tasarımından da sorumluydu.
專輯內《娛樂天空》和《你給我聽好》兩首歌曲均成為三台冠軍歌。
The others are The Little Street and the lost painting House Standing in Delft. citation In 2011, the painting was featured on gold and silver commemorative coins issued by the Royal Dutch Mint.
种脐的一端是珠孔（或者是种皮裡的小孔），他们可以吸收水分。
The Renaissance way of painting and sculpting did not become the usual style until about 100 years later.
They are the oldest examples of artificially mummified human remains.
People hate him and do not respect him.
Stoker's inspiration for the story was a visit to Slains Castle near Aberdeen.
Overall, he expressed his desire for the album to be ''"music that makes you feel good."
Abelian groups are modules over the ring of integers.
The name of the variable is not important.
On July 3, 2020, the main suspect in the case, another soldier named Aaron David Robinson, killed himself.
，根岸1丁目至3丁目一帶是正岡子規等許多著名文人居住之地，有俗稱根岸黨的文學沙龍。
This made people come to her shrine.
She is also known for "Maybe I Mean Yes" and "Daddy's Hands."
Neal Sáles-Griffin (born July 28, 1987 citation ) is an American entrepreneur and educator.
There are also messages in all comics that show up when moused over.
That family also contains Darlingtonia and Heliamphora.
This makes it impossible to move rapidly from one symbol to the next.
Semaglutid, açlığı, yeme isteğini ve vücut yağını azaltır.
On 22 January 2013 Shakira gave birth to son Milan Piqué Mebarak.
There is also a problem: The term "even" meaning "integer multiple of two" is a convention; people agreed on it.
該修正案也規定，若國會兩院都以三分之二多數表決通過撤除前此之資格取消，被取消資格者仍可任職。
She has been in both soap operas and movies.
" on official documents.
He was also a football coach.
次年十二月，汉成帝再度下诏曰：“前将作大匠万年知昌陵卑下，不可为万岁居，奏请营作，建置郭邑，妄为巧作，积土增高，多赋敛徭役，兴卒暴之作。
AACS是由AACS LA（AACS Licensing Administrator）負責制定，
New puzzles were designed for each platform.
As of 2008, Kwong controls about 41.53% of SHK Properties' shares through a family trust, so she became the largest shareholder of the company.
Koruma Birimi olarak kabul edilmektedir.
Halley tarafından cesaretlendirilen Newton, 1684 Kasım'ında çalışmalarını "
From start to finish of his NBA career, he stayed with the Jazz.
While the first post carve-up duke is sometimes called Bernard III - because of two predecessors of the same name before 1180 - or Bernard I with his great-great-great-great grandson Bernard II being counted second.
Only about 20 people still speak it.
She served until 1991.
……又即於彼，能取山林、卉木、禽獸等阿練若差別相想，無復思惟，但思惟地無別相想。
He was acquitted in January 2013.
但是在那之後，「Proof of Myself」獲得了連續5次的第1名。
Gebeyehu was killed in action in the Battle of Adwa.
Widespread literacy came in the 19th century.
While middle school students can freely change classes, most of their classes are held on a team, which means that the teachers are responsible for making sure that the students are on the same page.
The normalization process takes into account properties of relations like functional dependencies among their entries, keys and foreign keys, transitive and join dependencies.
The data helps to chose between several different or opposite models.
The exoskeleton reduces the loss of water (
Compared to the original 747, the 747SP has a shortened fuselage.
从1989年开始，他在菲律宾创建了群落式雨林再造模式，被称为“雨林再造之父”，改写了菲律宾的国策和林学院教材，并于1997年获菲律宾政府总统奖。
核發機關為地方法院，法院得不經審理程序核發暫時保護令，但法官亦可視情況開庭調查。
He started managing the band Soil with Malakian and Tankian in 1993 after meeting them in a recording studio.
As night falls, Dewey and Gale review the tape of Ghostface killing Randy hoping to find some clues but the killer attacks them and seemingly kills Dewey.
Stindl 2010-11 sezonunda 34 maça çıktı ve 2 gol attı.
He was better known professionally as Ox Baker.
Philidor took chess lessons from the leading French master of the time, du Kermeur, Sire de Légall (known as Légall). sometimes spelled Kermur de Légal.
In 1985, the IAAF Decathlon scoring table was changed.
随即派出大批青年分赴各盟旗，发展内蒙古人民革命党各级组织，同时进行“内外蒙合并”签名活动。
Pompeii is now considered one of the world's most important historical sites because of the way the volcanic ash preserved the city and its people.
Short DNA fragments consisting of DNA sequences complementary to the ends of the template, called primers, and a DNA polymerase are key materials for selective and repetitive steps.
Archives of pathology & laboratory medicine, 141(5), 619-621.
The New Power Party (DPP) (
雖然幾乎全球都可見到本屬物種的踪影，但在較溫暖的氣候更常見。
》真實紀錄電影在香港電影資料館舉行試映分享會，隨後獲MovieMovie 百老匯電影中心選出參加《Life is Art 盛夏藝術祭》紀錄片節，於8月-9月期間在PMQ元創方、百老匯電影中心、中環IFC、百老匯The One放映，另獲香港藝術中心邀請參展賽馬會IFVA影像節和 Freespace Happenning 在西九文化區苗圃公園作兩場戶外放映。
He became an experienced Indian fighter.
The second big sport is team handball.
This was a trip of 4,828 km.
Dory then loses her memory and becomes confused, but meets Nemo, who has reached the ocean through an underwater drainpipe.
The first version of Zork was written in 1977–1979.
They may lay from 150 to 500 eggs at a time.
In Target Archery, the object is to hit targets to score points.
Very often, the defibrillator will guide the person helping through its use.
他说，选择日本作为欧洲以外的第一个出访国家是因为两国王室关系亲密。
The United States, Great Britain and other countries do not allow the sale of infected bulbs, in order to restrict the virus.
In the United States, prices for Mezuzahs range from US$50 for a cheap mezuzah, $85 for a medium quality, and $130-150 for a high-quality mezuzah.
Land granted under Aboriginal title is inalienable, meaning it can not be bought, sold, traded or given away.
The company was founded by Robert Bosch in Stuttgart in 1886.
Elected representatives decide the plans for economic development, culture, education, and all other responsibilities.
A year later he moved to the Duisburger SV 98. After 10 years he left his hometown in 1991 and moved to Berlin, where he played for the Wasserfreunde Spandau 04. He won 17 national titles during his time in Berlin.
The first Lockheed L1011-500 (4R-ULA) was accepted on 26 August 1982, at Palmdale, California.
"Teenage Dream" was nominated for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance.
VISION: A self-reliant, industrialized, commercialized, environment friendly barangay, accessible roads, discipline and morally upright citizenhood and a place where you can say "I BELONG"
Instead, we see one thing and then we see another, and we feel a link between the two.
There are scenes of the king (with his wife) defeating his enemies.
Bâzı galaksiler düzensizdir ve herhangi bir iyi tanımlanmış düzlemleri yoktur.
Slavia Prague won 2–0 on aggregate.
It is just an arbitrary (
Johnson and her close friend Sylvia Rivera co-founded the Street Transvestite Action Revolutionaries (STAR) organization.
；印度河以东地区的已发现遗址则属于较晚的年代。
預期兩項研究將會同年上半年完成。
The members were YUKI, Yoshihito Onda, Kota Igarashi and TAKUYA.
Over 65% of the population lives below the poverty line.
LFTR'lerin sıvı yakıtları vardır ve bu nedenle, sadece yakıt haznesini doldurmak için reaktörü ayırıp kapatmaya gerek yoktur.
People with very bad dehydration need emergency medical treatment.
The rescue attempt goes ahead.
四歲的時候被收為徒弟，曾經在七歲的時候跟十四歲的獎勵會員對局時心臟病發送醫，目前心臟病已經治好。
中共中央和共青团中央于1925年12月1日联合发表《为郭松令倒戈告全国民众书》，支持郭松龄。12月20日，中共中央又发出《为日本出兵干涉中国告全国民众书》。
According to the Irish viewpoint, Collins went to accept the surrender of Dublin Castle.
Some compound eyes have thousands of them.
Headwaters are usually in mountains.
Ağdalı bir dille yazılan fetvada özetle şunlar denmekteydi: Padişah'ın aksi emrine rağmen istilacılara karşı direnişe geçen milliyetçilerin öldürülmeleri caiz olmakla kalmayıp hatta her müslümanın dini görevidir.
He studied law for a year because his father wanted him to do so.
The match can be won by pinfall or submission.
Plays the double bass.
Mount Sinai is a sacred site for Jews and Christians.
Many thousands of young women went to work in factories.
The Latin word maria means seas.
伍迪·艾伦对影片评价的担忧在Eric Lax所著的艾伦的自传中有所记述，在书中，他引用的电影剪辑Ralph Rosenblum的话：“他（艾伦）成功拯救了《我心深处》，很大程度上是靠他的声誉。
This, combined with new funding businesses, allowed the city to start expanding again.
中國舊譯派，如真諦等人，傳法相宗傳承，而以玄奘為代表的新譯派，傳承的是唯識派 歐陽竟無《瑜伽師地論敘》：「是故今義是唯識義，古義是法相義。
早年出身國子生，后进應天府鄉試第十九名。
Selena earned $20,000 from the Dulce Amor Tour, which was double the amount she had made for her Preciosa Tour.
目前客运：仅办理通勤职工乘降；不办理其他客、货运营业。
Prokaryotes (or monera) are some of the simplest living things.
It groups them by level of learning.
Although most vertical-lift bridges use towers, each with counterweights.
This edition was started in October 2003.
Kısa ve kiloludur.
Samsun merkezine 16 km uzaklıktadır.
The Rajya Sabha has 250 members, citation and the Lok Sabha has 552 members.
She once bit through her lip, and didn't notice.
It has more than six million things on display and over 40 galleries.
This release includes security fixes, removes support of the deprecated MSN protocol, along with SSLv3 in XMPP.
O'Flaherty and Gaido were tied to five-gallon kerosene cans filled with water and dumped overboard several days after the battle.
他还没来得及悲伤，就很快被魔鬼般的幽灵孩子攻击并淹没了。
UDP is sometimes called the Universal Datagram Protocol.
The Sphenodontia is a diverse group of reptile.
In this century, cognitive neuropsychologists use many methods to study the mind.
When expressed as a percentage, the thermal efficiency must be between 0% and 100%.
雙料冠軍後的利恩就開始走下坡，利恩之後降班，在較低組別聯賽徘徊了20年，其中只是間中升上超級聯賽。
Oolong (main; Zh (wūlóng, "black dragon") is a traditional semi-
The uploader gives YouTube permission to give out and change the uploaded video for any purpose, and they do not have permission anymore when the uploader deletes the video from the site.
在10月25日的SmackDown Live中，歐頓在外耶特與肯恩的比賽上代表外耶特進行了干擾，導致人們猜測他加入了外耶特家族，儘管WWE或歐頓既未確認也不否認。
The SAS is thought of all over the world as one of the best, if not the best Special Operations organisations.
File:Flag of Kansas City, Missouri (1972–1992).
In Denmark she is best known for her works Out of Africa (Danish: Den afrikanske Farm) and Seven Gothic Tales (Danish: Syv fantastiske Fortællinger).
Ideas, however, should always be cited.
An avid sailor, Cameron has written several books about ships and the sea.
The women were protesting against the trial of five women who demonstrated for women's rights in the One Million Signatures protest of 12 June 2006. citation Sadr was in jail for fifteen days.
他說，「如果你會設計一樣東西，你就能設計任何東西」，而他自己也證明了這一點。
This is based on a story that is not real. citation On October 25, 2008 Hollister opened the first store outside the U.S. and Canada in Brent Cross, London.
Richard Brodeur, along with forwards Stan Smyl, Thomas Gradin, and Darcy Rota, led the team.
Chemical vapor deposition has a vast range of uses.
Wisconsin Public Radio, May 30, 2018.
Macbeth, Lady Macbeth, and the lords enter.
The ocean is dragged back hundreds of feet.
At last this, the best period of his life, was brought to an end indirectly, by the overthrow of the liberal monarchy of Dom Pedro II in 1889.
They stimulate the growth of hair on the face and body.
》內登場人物和諸神的介紹，譯名以皆參考皇冠出版的繁體中文版為準。
Also located in the building are the downtown offices of the individual aldermen and staff.
It is designed by Roberto Cavalli.
It had a remix of the songs "Yellow" and "
Perforated pipe is a pipe fitting that is made from perforated sheet and is often used as filter tubes but also used for various installments.
There had been a theatre there before, called Teatro Ducale, but it had been destroyed by fire in 1776.
Sil means "actual" or "practical," and hak means "studies" or "learning".
注意其聚集的趨勢，為一個羊群行為（herd behavior）的天然示範。
The user can manually specify the installation directory and the files to be installed in the target installation directory.
The Natural Growth Rate was 0.62% per year implying a Total Death Rate of 3.78 per 1000 people.
在休戰期間國王向王后表示如果美狄亞還是未婚的姑娘，那麼就應該把她交還其父親處置；但如果她已經成為伊阿宋的妻子，那麼就不應該把他們拆散。
The result is not as sharp as that of the optical zoom.
This caused him to be harsh on his people.
而儘管六四事件一度讓改革開放政策暫緩，
Otherwise it takes place after the egg is laid.
A kindergarten and a school are being planned.
Sometimes there are two aisles on each side.
Unusually for someone with who had not been to the country or had no family from Scotland, her knowledge of the local accent was good.
大海一样深邃的蓝色，展示中国建筑宽广的胸怀，描绘出充满希望与活力的美好未来。
The Spanish Data Protection Agency is a public law entity with legal personality.
Gratian and his brother the emperor Valentinian II both died young, and Theodosius made his own sons Arcadius and Honorius emperors.
Now, computer science has its own methods, and has its own technical terms.
他们召开公众集会，游说议员、教堂和社区组织（community groups）。
In 2013 according to world bank Australia had just over 23.13 million people.
Over 2000 complaints were made against the organization in 2009.
Some of them are still being used by Canal employees and officials.
Selena told in an interview on January 20, 1995 that the album would be released in July.
'ı ziyaret eden Austerlitz, burada kayıp ailesinin yakın arkadaşı Vera'nın yardımıyla gerçek kimliği hakkında bilgi sahibi olmaya başlar.
根据协定，美国向英国出售完整的核潜艇推进工厂并保持供应十年浓缩铀，英国还通过协定从美国获得其他核原料。
He moved to the United States in 1954.
The paint also helps to prevent the wood from drying out in the hot sun.
The song was featured in Seether’s 2004 album, Disclaimer II, and soundtrack for the 2004 movie The Punisher.
İlgili bir durum olan ortodoksya, yatarken düzelen dik pozisyonda düşük oksijen satürasyonunun klinik bulgusunu tanımlar.
Peruvian territory was home to the Norte Chico civilization, one of the oldest in the world, and to the Inca Empire, the largest state in Pre-Columbian America.
此外因為本身設計就較重視操控性，舒適性往往會較差，事實很多這類車是雙座位來減少重量和車長。
The highest recorded profit before tax of LKR 6.1 billion was achieved.
He has yellow eyes.
In 2011 17,654 people applied for 1,271 undergraduate places.
They have been used where information needs to be classified.
Küçük suçlar işleyenler içinse, bu kırbacı kullan."
In 1887 he married Mary Bulkeley.
However, he was sacked in November.
首先徵召年滿十五歲的青年組成名為“達特勤”的志願軍。
Peggy Cummins (d. 18 Aralık 1925 – ö. 29 Aralık 2017), Galli-İngiliz oyuncu.
The DNA that was recovered from Ned's skeleton was mitochondrial DNA.
This makes it the second largest city in Sardinia.
By the time Madea was 17, she began going out to night clubs and house parties.
Although McCartney made up most of the content, Coe, who was 17 at the time said that he got most of it right.
Retrieved on September 22, 2012.
ITIS was originally formed in 1996.
Y. Kanazawa and S. Oishi (2002), "A numerical method of proving the existence of solutions for nonlinear ODEs using affine arithmetic".
Efsanevi ve gerçek dışı hikâyelerin takipçisi dindar bir Ortodoks Hristiyandır.
It is equally important for the legal systems themselves to be impartial.
In 1948 Bahr al Ghazal split from Equatoria.
The band played for as long as possible and then were had to cancel some of their concerts.
Oyunun her bölümünde farklı dünyalarda farklı karakterler yönetilir.
Bu olaylardan sonra Hitler, Braun'a daha büyük bir bağlılık göstermeye başladı.
哈罗德二世不幸兵败阵亡，及其兩位弟弟也戰死沙場。
明·萧良干修，张元忭、孙鑛等纂，《万历绍兴府志·卷四十七·人物志十三·列女》：朱娥，上虞朱回女，幼失怙，恃鞠于祖母。
Family tree of the House of Alpin and Dunkeld.
繼2020年1月的大量封鎖挺台言論後，
González was born Sixto A. González Edick in Bayamon, Puerto Rico.
It is named after the nearby islands.
They released a video of the album's first song, "The Unicorn and Princess Rainbow".
This allows the doctor to check the correct sugar levels in the mother's blood.
The subway routes were the only trams to run into North London during the war.
，并在6小时后进一步将系统升级成热带风暴迪娜 citation 。
'nin 1967 yılında Çin hakkında hazırladığı etnikdilsel haritada Sincan'ı gösteren kısımdır.
Northeast Cape York Peninsula has Australia’s largest areas of this highly diverse ecosystem.
It got positive reviews and was the most successful movie of 1992, earning over $217 million in revenue in the United States, and over $504 million worldwide.
The Siamang is different form other gibbons.
Lisa finds Mr. Bergstrom's teaching methods inspiring and finds a whole new love for learning.
Only the rich could afford to hire the many hands needed to scythe and weed the grass, so a lawn was a mark of wealth and status.
It is administratively subdivided into 53 union councils, four of which form the tehsil capital Bhalwal.
』景和元年十一月十九日，稱子勛教，即日戒嚴。
He writes from a libertarian conservative perspective.
A public service announcement (PSA) is a message given to the public about issues without charge.
Dominations and Powers: Reflections on Liberty, Society, and Government.
Early belt-drive turntables were unsuitable for turntablism and mixing, since they had a slow start-up time, and they were prone to wear-and-tear and breakage, as the belt would break from backspinning or scratching.
He was born in Omsk Oblast.
Fon is part of the Gbe language cluster.
By manipulating the input, the controller wants to obtain the desired effect on the output of the system.
Biyolojik annesinin kimliği açıklanmadı; bir kaynak annesinin fakir bir ergen olduğunu iddia ederken bir diğerine göre anneannesi ABD'li bir senatörle evliydi.
;Narabugs:Four small butterflies who are thought to be the waybuloo's pets.
The Hollywood Reporter via AllBusiness.
You are to say everything I command you, and your brother Aaron is to tell Pharaoh to let the Israelites go out of his country.
，知道數千年來人類就曾經發現過彗星。
On 14 March, they play against Finland and South Korea.
These consist of older material recreated for newer games.
The following show, both men fought to a no-contest in a Falls Count Anywhere match.
It is usually teal or dark green.
However he was arrested.
This song was written in 1954 by a jazz pianist Erroll Garner.
There is yet not enough material to make a complete analysis of the individual.
The city started as a stop on the Missouri-Kansas-Texas Railroad.
Ralph put down a peasant revolt at the start of Richard's reign.
The most obvious form of sight-based pattern language comes in the form of writing.
，要求对网络视听直播答题活动加强管理，
These are positive or negative.
Bir klasik batı müziği grubu ile özel sanat çalışmalarına devam etmektedir.
文華校刊由華楡校刊社辦理，內容主要刊載學生創作以及文化資訊介紹等，並設有月湧江流文學獎、沙鷗攝影獎，以及海闊晴空繪畫獎。
粟宗華（1904年－1970年），
For example, of /wiki/URL only works for a link on Wikipedia to this page on Wikipedia.
She has the degree of Bachelor of Arts.
Emma Goldman was an anarcho-communist who was an early supporter of atheism, gay rights and feminism.
The predator gets a shock, and often jumps back when startled.
From X/Y onwards, an Ampharos holding the Ampharosite item can mega evolve into Mega Ampharos, which is an Electric/Dragon type with extra points mostly going into its Special Attack stat.
其後此兩處房地產遭拍賣，陳致中的豪宅佔地400坪，還有私人馬場，媲美度假中心規格，陳致中分得拍賣所得的15％，即22.
Albümde, remix versiyonlarla birlikte toplam 6 şarkı bulunmaktadır.
乡、民族乡、镇的人民代表大会每届任期三年。”
At the end of the year, Lotus closed down.
Matthew George "Matt" Reeves (born April 27, 1966) is an American screenwriter, director and producer.
其收字及選字標準為，從中文大辭典編纂處 「總字表」（49905字）、師大國文研究所「常用字表」（2408字）及教育部「國民學校常用字彙表」（4864字）中，合併統計其總出現次數，再參酌各方意見修訂而成 citation citation 。
Plz verify all is normal."
The bark is silvery grey with deep cracks.
It also takes the smell out of shoes.
In 1883, Lee went to study in Japan, with the support of Park Young-hyo and Seo Jae-pil.
"What about the children? arguments against lesbian and gay parenting", Women's Studies International Forums 24 (5): 555–570.
A foul on the first break results in a special penalty of a loss of 2 points.
Because of short wavelength, UHF has strong directivity and it has small area.
馬可‧卡薩格蘭（Marco Casagrande，1971年5月7日 － ），
At that time the town was part of Austria.
The works of Aristotle translated into English.
They have both eyes on one side of the head: the upper side.
They provide bus tours, charter bus service and route scheduling services.
The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of 21.4 °C (70.5 °F).
It is the location of Fort Gibson National Cemetery.
However, none of these countries submitted their bid before the 3 March 2017 deadline, so Germany or Turkey will host the tournament.
Prussia was mostly German, but in the late 18th century, the new Polish areas had a lot of Polish people too.
For years, the Loire was very important for France's commerce.
Tipu Sultan in his tenure also finished the construction of Lal Bagh Botanical Garden in the Bangalore area which was started by his father Haider Ali.
这一稳定高度取决于温度、露点以及起始高度上方空气的风切变。
During all this, he was also a music teacher.
Helena Almeida (1934 – 25 September 2018) was a Portuguese artist.
Doctors will give therapeutic drugs to someone who is ill to make you better.
，整數3屬於質數，其指示函數為1，整數4不屬於質數，其指示函數為0。
He and Wiki discover Barbaros, and go on a quest to rebuild his body while being pursued by the Rose Rock Pirates.
，塞曼效应可以用来测量天体的磁场。
Once again they could not prove it right away.
They need to be scanned left or right, and up or down (two directions).
Since 1999, Bardsey Island Trust has had an Artist in Residence who spends several weeks on the island producing work which is later shown on the mainland.
She recorded for the River North Records from 1995 to 1997.
The show focuses on an upper middle class American family.
These are usually related to subjects that are not related to verbal subjects.
Dolj County has an area of 7,414 km².
中间体是一个二硝酸化合物： citation "High Purity Homogeneous Catalyst."
Chikungunya was recently spread to the Americas.
For the next two years, they worked closely together to improve the X-ray diffraction photography of DNA and get a sharper image.
'ndan günümüze bir yerleşim yeri olarak kullanılmaktadır.
The Audi Cup is a two-day football tournament.
The first is the biological agent (also called a bio-agent, biological threat agent, or biological warfare agent).
It ending the reign of the Offenhauser, and maintaining that position until the late 1980s.
She spent the years painting and writing.
Some people think OBEs are just dreams, but other people say OBEs don't feel like that.
I love you is a sentence which has only one clause.
Between 1941 and 1946, Crabbe starred in a series of westerns for Producers Releasing Corporation (PRC).
，讓佛教復興 《一切经》：“宋太祖开宝五年，平定列国，造金银字佛经，前后凡数藏。
、講冷笑話、與人聊天講話、玩刺激的遊樂設施。
If a taxon is not extinct, then its parent taxon in the taxonomic hierarchy can't be.
The plateau is the site of some of the most impressive ancient monuments in the world.
Fortunately, the city avoided the tsunami that followed the earthquake.
多亏了两人在搞恶作剧期间获得的信心和动力，贾斯汀已经成为一个成功的游戏设计师，而萊恩从警校毕业后，真正成为了一个不折不扣的洛杉矶警察局警察。
The region has several river systems: the Nyong, the Dja, the Lom, the Kadéï, the Boumba, the Sangha and Ngoko.
Then Hamilton dismounted and turned the bodies over with his boot.
After Muhammad Ahmad's unexpected death on 22 June 1885, only six months after the conquest of Khartoum, his chief deputy took over the administration of the Sudan.
In 1989, Weinberger joined Forbes magazine as an editor.
但首先，缔约国必须通过一项协定以确定两件事：侵略的定义，迄今已证明极其困难，以及在何种条件下法院可以行使其管辖权。
He was heavily influenced by the work of Paul Gauguin and Henri Matisse.
's management company Ciroc Entertainment.
It can have black and yellow colouring on its legs and middle.
To get the same situation as above, these services must interact with each other.
She played 16 games and scored 3 goals for Japan until 2014.
Then he was chosen as the person to help with the 2nd Battalion in Wewak PNG.
现为国家5A级旅游风景名胜区。
Repeat the process for females, because the percentage of female graduates is different from males.
She started her career at the age of twelve.
Money was paid for the priests on April 19, but Ibrihim did not receive the priests that day, and they asked him to return.
此例一開，國內很多的叛亂勢力便引入北部的基督教勢力來壯大自己的勢力，令內亂更趨激化，哈里發的存在變得有名無實。1031年，後倭馬亞末代哈里發希沙姆三世被罷黜，後倭馬亞王朝正式宣告解體。
Bing was born on 30 April 1944 in Tønsberg.
" soon gained them a loyal following and cult status.
So we can think about difference methods preserving physical properties.
Önceki Çekirdek kayıtlarına göre ise daha iyi kaydedilmiş ve dinlenebilir bir durumdadır.
She seeks to steal Xander's affection away from Emma.
In 1831, he married Frederika Amalia Hutter.
He was also Prime Minister of the Italian government, but his task lasted just a few months, because it was just a technical government,which purpose was to lead the country in a moment of difficulties.
It runs from the President's residence Ak Orda to the Khan Shatyr Entertainment Centre.
In some cases (like the case of the motorist), bribery is against the law.
、发动机等方面的技术难度都超过了预期，过分依靠既有技术难以达到预定的性能指标，所以协和飞机的发展过程中也研究、应用了许多新技术，
The western region gets an average of about convert of precipitation per year.
At first, the scientists did not tell anyone where they found the frog.
Camposaurus is definitely a neotheropod.
In 1984 Hansen was convicted of violating the 1978 Ethics in Government Act.
He followed his role of Spock by eight feature movie and guest slots in the various spin-off series.
Rodents are more likely to avoid dominant rats and avoid social interactions amongst each other after the exposure to a stressor.
The string is dragged over the bridge (yueshan 『岳山』), across the surface board, over the nut (longyin 『龍齦』 dragon gums) to the back of the qin, where the end is wrapped around two legs (fengzu 『鳳足』 "phoenix feet" or yanzu 『雁足』 "geese feet").
Saint Helena holds the True Cross which she found in Jerusalem.
Many animals with critically low populations have lost their vital habitat.
The county has a total area of 1,246 square miles.
廈有七池八河，夜間民常溺死，孫命匠修築欄桿，使無溺患，行人便之。
The same characters may used to write Chinese.
There are many kinds of phobias.
，傳言對此泰雅也對雅芝相當不滿，而2008年時雅芝也被投票為花花公子百大性感女郎之一。
当然，也有各种高性能的程序，以及平台相关的API实现，允许所有Java应用程序安全并且平台独立地使用这些功能。
Both regiments were almost completely destroyed.
The fact that Bes was depicted full-face suggests he originated from Africa.
Before the 20th century, people played the acoustic guitar.
Almost 6,350 people lived there in August 2012.
Ezio anahtarların Niccoló Polo tarafından şehre saklanmış olduğunu öğrenir.
It is not a glyph in English.
Before this time, between when Labour MPs were first elected in 1906 and the election in 1922, when substantial gains were made, the post was known as Chairman of the Parliamentary Labour Party.
Team Fortress 2 became a prominent example of vaporware.
In ICIAM 95: Proceedings of the Third International Congress on Industrial and Applied Mathematics.
Savaş filleri karşılarındaki düşman askerini yakalayıp sırtlarındaki kişiye kaldırmak ya da yere bastırıp fildişleri ile parçalamak üzere eğitilirdi.
This chart suggests there are generally two "types" of eruptions: short-wait-short-duration, and long-wait-long-duration.
's public school system has "écoles primaires" (4-12), "cycles d'orientation" (12-15), and the post-obligatory "collèges" (15-19), the oldest of which is the Collège Calvin.
This means the loom was programmable.
The government provided the buildings and money while the church provided the teachers and staff.
」長者答：「那相邦是主張攻嗎？
He became the No.1 GK for the club in August of that season.
In July, the Northern Hemisphere is tilted towards the Sun giving longer days and more direct sunlight; in January, it is tilted away.
She tells radhika she will change and Jolly also says to khana and puts his gun before kanha and promises he will never do anything illegal but just let his sister come to life.
It has won several awards including the Academy Award for Best Picture.
The song was released by Tug Records.
The gluon is a particle with a spin of 1. The gluon holds together quarks to form protons and neutrons.
So that charge seemed valid.
Her name means 'pledge' or 'beloved'.
These metals are characterized by being silvery, very soft, not very dense and having low melting points.
This is known as "Nakai tablature".
He was also thought, together with Peter Jambrek, the main author of the current Slovenian constitution.
In the 1980s, van Toorn became an art educator.
It was first adopted in 1949 https://en.
This view is taken looking upriver towards the Bridge of Craigisla.
He left the club in 1979 and later played for non-league side Minehead.
Cuplock Systems Scaffolding: Commonly made from galvanized steel, cuplock systems scaffolding is popular for its ability to support heavy loads.
The old backgrounds were put through the computer to create a clearer image.
Graphite can be formed from coal put under high heat and pressure.
One of the main factors is drinking plenty of water.
A simple problem in this context might look for the minimal number of colors needed to color the vertices, when two connected vertices cannot have the same color.
，賴品妤便開始積極參與相關的活動。
The area of the outer and inner foreskin combined spans a wide range: 7–100 cm2 and 18–68 cm2 respectively.
He was also the first territorial governor.
Auguste Escoffier ise (1847-1935), "aşçıların kralı ve kralların aşçısı" olarak tanınıyordu.
A bridle without a bit uses a noseband to control a horse, and is called a hackamore, or a bitless bridle.
“Kopyalanma Bombası” adlı son bölümde, Dawkins Darwin’in evrim teorisinin nasıl dünya dışında da işleyebileceğini açıklıyor.
Her brother Ivica won several silver medals (in 2006 and 2010).
It was a popular time for reggaetón music and Verónica's album included as its first single "Vengo Con To".
It is due to this story that we get the meaning behind the word echo.
拜住雖然在戰前接獲他麾下喬治亞軍官憂心忡忡的報告 - 塞爾柱聯軍人數眾多，遠超過蒙古人的部隊，不過拜住認為敵人的數量並不算什麼，他說：「敵方的人數越多，我軍獲得的勝利就越光榮，此外也確保我們會有更多的戰利品可以掠奪」 Henry Desmond Martin, "The Mongol army", Journal of the Royal Asiatic Society, 1943/1-2, pp.
It was also a success and she sold many copies.
The management of the activity doesn't satisfy all the people involved.
A two-disk DVD of the documentary was made in 2015.
View of ceiling and a "panj kaseh-i".
It is also called leading a double life.
The last movement is a big contrast to the atmosphere in the slow movement.
國立台灣師範大學歷史研究所博士論文。
司机室内机车运行方向的左侧设有司机操纵台、
Emmental cheese was first made around 1353 when Bern joined the confederacy.
He is a blind believer in morals taught by his greedy and hypocrite maternal aunt, Nanda Devi.
In childhood Margaret was known as la petite créature.
The start of a river is called the source or head water.
形象是一名哥特風的女孩，希望能讓自己變得「漂亮」，因此恐懼自己身體的劣化程度。
However, he also is tied for the lowest health of any class.
Socrates chose death.
The huge elephant crushed most, but sometimes refused.
Species include the Ruwenzori Turaco and Handsome Francolin.
They are the most advanced and widespread examples from this period, certainly in Europe.
By 1891, 6,000 tons of coal had been dug from shafts.
They are the mammals most fully adapted to aquatic life with a spindle-shaped nearly hairless body, protected by a thick layer of blubber, and forelimbs and tail modified to provide propulsion underwater.
It sent a powerful message that eventually led to blacks not being allowed to play at all.
Sometimes they talk about their ideas in unusual ways like with poetry, drawings, or in multiple languages to let people see their perspective in different ways.
Daha sonra Batman diğer kahramanları gözlemek için Borther I gözetleme uydusunu yapar.
It later opened up a new studio, adjacent to its main studio, specializing in 2d animation.
In 1995, it was updated to produce 201 horsepower.
She's a pretty blonde, but is actually very smart, and built their robot Thursday.
Water tank and train station signal.
The three return to the beach where the first meeting was held and discover that Piggy was unable to take the register.
It was established in 1972.
An equal sign is often used for the eyes in place of the colon, without changing the meaning of the emoticon.
Toplum tarafından pek bilinmeyen Kürt aydını Celadet Bedirhan'ın hayat hikâyesinin romanlaştırılmış sunumu olan Kader Kuyusu, Aydın Trajedisi üçlemesinin ikinci kitabıdır.
The population according to the 1901 census was 125,803, compared with 119,219 in 1891.
The tower is convert tall.
Traditional applications continue to work.
They thrived between 1810 and 1880.
Its subsequent album became another critical milestone as What's Going On had been and with his new look as a wool hat-wearing, studded jean outfit, bearded "messiah", Marvin had become an icon of early seventies soul music.
It is possible that these elements possess unusual chemical properties and, if they have isotopes with adequate lifespans, would be available for various practical applications (such as particle accelerator targets and as neutron sources as well).
This gives him the right to control the Senate.
后改行投身商海 citation 。
The other states are mostly ignored.
Later that afternoon, Private Nakamine discovered an enemy soldier on the right flank of his platoon’s position.
The republic has several airports, including Baikal International Airport.
The Appalachian chain is a barrier to east-west travel.
。8月5日，标普宣布降低了美国政府的AAA主权信用评级至AA+级 citation 。
讀畢，遣官跪奠三爵，每奠一叩，諸官隨禮。
At the end of the adventure, Freddie wakes up and finds that the story was all a dream.
The list below gives the chancellors of West Germany.
It appears a lot in the Hebrew Bible as Ezov.
This was first played in Paris in 1853.
He shakes his fist at The Charlatan, then collapses in a second death.
The Madwoman in the Attic: The Woman Writer and the Nineteenth-Century Literature Imagination.
's classic "Waiting for Tonight" clip and adds more lasers, guyliner, thrashy dance moves, silver top hats and outrageously spiky shoulder pads."
四月十四日，参加娘乃节的人们来到嘛呢康哇一起参加全村人自愿集资举办的聚餐会，在四月十四日这一天，大家都吃得很饱因为到了第二天就只能转廓拉、
，任用他掌管兵事，转任掌朝下大夫。
Igglybuff was one of the 100 new Pokémon introduced in Gold and Silver.
Many community groups and organisations use the old buildings.
In 71 BC, a band of slaves escaped.
Ancient Assyrian stone relief of a genie.
The narrator marries at a young age and introduces his wife to the domestic joys of owning pets.
The population according to the 1901 census was 14,543.
In the morning they were separated but at night they came together, which created the darkness.
In 2007 it was shown on UKTVGold.
She was sacrificed to the Morning Star.
The 68th had only 243 men.
Octavia, Nero’s wife, is very sad that her husband is having an affair with someone else and hopes that the gods will punish him.
This provides secure boot, which is protection against viruses.
樓蘭大城位於絲路南北分道起始點，許多東來西往的商人、軍人、僧人和旅人，都匯聚於此，民生狀況看似光鮮亮麗，但事實上則是龍蛇混雜。
The Statute of Kilkenny had a lot of laws made to separate the English from the Irish.
先生於民國二十五年成婚，德配陳碧珍女士出於同邑梅山鄉望族，生丈夫子六：一雄、一鶚、一元、一夔、一民、一椽。
On November 5, he returned to the Conservatory of Naples and shortly after he moved to Milan where he continued his musical studies.
Horrible Bosses 2'nin çekimlerine başlanmıştır ve 26 Kasım 2014'te vizyona gireceği duyurulmuştur.
Being in A and being in B is necessary and sufficient for being in the purple region.
On this second track, there is one person.
The songs from the album later leaked and a cover was made using a photo of apl.
謝思煒《白居易詩集校注》，北京，中華書局，2006年初版。
He played 56 games and scored 15 goals for Japan until 1971.
患者为中国重庆籍，在西班牙留学，3月18日从西班牙巴塞罗那经莫斯科转机到达北京，3月19日从北京乘坐航班于当晚到达重庆，随即被送至指定地点接受集中隔离医学观察。3月22日被确诊为2019冠状病毒病病例 citation 。
：“完颜兀鲁怨上杀其兄完颜宗敏，有怨望语。”
Bu dilde ses çeşitliliği daha azdır.
It was translated into English in 1983.
調查人員開始檢查村內的電磁場，發現事發時有大量電磁能脈衝，並推斷這些電磁場是人造的，並且來自海上。
卡尔·克劳福全场5个打数击出5支安打，威利·艾巴5打数4安打，并有5分打点。
The Integrated Taxonomic Information System (ITIS) is an American organization.
Meanwhile, the Chin fights crime inside another issue.
He died at age 85 on August 24, 2017.
RNAi'in keşfi ALS tedavisinde bir umut doğurmuştur.
She is immortal because she bears the code.
They began throwing Alger's books away.
Police officers of the CRS in operation.
Ek Anokhi Rakshak - Naagkanya aired from 20 January 2020 to 21 February 2020 on Dangal TV.
Vande Mataram is the national song of India.
通知以强硬口气指责北京南站安检“不知道犯什么病了”，阻止站内商户进货，导致餐厅部分商品缺货。
Some idea-for-idea translations use very easy English.
By the Kelvin–Stokes theorem, this equation can also be written in a "differential form".
Life was rich, full, and usually peaceful.
梁紹儒（1509－1574），字存業，号玉庵，山東兖州府東平州人，
The sea troll (Theodor Kittelsen, 1887).
，裝上main，由公爵（Conrad Hauser / Duke，
Eski oyunlarından, Kiralık Oyun’u, Ortaoyuncular’ın 25. yılı dolayısıyla tekrar sahneye koyan Şensoy, aynı sene, Nasrettin Hoca Altın Eşek Gülmece Ödülü’nün de sahibi oldu.
He played many matches as offensive midfielder from 2017.
This is how the clustering takes place.
Veglia is the Croatian Island Krk, Crepsa is the island Cres, Arba is called Rab today.
When there is a divorce case, a decision will be made about whether the mother or the father has custody of the child.
The change will be on 1 April 2009 at the latest.
Instead, the number of resistant colonies on each plate varied to a great extent.
The total casualties on that important day were 60 German and 26 RAF aircraft shot down.
It started with the Monday Night Wars.
Manningham had a total of 72 receptions for 1,174 yards and 12 touchdowns in 2007.
It is in the Treasures Gallery of the Abraham Lincoln Presidential Library and Museum.
After she gets out of the apartment, she must run to the elevator which to her surprise brings out Byakuya Togami.
You can turn the switch off by applying a negative voltage to the "gate", so it is lower voltage than the "source".
This creates a larger surface area.
夜，令百人黑衣混金營中擾之，金兵驚，自相攻擊。
」日治時期的1937年（或1938年）被日本人強制拆除，1977年始於現址重建。
Although the McGurk effect has been primarily studied in English because of its origins in English speaking countries, research has now spread to others countries with different languages as well.
There he played from 1992 until 2011.
，根據37位評論家的評論，這部電影的平均分為51分（滿分100） citation 。
A particle could be described as being 50% likely to be in one place at one time, or 50% likely to be in one place at another time.
A race track may have seats for the spectators to watch the race.
Charlemagne took up guitar and singing at the age of 16 and by 1968 formed a band named Les Remarquables.
A large number of people emigrated to the United Kingdom during the 1950s and 1980s.
Uluslararası bir içecek olan biranın yapımı, ülkeden ülkeye değişiklikler göstermektedir.
After Beth is released from hospital, she forgives Dan and they return home.
The "c." means that he was born in about 1162, but the exact date is not certain.
Almost all states in Europe, Asia, Africa and Oceania grant citizenship at birth based upon the principle of jus sanguinis (right of blood).
For her entire career, she remained a radio, theatre and cabaret artiste, and never broke into the medium of television.
。 citation 主辦城市和地點的宣佈於1997年8月8日公告。
Joachim Peiper Aralık 1956 yılı sonunda şartlı olarak serbest bırakılmıştır.
He finished second in the 4 X 400 meter T11-T13 race and finished third in the 1,500 meter T11 race.
In simple creatures such as rodents, physiological needs may be the only needs that have to be met.
The Ma On Shan Line was constructed by the KCR to serve Ma On Shan and City One residential areas and operation of the line was outsourced to the MTR.
" (ἄγγελος) is probably loaned from and related to Greek ἄγγαρος.
武威將軍、永寧鄉侯，但公孫度已自以為是遼東王了，说：“我王辽东，何永宁也！”
Richard's father, George Cypher, was mysteriously killed in the beginning of the book.
It is one of those things that is easily said.
He played a sort of parody of his own character.
，1991年电影，主演王铁成、郑小娟、张克瑶、卢奇，导演丁荫楠。
It is arranged from west to east, by coast.
藍銅礦的硬度比青金石低，為3.5~4.0，折光率1.73~1.83，質地脆，無大的緻密塊體。
The Malcontent, edited by George K. Hunter, with a new introduction, together with a revised reading text and commentary notes.
Introduction to Tantra : The Transformation of Desire.
二十四年八月，太后復出訓政，參預新政諸臣皆獲罪。
Thrissur has a literacy rate of 86%, higher than the national average of 59.5%: male literacy is 87%, and female literacy is 85%.
White with color-coordinated pick guard to match the car (blue, white pearl, black, red).
In order for an instrument to accompany the qin, its sound must be mellow and not overwhelm the qin.
The term needle may also be used to refer to other sharp objects used for different purposes, such as the needles doctors use to give a shot.
这让我感到难受，比挨打还难受。
Carina Edlinger and guide Julian Edlinger are scheduled to participate in the 7.5 km race.
The historic old city forms an irregular square, consisting of four parts (called Stoecke).
Her husband gives her a pair of wings so she can fly with him on his travels from flower to flower.
The first published account of this fungus was from an infestation of French bakeries in 1843.
為了反映從原型HSR-350X和常規KTX獲得的技術數據以及客戶的心聲，普通座椅將採用980毫米的可旋轉斜躺座椅，其座椅間距比常規KTX大50毫米。
Surprisingly, while there was such a strain between Anne and Louis at this time, Anne suddenly had a baby.
It was left in a garbage pile in the alley behind an apartment building in the Snowdon area of Montreal.
Van Ost retired from performing in 1982 to form a casting company with her husband, Andrew Millington.
One of the world's longest bridges connects the eastern and the western parts of the country, and there is a large bridge to Sweden also.
大衛和聖予貝爾的計畫従未完成。
This requires a small change in the way mirrors are usually polished.
John Caplan took over as CEO while Katie Ford was on the Board of Directors.
The private mausoleum and chapel of the Russell Family and the Dukes of Bedford is at St. Michael’s Church in Chenies, Buckinghamshire.
The movie is based on the book Phantom Filly by George Andrew Chamberlain.
Two of these can be attached to make reloading quicker.
Batıda Hamnigan, Transbaykal bölgesindeki bir başka at yetiştirme ustası grubuydu.
The rebuilt station opened on 20 November 1999.
El-Hadi 3 Ekim 1994 tarihinde Başkan Yardımcısı olarak Devlet Başkanı Ali Abdullah Salih tarafından atandı.
，手持團扇乃是為了將味噌的香味搧向自己 參考《妖怪お化け雑学事典》，千葉幹夫著，
Pihlajavesi lacks large open lake areas but has more islands than any other lake in Finland.
His father showed no interest in raising him.
饮食运动疗法是糖尿病患者最基础的治疗方案。
So for example the Asian Games, where he beat Kong Linghui.
The music video was directed by renowned director Joseph Kahn, with Swift producing it.
Between Kaine's resignation and the next DNC meeting, current DNC Vice-Chair Donna Brazile served as the interim Chair of the Democratic National Committee.
The demo of the song is a typical Oasis approach to the song, featuring overdriven guitar and a stronger beat, as well as a guitar solo.
Like the rest of the southeastern U.S., Warne receives abundant rainfall, which is relatively evenly distributed throughout the year.
In the town, the population was spread out with 25.6% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 23.4% from 45 to 64, and 17.7% who were 65 years of age or older.
When they hear a scream they run out to find a dead man at the foot of a cliff.
After tasting the snack Anaya created, Finan asked what it was called.
Bilbo keeps it, and brings it back with him to the Shire at the end of his journey.
Eléonor Sana as the first person to qualify for South Korea. citation She was selected to be the flag bearer at the Opening Ceremonies.
Richter left the WWF shortly after, and Moolah held the title for approximately two years.
中華民國館系三樓宮殿式，紅牆綠瓦，頗為別致，且地點適中，遊人如織。
All the same, they were significant and difficult to overcome.
Laurie was later given a larger role as George in the next two series.
在单连通空间内，无旋向量场具有路径无关的性质。
His work is a link with earlier ballet traditions.
Movies made in India are popular in the Middle East, South Asia, and Western countries like the United Kingdom and the United States as well as India.
The band finished their fourth Projekt Revolution tour.
Paul Knight decided it was time for a tragic exit for one of the main characters.
In the late 1500s and early 1600s, the Dutch and the French tried to take land in Brazil.
Some of the characters he created are Sam Spade (The Maltese Falcon), Nick and Nora Charles (The Thin Man), and the Continental Op (Red Harvest and The Dain Curse).
She is known as the “Immortal Beloved”, but no one knows who she was.
İlk antrenörü Vadim Ungurs, ilk kulübü Avtomobilist’ti.
The action-adventure movie is about two criminals, Veeru and Jai (played by Dharmendra and Amitabh Bachchan), who were hired by a retired police officer (Sanjeev Kumar) to catch the cruel dacoit Gabbar Singh (Amjad Khan).
The value of a permanent point-to-point network is the value of guaranteed, or nearly so, communications between the two endpoints.
Because congressional representatives is determined by population, electors are assigned based on representatives.
In 1979 they were replaced by the Fédération Internationale du Sport Automobile, or FISA.
The vehicle is sold in other countries as the Suzuki Escudo.
When water traveled through the land it formed the Yangze River, the Huai River, the Yellow River, and the Han River.
When it thinks it will get it.
Squirrelpaw is apprenticed to Dustpelt, and Leafpaw is apprenticed to Cinderpelt, in training to become the next medicine cat of ThunderClan.
According to Charlie, she is quiet and does not talk much, but when she does everybody listens to her.
貝克德斯羅塞斯山（Bec des Rosses），
This unusual situation may explain why eusociality evolved several times in the haplodiploid group Hymenoptera —
The buildings in the old city originate, on the whole, from building projects during the 16th century, when nearly all the Middle Age period buildings were replaced or expanded.
His run for president helped start the conservative movement of today, which agrees with many of Goldwater's ideas.
广州军区公安军司令部管理湖南省、广东省、广西省边防、内卫部队及一切边防公安业务。
This means less of the signal is absorbed.
He is also a member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce.
It is a home-built aircraft with two seats.
Each held convert of the chemical.
However, this may only be true for male autists.
This time too the season didn't manage to gain TRP ratings and the season was shut down soon.
Bernhardt was so satisfied with the success of this first poster that she entered into a 6-year contract with Mucha.
The tourists are travelling in a vessel called Selene, that skims along the surface.
He was also granted the right to use the Grand Trunk rails for free in the coming year.
She was one of the favorite students of the school, and when she returned to the USA, the school missed her.
Abraham had his own band called "Los Dinos" from the 1960s-1970s.
Bridgestone decided to supply tires for Formula One in 1995.
Hydrogen gas flows into channels on one face of the cell and migrates through that electrode, while the same occurs with oxygen gas along the opposite electrode.
》，推出後成為台灣新興網路媒體，並於隔年2016在網友連署下推出紙本，目前已成為固定季刊。
Type two NACT simply used existing Native languages.
律政司司長鄭若驊反駁指，國家安全一直是中央事權，又認為對方有機會違反國際法 citation 。
A crowd of an estimated 3,000 attended an event in Minneapolis.
She was named after the 1970s song "Amie" by Pure Prairie League.
Artur "Atze" Brauner (born Abraham Brauner; 1 August 1918 7 July 2019) was a Polish-born German movie producer and entrepreneur.
He also won three EuroBasket silver medals, in 1947, 1951 and 1955.
The quick development continued on September 13, and by that evening, it had strengthened into a major hurricane - the first of 2006 - while maintaining a very small size.
Under the direction of the two French committees responsible for listed buildings, The National Historic Landmark Commission and the Bâtiments de France both the outside and inside have been restored.
The fleet consists of 52 Kinki Sharyo electric light rail vehicles owned by NJT and operated under contract by 21st Century Rail.
This extinction event, also called the Great Dying, affected all life on Earth, and is estimated to have killed 90% of species living at the time.
However, lone doves will find new partners if necessary.
She thinks that getting a liposuction will make Homer like her more.
，期间亦曾因家境贫寒在金矿山做过3个月苦工。
Bu filmdeki bazı parçalar adı geçen filmlerde Chaplin tarafından geliştirilecektir.
The gharial's snout is narrow and long, with a dilation at the end and its nasal bones are comparatively short and are widely separated from the pre-maxillaries.
İktisat ve İşletme Bölümü’nde tamamlamıştır.
王德民和同事组成科技攻关组，通过一千多次的试验，研发了新的偏心配产、配水器，后来被推广到很多油田。
For example, when a car brakes, it is decelerating.
Ayrıca girişte grubun halktan biriyle yaptığı bir röportaj var.
张帥（1981年7月20日 － ），男，
It may have spent much of its time in the water and could have hunted there.
Monroe was considered to be attractive.
── 劇場空間《少年梵高的煩惱》
Most healing processes combine both ways of healing.
真人好讀經史、解屬文、容止溫雅。
His Miss Budweiser team won 134 of the 354 hydroplane races they entered.
In the old U.S. geologic literature it is called magnesian limestone.
她接着补充道：“美国空军时刻准备着保护美利坚合众国与其财产。”
The movie was released on June 28, 2013.
The first Samoan Civil War lasted for eight years.
They started building it in 1819.
The standard model of physics has no Majorana fermions, all particles are Dirac fermions.
Bu zayiata giden İspanyol denizcilerinin 600'nun "oficiales" adı verilen gayet iyi eğitim ve tecrübeli gedikli denizci ve 2.400 tüfekçi ("arquebusier") olması bu galibiyetin önemini daha da açığa çıkartmaktadır.
Munir Mohamad Mangal (1950 – May 2, 2020) was an Afghan general.
Filipović also fought for the Pride Fighting Championships where he won a PrideFC 2006 Openweight Grand Prix Tournament.
Gascoyne has been nominated for several accolades at the British Soap Awards for his portrayal of Peter Barlow.
而凱羅·忍受到莉亞與芮的原力影響並對原力黑暗面的自己大受動搖，
He is married to Jaime Gardner.
后又出任流亡政府第六、七届噶伦赤巴。
He wanted to use the army to destroy Konoha.
In 1996, a 10 meter statue was built in Fertőrákos near Sopron.
Bullfrogs are considered one of the worst alien invasive species (AIS).
His bid was approved on June 4, 2014.
The buildings are close to major bus lines.
He has two children with Patricia and one with Sasha.
》：由尼古拉斯·達格斯托飾演尚未成為雙面人的哈維‧丹特。
Household type is strongly correlated with household income.
》、《土地与人类演进》、《命运：马丁路德传》
Factory brok through in Sweden with the 1978 single Efter plugget 1978.
With the change from Olduwan to Acheulean technique, hominins got more of a return for a given output of energy and could do more.
As a result, users sometimes need to configure their operating systems and web browsers accordingly.
This major river flows into the sea from the north through Burma.
In 1954, the town of Inzai was founded.
She is 5'10" (178 cm) tall and is an official face of the Macedonian fashion label "Kara".
Gurnemanz realizes who it is.
Each year, Amadora organizes the Amadora International Comics Festival.
A post box, also known as pillar box, also known as a collection box, mailbox, letter box or drop box (American English) is a box where people can put mail for sending.
The building was destroyed by fire in 1946.
Carole J Everett; Peterson's, College Guide for Performing Arts Majors (Lawrenceville, NJ: Peterson's, 2009), p. 251 A music conservatory is on the college campus.
'ye Kongre Binası'ndan ziyade Beyaz Saray'ı hedef olarak tercih ettiğini ve bunu Muhamed Atta'ya söylemesini söyledi.
The new art teacher figures out that he is dyslexic and helps him to overcome his disability.
Athens was supported by a small force from the city of Plataea.
After defeating a boss, the player can earn another life by spelling out the word "Extra" with the letters that appear on the table selection screen.
球季結束後，塞佩沙跑去波多黎各打冬季聯盟，結果他在那邊弄傷了腳踝。1963年，儘管整季都帶傷上陣，塞佩沙還是繳出3成16打擊率，外帶34轟與97分打點的不俗成績。
Although they were doing well, Ritchie Blackmore and Deep Purple decided to get a different singer.
People who are diagnosed early (before age 22) usually have more severe relapses (where they return to being dysthymic after having been healthy), and are more likely to have other mental illnesses along with their dysthymia.
The aim of this configuration is to decrease the amount of produced energy and reduce the costs regarding the cooling process by controlling the air flow.
Martsinkevich received three prison sentences for inciting racial or ethnic hatred.
His second wife was Bridget Lee who died in 1667.
The townspeople immediately fear the Beast, but Belle insists he's gentle and kind.
Area around the base was cleared to remove obstructions and make flight easier at the base.
'nin altı günlük bir devirle saat yönünün tersinde döndüğü görüldü.
It is the most common romanization system for Chinese.
The only thing he cares about the pain and suffering of others.
The Musée Auguste Chabaud was opened in this village in 1992.
They soon began to integrate into the social life and otherwise, they began to learn Kölsch.
因為後輪正向力會在剎車過程中減少，後輪的煞車最多約可以產生0.25 g（~2.5 m/s 2 ）的減速度。
A fortified tower used as refuge for men involved in a blood feud that are vulnerable to attack.
中华民国于1936年12月2日批准该公约。
When his brother Filippo Emanuele, Prince of Piedmont died, he became legitimate heir to the duchy and received the loyalty swore of the court at Racconigi on 21 January 1607.
She performs well at school and in every subject she has the grades "very good", but in history she has the grade "good".
The art of authority: exhibits, exhibit makers and the contest for scientific status at the American Museum of Natural History, 1920–1940.
The Imperial House of Japan, p. 59. His reign started in 758 and ended in 764.
It is not very common.
This rating means a movie has been banned from a part of Australia.
，已從殭屍化復原的冬獅郎從身體保養箱中被釋放出來，向涅道謝並重回戰場，
Because he played well, he was given a $1 million bonus for the year.
于是命公卿百僚讨论，都说“陆让之罪当死”。
This makes the Philippines the most Westernized country in eastern Asia.
A new VLA-Hipparcos distance to Betelgeuse and its implications.
This also caused the tapes to wear out quickly.
Holocaust victims died in many ways.
Starting around 1924 or 1925, the Pennsylvania National Guard began using what is now known as PHL (also called Hog Island) for a practice airfield.
The Monster Times no.
Çayır köpekleri 1 ila 7 yavru doğurabilirler ama genelde 3-4 yavru doğururlar.
It served the Roman colony of Arausio (more specifically, Colonia Julia Firma Secundanorum Arausio: "the Julian colony of Arausio started by the soldiers of the second legion").
不想给孩子钱的两人闯入YouPorn总部，破坏他们的服务器。
Cape Fear was released on April 12, 1962.
Resmi olarak, 20 Kasım 1975 tarihinde, Falange'ın kurucusu José Antonio Primo de Rivera'nın aynı ölüm tarihinde, 82 yaşında öldü.
这些元素的各種性質與门捷列夫的預言驚人地吻合，
The game port has a 15-pin DSUB interface, most home computers that used digital joysticks had a 9-pin one.
Rules of equity began when it became apparent that the common law courts could not solve all legal problems.
This is usually called Population model.
I.E」，自2006年10月起由本人正式改為「DIE」。
This second-to-last winged stage is usually very short, lasting from 30 minutes to one day, depending on the species.
Sargent looked very ill, and died two weeks later.
Although he played many matches until the 2011/12 season, he could not play many matches in the 2012/13 season.
Aristotle's views have very strong aspects of a teleological argument, specifically that of a prime mover, who (so to speak) looks ahead in setting the cosmos into motion.
Jessie Ware performing on 13 January 2012 on the stage of Simplon Up theatre at the Eurosonic 2012 Festival.
此款彈射椅約在1943至1944年量產，第一批被安裝的飛機應該是He-162、He-219、Do-335（最先裝的可能是He-162）。
'in dört ana ofisinden biridir.
大聯盟成立於2013年5月4日，致力透過監察政府，就發展新界的政策和事務上為市民發聲。
She was a daughter of Hermann Billung(† 973), Duke of Saxony.
Litmus paper is put onto filter paper.
Changes in size are done by removing or adding sections of fuselage (the part of the aircraft passengers sit in) and adjusting the power of the engines.
Cotton had become the largest cash crop.
直至2009年11月1日为止，
London: The Studio, Ltd, 1924.
In the above example, when we chose Train B as our frame of reference, Train A appeared to be moving forward.
It got its new name in 2010.
Haydn said to Leopold Mozart one day: "Before God and as an honest man I tell you that your son is the greatest composer known to me either in person or by name.
Trade in commodities is like trade in any other physical product or service.
Dimitri escapes through the window.
而在2001年8月，所有ICE-3M列车均已完成交付 。
，蒋于12月15日通电辞职下野。
Because of its impact, the name Roxanne was later retired and replaced by Rebekah.
'ne bir alternatif olarak verilmesi zorunluluğunu getirdi.
Those who will help in his capture will be rewarded generously for their good work.
Shari Lewis delighted children with her lovable sock puppets 'Lamb Chop', 'Charlie Horse' and 'Hush Puppy'.
已，偕酉陽諸軍直取桑木關，大敗賊眾，為南川路戰功第一。
：“忠賢盡竊大權，生殺予奪，在其掌握。
Michael Shea died unexpectedly on February 16, 2014.
Şimdi daha az hızlı büyümektedirler ve normalde 40 yaşına ulaşaabilmelerine rağmen nadiren altı yıldan daha yaşlıları bulunmaktadır.
Google Play Store uygulaması açık kaynaklı değildir.
Many drives fail because of mechanical problems.
Artık karakterlerin hepsinin görünüşü farklıdır ve birçok yeni karakter ile uzaylı eklenmiştir.
》，两部加起来故事剧情基本覆盖了原著《
Bu bana şeklimi, şu an olduğum kişiyi verdi.
In honor of his fallen friend, Guerrero did his finishing move, the Frog Splash.
薩摩斯島和萊斯博斯島分別1930年和1931年轉至本教區。
Lessons were held within the temple until a new $35 million five-storey building is completed.
A Boeing Model 40 in the 1930s.
Sauron was defeated and the war ended.
Recipes are slightly different depending on the parts of Korea it comes from.
He was born and grew up in Flint.
⑤另外，城西南丁家洲豪德贸易广场，该广场是目前景德镇最主要的建筑和装饰材料集中经销区；还有城西北的中国陶瓷城，主要销售景德镇瓷器，但名气较同样进行陶瓷销售的瓷器街逊色。
Ancient Venezuelans came from the east, west, south, and north.
One of the special elements of "Money" are the sound effects that begin the song.
About 90% of an iceberg is below the water line and ten percent above.
Anjou was then given to Louis's youngest son, Charles.
The bidding goes as shown with South becoming the declarer in a 4 spades contract, he being the first to bid spades.
File:Official Presidential portrait of Thomas Jefferson (by Rembrandt Peale, 1800).
在整個十九世紀，佛羅里達州人口稀少，
，曾任職朝鮮勞動黨書記局書記、政治局委員及最高人民會議代議員。
Depending on what materials are available, they propose different alternative preparations.
The Boomerang operates with one train with 7 cars, each capable of carrying 4 people (28 people per train).
史称其时：“三十年间，氓庶蕃息，奉上供徭，止于岁赋。
The college was founded in 1962, but its origins are older.
For an investment of as little as $100 for the panel and wiring, the PV system can be used to charge a car battery, which can then provide power to run a fluorescent lamp or a small television for a few hours a day.
His first compositions were played in Cádiz.
Obito decided he would use the Tailed Beasts to destroy reality.
A Roman bridge in Maastricht connected the west with the east, making Maastricht a very strategic point.
The layers may have different colors.
In this approach, perception starts off with something general and becomes specific.
Gözleri neredeyse tamamen deri ve kaslar ile kaplıdır ve kullanılmaz hale gelmiştir.
》（1926年）中的角色蘭代爾·派克 : 9-11 。
。 citation 它的全长是17.
誰見過風（Who Has Seen the Wind）
Oyunlarda 15 ülkeden katılan sporcular mücadele etti.
Learning how to ride a bicycle is an example of a type of neural plasticity that may take place largely within the cerebellum.
The cathar church did not build anything.
Fabiola Andrea Yáñez (born 14 July 1981) is an Argentine journalist and actress.
As of 2016, 6,755 people lived there.
The Imperial Russian Ministry of the Interior ordered a search, which involved 15 vessels and lasted until October 16, 1893.
Next she met Grzegorz Ciechowski - singer, music producer and leader of rock band Republika.
McWhinney's textbook of family medicine.
動畫版是由水手天王星的宇宙劍，水手海王星的深海鏡和水手冥王星的石榴玉共同引導出來。
Publishers Weekly says that it had sold fourth-most copies of any children's book ever as of 2001. citation December 17, 2001, Publishers Weekly.
His later movies are less liked.
、广东粤学会、苏州苏学会，陕西味经学会、
Parker'ın 1958 yılında Astrophysical Journal'a sunduğu kâğıt iki yorumcu tarafından şiddetle reddedildi.
And it is a fair representation of the issue."
Maçlarda bir güreşçi kafesinden üstünden kaçmaya çalışırken, diğer güreşçinin kafesin kapısından çıkmayı istemesi mümkündür.
He wrote and edited at least 30 books.
她和丈夫红心国王在一起是故事中的统治者。
The first Commission was created in 1952 and was called the "High Authority".
在注重门第的韩国足球界，金周荣是延世大学出身，
This is because accidents happened a lot in the area.
In the past, only people who owned land could vote. citation The constitution outlined how eminent domain would work in Vermont, which is where the government can take private property if they pay the owners.
The Big Snowy Mountains are nearby.
She has to choose between loyalty to Madame and her own attachment to Thomas O'Malley, until the end of the movie.
ICD-10 maddesi "cinsel yönelim, tek başına, bir rahatsızlık/hastalık olarak kabul edilemez" şeklindedir.
Another main belief is that humans have a "soul" or spirit which lives on after their body has died.
In June 1983, they began writing the script for Wanda.
In late 2014 the club announced that it had purchased the rights for the Galaxy name.
Cypress Gardens and Splash Island now have separate ticketing, though seasonal passes are available.
Bunun yanı sıra, 1-4 numaralı reaktörlerde saklanan kullanılmış yakıt tanklarındaki su seviyesinin düşmesi sonucu tanklarda aşırı ısınma meydana geldi.
This is because not all medicines work on the malaria in every place.
He is known for having "Southern humor" and unusual styles of entertainment.
In some video games, characters that are not secret but appear only as non-player characters like bosses or enemies become playable characters after beating them, doing certain other things, or sometimes cheating.
He became bloated and irritable, and looked drunk on his last television appearance, on William F. Buckley's Firing Line in 1968.
It was directed by Phillip Noyce in 2002 for 6 million US dollars.
To “seal something off” means to close an area so that no one can go there.
Basically, the whole system developed in the same period of time.
Her sister Lillian was later laid to rest beside her.
By splicing in data from what would have been another game, CC Corp is able to rebuild the game system, thus creating The World:R2.
、金东仁等一批留学日本的批评家的出现，形成了朝鲜近代文学观，树立了批评的理论基础，并开始进行初步的实际批评。
The album also features collaborations with Juan Magan, Mims, Syko, Vinny el Vendito, and Yunel Cruz.
It is lighter and stronger than copper wire, which helps prevent the cables from sagging.
Now the program will switch off the motor.
Uranium-235 makes up about 0.72% of natural uranium.
The commune with fewest people living in it is Valmozzola, with 533 inhabitants.
此后辞职归乡居家以孝友称 citation 。
Retrieved 1 February 2014 Schell was 83 years old when he died.
In 2005, the country's population was 137,737.
In 1944, due to the intensification of Allied air raid attacks in Japan, he moved to the Jōshinji Temple in Setagaya with his mother and his maternal grandfather.
Bazı bitki türleri ise bal özü sunmadığı halde, öbür çiçekli bitkileri taklit ederek hayvanları renkleriyle kandırabilir.
Logan onu yener ama öldürmez.
Most ginger ales come in a green can.
Because of the linear growth with time, the mean anomaly makes calculating the time of flight between two points on the orbit very easy.
In 1915, Mamie met Dwight D. Eisenhower.
Pedipalplerin üzerinde havadaki titreşimleri algılayan ve trichobothrium olarak adlandırılan küçük duyu tüyleri bulunur.
Several villains from that show return on this show and also brings back characters like Phil, Peanut, and Avenger.
Maxene was married to Jack Kapp from 1941 until his death in 1949.
In 2020 Leavy’s book Film received the American Fiction Award for Inspirational Fiction.
These are freshwater diving ducks.
As the player gets more right answers, they advance in level.
天河區的一個商業購物中心和寫字樓綜合體，其中寫字樓萬菱國際中心高218米。
It is the fifth Super Mario game.
He returned to France in July 1918.
鐵路全長783公里，其中吉布提段長100公里，埃塞俄比亚段长683公里。
People working in respiratory care are called Respiratory Therapists.
He served in that capacity until 1902, returning back to Oregon.
She recorded, "Don't Explain", "Big Stuff", "You Better Go Now", and "What is This Thing Called Love?"
The images are always obscured and the meaning hidden.
幸存的孩子和他们自己的孩子继续公布案件并调查线索。
She received diplomas from Brentwood Academy in Beauty Specialist Techniques.
There are lots of historical monuments in Absheron.
The rights to the Seven were sold in 1973 to Caterham Cars, who continue to produce it today.
"Her Donated Organs Changed Lives of Many - SignOnSanDiego.com." San Diego News, Local, California and National News - SignOnSanDiego.com. Web.
Everything glows, depending on its temperature.
The song was released on October 28, 2000.
Revised third edition.
Under these programs, the university welcomes a growing number of foreign students.
The study, which had volunteers swab their unwashed sheets over a period of four weeks, found pillowcases contained 39 times more bacteria than pet food bowls at the end of the testing period.
由于每一个裁判的打分都会被作为判定选手名次的依据，而没有类似于体操等其他打分项目的“无效打分”，即裁判打出的最高分和最低分会被去掉。
You may change these pages and make new pages.
His other role was that of Doctor Van Helsing in Dracula (1958), in this movie he must fight Dracula.
When the steel turns the color that the blacksmith wants, he puts the steel into a bucket of water to stop the change.
South Africa is an upper-middle-income economy.
Doğruluk, bilgiye ait bir özelliktir ve özneye bağımlıdır ama gerçeklik ancak nesnel dünyaya ait bir varlığın özelliği olabilir.
It is the main avenue of Waikiki.
西班牙人在卡哈马卡大广场杀死了数千名阿塔瓦尔帕的顾问、指挥官和手无寸铁的侍从，并迫使城外的武装部队逃跑。
It is in the northern part of the municipality, and had about 3,400 people in 2017.
In 1864 the number grew to 244. In 1865, by the end of the war another 30 had successfully carried their cargoes to Southern ports.
This results in a peculiar "rolling" motion.
In addition to floor arrival notifications, the computer announces the direction of travel, and notifies the passengers before the doors are to close.
Trains on the Hertford Loop Linego through Enfield.
Until then, the fairy requested that Hulda keep it safe for her while she was gone.
In Australasia and South America, the pattern is clear.
，都不只是進一步的微小化而已。
It is seen as a "national symbol of a failure to exercise a sense of concern for future generations".
表情嚴肅，經常會為了試探對方而做出提問。
Minority Whip and representative for LA's congressional district, serving since 2008.
Some have been cited by early punk musicians as influential.
"Crash Your Party"'nin müzik videosu 7 Aralık 2011 tarihinde yayınlanmıştır ve ilk ayında sekiz milyonun üstünde tıklanmıştır.
，包含諸如《機械迷城》、《Astebreed》、《Croixleur Sigma》、《巫劍神威控》等作品。
Later the JMA reexamines the data, and produces a final report on each storm, which can lead to the ACE for a storm being revised either upward or downward.
He was the number 1 racer to finish in the Road Trial race.
His name was a combination of the names of the two popes who came before him.
The first time that the city appeared in a map was in 1131 with the name Jordi de Sassaro, in 1135 the name was Tathari.
The county that has the fewest people living in it is Kalawao county, HI where only about 90 people live.
In fact, new factories were created.
It has a long active period its effects can last 18 to 26 hours, and it can be found in urine and blood tests.
A monument was built at the exact point in 1926.
同時在盟軍的空中支援和蘇聯紅軍的幫助下，
Saddle Creek Records is the owner of the Slowdown.
However he also said that Money Money 2020 is not Cigarettes and Valentines.
Card is an English professor at Southern Virginia University.
他二妹出生不久後被診斷唐氏症，當時美國特殊教育才正在發展，難以到公立小學申請就讀啟智班，因此讓他下定決定要投入遲緩兒早期治療 。
Recent innovations include permanent earth magnet motors, machine room-less rail mounted gearless machines, and microprocessor controls.
洪家渡水电站是乌江水电基地11个梯级电站中唯一对水量具有多年调节能力的“龙头”电站，总库容微超过多年平均径流量48.
By 1835, the port of Sunderland was so important that its name was used when the three old villages became the a borough.
At its peak, during the mid 1980s, about 35,000 people lived there.
David C. Douglas, William the Conqueror (Berkeley; Los Angeles, University of California Press, 1964), p. 203 The Byzantines had ships called hippagogoi designed to land horses which could go right into battle.
Stowe was not trying to make Tom an example for blacks but for white and black people.
It has one of the most magnificent domes in the world.
Asimov originally wanted to call the collection Mind and Iron.
Each state had its own ruler.
主峰为捷克境内的克利诺韦茨山（Klínovec），海拔1244米，
Ethology is a combination of laboratory and field science, with a strong relation to certain other disciplines—e.
Since it is very old, the University has many legends and traditions.
He finished in fifth place in the drivers' championship.
The International Glaciological Society (IGS) is an organization that conducts research in glaciology.
所以在《沉睡謀殺案》中，她讓瑪波小姐結束最後一案，便回到故鄉安享晚年。
She was one of the featured artists in Troubadour, TX, a television show documenting her rising career as a Texas country singer/songwriter.
He found another master to teach him painting, but soon left him as well.
The Constitutional Court of Ukraine ordered a second round of elections, which Yuschenko won.
The Tukeit Hill Frog spends some time low in the trees, 1–3 metres, and some of the time on the ground.
It depicts some 140 figures representing the gods and goddesses of Olympus.
其實這是電荷輻射在每單位立體角下的單位功率。
It was created on December 16, 1868.
Later in the 1550s French women were inspired by Spanish-style bodices and also wore ruffs(a frilly circle worn on the neck).
SS摩托化師與陸軍摩托化步兵師類似，都是兩個摩托化步兵團六個摩托化步兵營，不過自1942年開始就成立戰車營，之後成立戰車團，大約在1942年底紛紛改編為SS裝甲擲彈兵師，除了維持兩個摩托化擲彈兵團六個摩托化擲彈兵營之外（
A number of radioactive isotopes are used for this purpose, and depending on the rate of decay, are used for dating different geological periods.
擁有無（「瞬移」）、水、暗三種魔法適應性。
He was elected to the Major League Baseball All-Century Team in 1999.
Epilepsy is not one condition.
The first anniversary of the opening of the path was marked on radio and television.
However, a few andys seek to escape this fate and supplant the humans on Earth.
，整體風格偏向大眾口味，屬於節奏輕快的歌曲。
It was used until Final Fantasy X. This game had the "Conditional Turn-Based" (CTB) system.
Teen Wolf is about Scott McCall, who is bitten by a werewolf in the pilot.
於是母親把華嚴留在臺灣 citation 。
He realized that to establish a strong empire, he had to gain the confidence of his Hindu people who were the majority in India.
They're not similar.
This is often referred to as firing.
File:MD6 Plaza, NUS Yong Loo Lin School of Medicine, February 2020.
CEO Alexander Nix, CA'in 2014 yılında 44 ABD siyasi yarışına katıldığını söyledi.
He saves the entire world many times.
This Is What the Truth Feels Like has received favorable reviews from music critics.
The buttons are usually played with the "pinkie" finger.
The TV series recorded very high ratings and the movie version drew audiences totalling 3.5 billion people.
Fort William is a centre for hillwalking and climbing.
鎮派絕學血刀刀法，分為內功跟刀法兩部分，全都記錄在《血刀經》上，「血刀刀法」怪異至極，每招都是在決不可能的方位劈砍。
Bandura broke the children into eight groups of 6 and one group of 24. The groups were made by breaking half of the children into an aggressive group and half into one that was not.
达累斯萨拉姆报告1例死亡病例，全国累计3例死亡，5例康复 citation 。
It was called JAWA 700. To 1934 was produced some one thousand cars of this type, because sale was full of small cars, so JAWA produced more motorbikes than cars, in season before war were motorbikes more favourite.
Louisiana the Pelican State.
The number 0 and the letter O are both round, though of different widths.
Hamiltonian paths and cycles and cycle paths are named after William Rowan Hamilton who invented the Icosian game.
Despite this feat, Moore was dispatched to second place by Lassiter, with a final score of 150 to 95, sharing second place with Crane.
Let there be an observer K who describes when events occur with a time coordinate t, and who describes where events occur with spatial coordinates x, y, and z.
Before the war, it was the fifth-biggest city of the country.
He was a very talented painter who had his own style of painting.
It cost them $9,700. citation Some info about the windmill.
，实行军事管制 citation 。
Worgen are werewolves that used to be humans.
被其感染的樹木可能經過多年才會出現明顯症狀，造成人們對此疫病盛行狀況的低估，有研究顯示本種真菌在桉樹林中的傳播，可能與樹木被main後留下的殘幹（stump）有關。
People have many different views on whether he was a good or bad ruler.
He was also encouraged by some friends to upload videos.
The 717 can hold up to 117 passengers.
This shriek is able to make a person deaf.
It ended with the takeover of the Tsar's old Winter Palace on the morning of October 26, when the Provisional Government was arrested.
Kuzey-Fee Buzulu'nun kaynağı 3400 m den 3800 m ye kadar yükseklikte, Mischabel grubunun dik doğu kanadının altlarında bulunur.
H.E也為該電視劇的原聲帶《真命天女電視原聲帶》獻唱主題曲〈星光〉，除此之外，Ella也為此原聲帶獻唱個人獨唱曲兼戲劇插曲〈只是當時〉，然後和聲也由另外兩名團員Selina和Hebe參與和聲，這次也是與S.H.E第一張專輯《女生宿舍》中所收錄的個人獨唱曲相隔四年之後，再次演唱個人獨唱曲，而此原聲帶則已於2005年9月28日推出，隔年2006年Ella以此劇入圍《
北方邦於1833年稱孟加拉管區，不久分為亞格拉省及阿瓦德省兩省。
Bill invites Charlie to his house to spend and afternoon with him and his girlfriend.
Not all politicians were in favor of unification.
Since version 1.2 the protocol is simply called SOAP.
It is the second oldest university in Northern Europe.
' 2012 album Life Is Good.
A happy soul would then be reincarnated into another bear, so that people could eat bears in the future.
Hail up to 3-4" in diameter fell there along with strong winds.
Also, the children never call themselves "The Runaways".
The first mention of it appears in 1459.
It is also known as the spotted-tail quoll or the spotted quoll.
A mutation resulting in longer necks would be more likely to benefit an animal in an area with tall trees than an area with short trees, and thus enhance the chance of the animal surviving to pass on its longer-necked genes.
Some of which includes Newsfront, Kostas, My Brilliant Career, Lucinda Brayford, and Touch and Go.
Palika (2009): p. 12 Also, there are some differences between it and its English relative.
But arcade operators can change the team names to reflect real ones.
In the meantime the staff tripled.
有都諫子贩私鹾，捕之，反以石击杀指挥使，春逮治如法。
This arrow is poisoned, and the wound it created will slowly kill Kíli.
Released by Ubisoft, in a 1 DVD-ROM disc set.
It covers almost the whole ocean in late winter and the majority of the ocean in late summer.
Other important cities are: Cruzeiro do Sul, Tarauacá, Sena Madureira, and Brasiléia.
The chicken's feet are exposed, which facilitates the application of medication for foot mites, etc. Clapping hands or giving the chicken a gentle shove will awaken it.
Each president has a term of 5 years in office.
It has a melting point of convert.
Hem yurt içi hem yurt dışında müzik çalışmalarını sürdürdü, çeşitli festivallere katıldı ve jüri üyeliği yaptı.
The last was on July 7, 1959.
The examinations are jointly conducted by the University of Cambridge Local Examinations Syndicate (UCLES), Singapore's Ministry of Education (MOE) as well as the Singapore Examinations and Assessment Board (SEAB).
The crater has been alternately described as 300 citation and 350 meters in diameter, citation and is 80 meters deep.
Exile on Main St.
The details of how they met in a club are vague.
那年秋，定期演奏會在明治紀念館禮堂召開，也得以與佐藤千夜子相識。
Another difference from the pilot episodes and the rest of the show is that Edith can be rude to Archie at times and calls Archie,"Mr.
This algorithm requires keeping track of what was used when.
Under Germanicus, the Romans marched another army, with allied Germanic soldiers, into Germania in 16 AD.
Tomić produced a pistol of his own and fired back.
During a fight, Patience scratches Laurel's face several times.
But the Catholic Church did not let Roman Catholics attend services in Anglican churches.
He then moved to the Bracknell Bees and won the Superleague title with the team.
There was something magical about him.
It means different things when I'm in different moods.
No 1 WAGS was disbanded on 31 December 1945.
File:Arriva London DLA253 on Route 417, Crystal Palace (16159270502).
）上的原安亭省界收费站（往南京方向，
David Dalby, 1999/2000, The Linguasphere register of the world's languages and speech communities.
When writing about plays from James's reign, scholars and critics sometimes use the term Jacobean drama; plays from Charles I's reign are called Caroline drama.
There are a few problems with CRF schedules though.
The only reason Luke was not killed was because of his loyalness to Kronos.
During this time he composed very little.
The air coming from the combustor is moving slower than Mach 1, so as the nozzle gets smaller, the air speeds up.
İki taraf da savaşın bitmesini istemesine rağmen çatışmalar devam ediyordu.
It was closed on April 16, 2011, and relaunched as Oh Internet.
天封塔为宁波老城的标志性建筑物，
Despite rumors, it is unknown if the film will be made.
另外候車室內也增設了獨立男、女洗手間。
It gave the viewer to focus either on one player, or look at different camera angles.
Mayak was built between 1945 and 1948.
Rhea Ripley beat Toni Storm in the final to become the first champion.
The JMA classified a tropical low east of the Philippines as a tropical depression on June 10.
Then he studied at art schools in Berlin with Karl Schlabitz, and in Paris with sculptor Filippo Colarossi.
Hipólito Chaiña Contreras (February 3, 1954 February 22, 2021) was a Peruvian politician and physician.
The Paine brothers did not compete in the 25 meter pistol event, as the event judges determined that their weapons were not of the required caliber.
Early in the morning of 1 February, Suu Kyi and other leaders in her party were taken away in a raid.
Dr. Tamilisai Soundararajan (born 2 June 1961) is an Indian doctor and politician.
；字长从4位到64位甚至更高，当然最典型的仍然是8/16位。
，因為當時塞琉古王朝已經沒有能力重新控制以色列，便希望和這位新國王簽下和約。
İkili gerilimler bir şekilde Rus özürleriyle ve daha sonra Osmanlı'nın Romanya'yı ilhak etme taahhüdüyle hafifletildi; Hoşnutsuz bir Parlamento'ya hitaben konuşan Kogălniceanu, Rusya yolunun ülkenin tek seçeneği olduğunu savundu.
Ask.com used to be called "Ask Jeeves" but the name was changed in 2006.
His father was serving in the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers.
Local rumour had it that lights had been seen over the mineshaft and sheep-stealers had found an empty grave upon the moor.
It is the 4th episode of the Treehouse of Horror series.
礙於未能完全應用自己所學的知識，
Abbey Lincoln, American singer (b.
Their production used the traditional story in the first two scenes, but dropped the third scene's "Dance of the Hours" for a general celebration of ballet.
There was also another ship, Cristoforo Colombo, that looked exactly like Andrea Doria.
新公墓地区的主教堂和公墓的俄国部分则连接到圣三一教堂。
It opened in 1868.
基督堂為布培舉行追思會，香港測量業界和不少曾與布培共事的地政總署同僚均有出席，以示哀悼。
Proje bütün bir albüme dönüştü ve grup, Mother Love Bone şarkısı "Man of Golden Words" daki bir satıra referans olan Temple of the Dog adını aldı.
The principle of most games held in the casino is the result of the game, for its participant depends, first of all, on the element of chance.
They all laugh when the real story of the shoe is told.
Its size is about convert by convert by convert and weighs about convert.
She travels and talks to children all over the country.
The Arabs then began to use the name 'Arabian Gulf ' ", he added.
When a quotation is followed by other writing on a line of text, a space follows the closing quotation mark unless it is immediately followed by other punctuation within the sentence, such as a colon or closing punctuation.
Clarence J. "Bud" Brown Jr. (born June 18, 1927) is an American publisher and politician.
;kinetical accessibility: means the final shape can be got without going through any highly complex changes in the shape (like knots, for example).
He continued to draw birds as a hobby.
Michael Diamond Resnick (main; March 5, 1942 – January 9, 2020) was an American science fiction writer under the name Mike Resnick.
If one company had problems, the other companies could keep building the trucks.
方位在河套内中西部，扎萨克驻忽鸡图希里。
He was the founder President of the Society of Wildlife Artists and President of the Nature in Art Trust, citation (a role in which Philippa succeeded him).
The Complete Guide to the Soviet Union.
Sullivan built the first stone house in Ooty.
He followed it up with another 3rd place in Brazil and 2nd in Spain.
An example of this is a giant stride entry, also known as a stride dive.
He moved to England in the 1950s and loved English culture (Anglophile).
Annual deaths from HCV in the United States range from 8,000 to 10,000.
Some classifications split the colobine monkeys into two tribes, while others split them into three groups.
Britain and its allies finally accepted him to become the next king of Spain, but Philip V had to gave up his right to be king of France.
An ancient Muthalamman Temple festival is very famous in this village.
Ryu Gwansun was born on December 16, 1902, in a small farming village.
There were six pregnancies, and finally two living animals.
The federal government owns or controls about thirty percent of the land in the United States.
STAVKA General Radzievski'ye, Alman Merkez Ordular Grubu'nun kuşatılması hareketine katılmak üzere ordusunu kuzeye, Varşova yönüne çevirme emri verdi.
The author recently said that a movie might be made about the series.
At recess, Jess enters a running event, for which he had been training at home.
St Kew Highway railway station was a station on the North Cornwall Railway opened on 1 June 1895 and closed on 3 October 1966.
Serinin karakteri Bay Meraklı tek bir çizgiden oluşan bir çizgi karakterdir.
他每天早上5点工作到晚上9点。
与东亚的副热带季风气候区相比，有如下特征：
People think that it will make it very difficult to share new content on the internet.
' is the oldest mosque in the district.
Yet they live in fair repute, and never see themselves for what they are."
In the Sun (but not all stars) the change which takes place is the production of helium, with minute (very small) amounts of heavier elements.
In 1968, the Oscar Benton Blues Band released its first album, Feel so good.
在2012年2月1日，电朋克乐队肆无忌惮乐团的Jimmy Urine称将为游戏的BOSS段谱曲，此外他还为朋克摇滚风的BOSS进行了配音 citation 。
Every April, the people of Olympia celebrate the "Procession of the Species,".
The Jim Cronin Memorial Fund for Primate Welfare and Conservation was set up for the purpose of continuing Cronin's legacy and for the support of primate conservation and welfare all over the world.
They started to go into action mainly in Osaka.
She then finds out that Kelsey and Sarah Jane live on the same street and, therefore, tells her PR (Jamie Davis) to take Kelsey home.
In 1939, the company started a catalog, which is a book that shows all the products that people can buy from the store.
First the person needs to work out their taxable income.
中将：1916年12月1日 -
Harold Bedoya Pizarro (December 30, 1938 May 2, 2017) was a Colombian politician and military personnel.
Some things about three climates can be found in most of Kansas.
过河的小貓可后方退一两格，不得吃越子。
My panic disappeared, and from that time I had no more fear of storms.
創作涵蓋傳統書畫、行為、觀念、木刻版畫、總體藝術、油畫。
This makes liquid lithium metal.
总人口19963（2001年）。
，中國隊全場向香港隊攻門多達41次，最終香港隊力保不失以 0–0 逼和。
Bing includes the listing of search suggestions as queries are entered.
He has been the Tamil National Alliance party leader since 2001.
此間已密告駐使，希密與外部接洽。
Reventador is an active stratovolcano which lies in the eastern Andes of Ecuador.
As a cross-country skier, she won a 10 kilometers district championship title.
He finished second in the Open group.
Around 6000 milk pots and 700 Kavadis are carried by devotees from local and other states.
：玩家选择目的地系统就依靠星球名称。
其後福利黨便參與了設立後最近一次的市長選舉，並且成功在三個城市（
From 2001, the PE uniform has been changed into a new format that is grey and blue in colour.
：「象山之學簡易直截，孟子之後一人。
当时清兵不过十多万，如果励精图治，
She is the daughter of former football player Kai Erik Herlovsen.
In 1970, Tomberg emphasised: ‘’The Institude considers it neccessary to supply thr young artists of this discipline with maximum fantasy, to proceed from the assumption that nothing will limit the execution of their designs.’
Later on, she finds out that Dev is the one she had married as a child and tells him the truth.
达鲁斯曼, 毕塞尔科, 和 法官科尔比 委员向联合国人权委员会发表报告。
He was with the group Soul Searchers.
Within one week, the police got back all the prisoners.
This went from 1939 to his retirement in 1976.
，但是並非所有元老都曾經當過官，他們被稱為「無票決權元老」(senatores pedarii)，而且沒有發言權。
It is also seen when a person is drowsy.
，稱先前辱罵朱溫的檄文，都是李巨川寫的，
，导致面包车司机死亡，面包车上2名来自上海政法学院的女大学生受伤 citation 。
Toxic shock syndrome can be caused by many things.
It can be made from different fruits.
He suggested that Velocisaurus was itself an omnivore, because the sole claw found, of the fourth toe, was not curved, but relatively straight.
It has been certified two times platinum in Canada.
The current Vice President is James Wani Igga.
Cumhuriyet döneminde Kadıköy'ün çehresi hızla değişmesine rağmen Ayrılıkçeşme Sokağı tarihî dokusunu koruyarak günümüze değin ulaştı.
Its population is about 193,000 (2006 estimation).
The Banco de Costa Rica was established in 1890 and issued notes from 1890 to 1914.
He is marred to Elaine.
He helped the club to win the 1994 Emperor's Cup, and the 1995 Asian Cup Winners' Cup.
'un Piguet için yaptığı tasarımlardan biri olan"Cafe Anglais" adlı kısa ve tam etekli gündüz elbisesi özellikle beğenildi.
These things usually happen quickly, sometimes very quickly.
Not at first, because they would put boning in the corset.
These estimates all place Wd1 near the outer edge of the Milky Way's galactic bar.
'dan alınan Jonathan Cafu için ödenen €2.200.000 en yüksek transfer ödemesi olarak kayıtlara geçmiştir.
The R136 star cluster dissected with Hubble Space Telescope/STIS.
After the forms are removed from the foundation, workers add a 1-inch (2.54 cm) layer of sandy concrete.
Walkers can visit many places on the path.
復次、若能遍觀，遍斷結者，名為靜慮。
，后先后改名为第二海军学校、第五海军学校 亦有资料称1952年7月成立的海军政治干部学校设于此处，该校1958年并入海军高专 。1957年9月27日，解放军海军在第五海军学校与第三海军学校 驻莱阳路8号 的基础上成立海军高级专科学校，设于伊尔蒂斯兵营旧址，1960年改名海军高级学校，1963年改为海军政治学校，1969年2月撤销。
It also explains Tina's extensive history of heart irregularity and the medication she was taking, on the morning of her death, including anti-sea-sickness pills.
由於生產許多商品，如糖果，麵包和肉類產品，非夏爾在費里州的經濟發展中也扮演著重要的經濟角色。
The price for an Angara 1.1 flight is expected to be about 20 million dollars.
Only if both alleles are recessive does the recessive allele show in the phenotype b.
A0 is the biggest at 1 square metre.
Garhi Yasin is on the right bank of River Indus.
At the conference Mussolini put forward a plan (really written by the German Foreign Office) that the Sudetenland was to become part of Germany immediately.
In summer, the population rises suddenly.
They think in extremes, seeing things or people as "all good" or "all bad".
Those lilac flowers that are coloured red-violet are said to be coloured Persian lilac.
Bu etki, görünür süreleri 500 ms'ye kadar uzatabilir ve görsel sistemin algılamadan önceki olayları modellediği fikriyle tutarlıdır.
His later works were sculptures.
In 2020, the series is called the Gander RV and Outdoors Truck Series.
She was a popular actress in 60s.
All PIE sounds and words are reconstructed from later Indo-European languages.
It had exposed side towers, with domes at the corners.
自制薯条一般是将薯条放入190-200°C的热油中炸至金黄而成，大多数餐馆的薯条则是先用175°C左右的油炸，在薯条还未变黄前取出放凉，再用190-200°C的热油炸约一分钟即成。
Lobachevsky published in 1830, while Bolyai independently discovered it and published in 1832.
The railway is slightly different from all other Hong Kong railways because the trains run on the right, not the left; this is so that passengers can easily interchange from the Ma On Shan line to the East Rail Line towards Hong Hum.
蒂尔登因身体状况欠佳而谢绝了提名，他的支持者们于是转向支持其他多位人选 : 146-147 。
Diagram illustrating Themisto's orbit (top left) among those of the other non-spherical moons of Jupiter.
Tucuman’da dünyaya geldi.
He was Russia’s most famous writer and Tchaikovsky made several of his stories into operas.
Randolph moved up on Bruce's left side.
Eurovision Şarkı Yarışması'na katılamayan ülkeler vardır.
，而像一些犬科和猫科动物虽然本身是肉食性的，但也是机会主义取食者，对于遇到的各种食物并不挑剔。
The third and final movement is the famous "Alla Turca" (Turkish Rondo) in 2/4 time.
，有35個院系和60個研究中心，
He then retired from politics but worked in radio and supported things like drug law changes.
She is best known for starring in many sexploitation moviess by Armando Bó.
，其任务是堵塞A和B集团军群之间的缺口。
Anıtın bulunduğu konum "The Great Famine Memorial" olarak adlandırılır ve Saint-Joseph Üniversitesi'nin önünde yer alır.
WALL-E is able to prevent AUTO from closing the machine, despite getting crushed afterwards, and McCrea recovers and disables Auto.
These disorders cause problems with thinking and memory.
根据历史学家珍妮特·布朗的说法，达尔文授权了大量自己的肖像供人使用，这些肖像被广泛制作为橱柜像和main，这有助于在大众中强化达尔文与进化论二者之间的联系，原因在于其他为进化论发展做出贡献的人被排除在肖像之外，特别是这些肖像又被讽刺画重新解读 Janet Browne,'Looking at Darwin: Portraits and the Making of an Icon’ Isis 100 (2009): 542–570 。
Sometimes they are also called crocodile clips.
He founded the Nationalist People's Coalition in 1992.
Without warning, they were engaged by a pair of Coalition Forces ground attack aircraft.
如果希望将Br加在烃链第一个碳原子上，可以使用Karasch的方式：
It is more comfortable than the CJ, and less ground clearance for the road.
With Austria U19 he played the UEFA U19 European Championship 2015.
In 2006, the plans for Emmanuel College and the future school initiated.
Diller married Sherwood Anderson Diller from 1939 to 1965.
The town was named Twickenham after Alexander Pope's home town at the request of Leroy Pope. citation However, the town was renamed to "Huntsville" on November 25, 1811.
Abe's warships sank or severely damaged all but one cruiser and one destroyer in Callaghan's force and both Callaghan and Scott were killed.
”，而麦克唐纳则认为《main》是“
Malatya il merkezine km, Malatya Doğanyol ilçesine km mesafededir.
She played 54 games and scored 12 goals for Japan until 2004.
Some people have attempted make the definition of statehood broader, although they have less support.
This lets more ultraviolet rays reach the Earth.
Which means, by doing work (changing volume), one can change the internal energy (and so the temperature) in a adiabatic process.
An inverse matrix is a matrix that, when multiplied by another matrix, equals the identity matrix.
This led to ambulance services being nicknamed the "Big White Taxi Service". citation Nowadays, ambulance staff do far more treatment with the patient.
翌日李青被學校勒令退學，被逐出家門，在新公園的「王國」裡沉浮人生。
He was reassigned to the eastern United States.
This means that it is up to any state that already exists to treat any other group as a state.
It is played on a level surface which can be covered with gravel of varying sizes.
's Concierto de Aranjuez, one of the most famous compositions for the classical guitar, is in B minor.
它的总协调员是Adolfo Barrena Salces。
齐、燕、赵、魏等国的爵位分卿、大夫两等，卿分上卿、亚卿，大夫分为长大夫〈上大夫〉、中大夫、下大夫。
Lamborghini will only build 63 Sián FKP 37s.
It is 498 meters above sea level and covers an area of 41.55 km².
The retina does not feel pain, so damage may not be felt for hours.
Horus nearly won, even reaching Holy Terra in his conquests, but the Emperor and his forces was stronger.
A springboard clothesline is a type of clothesline where a wrestler jumps onto a rope, springboards off of it and clotheslines their opponent.
Creating a good place for them, Joey and Jesse change the loft of the house into an apartment.
A catwalk on a ship is a passageway above decks.
The second use of a semicolon is to separate items in a series when the items contain parenthetical elements within themselves.
The female picks up the packet and deposits the now-fertilized eggs on vegetation.
After explaining that the radiation was due to a medical procedure from the previous day, the ex-governor was released after a short detention.
Kinetik enerjinin etkisi, giriş noktasından uzağa doğru yayılan bir sıkıştırma şok dalgası meydana getirir.
Wonderful!" was released in 1957.
There are art galleries for example the Galery Alfons Blomme.
Backpacks are also be used in the military by soldiers.
Sometimes, poor people sold their daughters to a geisha house, though this was not as common as some people think, with many geisha coming from families where their mother or another female relative had once been a geisha.
Other experts said that because most of the protesters were young, healthy adults, perhaps they did catch COVID-19 and had not noticed.
However the Israelis could not push them back.
He attempted a Marathi version of Fiddler on the Roof.
The public wanted to hear the songs, good or bad.
They were called the "Triple Entente" and the "Triple Alliance."
It is called "Arab Spring" for now, and I guess it will soon turn to be the winter for the Middle East."
In book five, Percy discovers the truth behind the Great Prophecy.
Malacologia: International Journal of Malacology.
He encouraged singers to sing with a score in front of them (music which shows all the singing parts) instead of just the part that they sing, so that they could see how their part fitted in with the others.
In that time they had three exhibitions together.
A subdistrict level may exists in some cities.
Other patterns don't look like any insect, but attract fish anyway.
，并接触到北方的相声艺术，因被相声艺术深深吸引便立志把北方的相声南粤化。
Boyu en fazla 5 metre, ortalama boyu 3 metre, yazın yapraklı ve kış aylarında yaprak döken bir ağaçtır.
，於1827年興工，築造磚石造城牆與四座城樓，1829年完工。
This then gives producers a chance at a new "bad girl" who arrives to the house a day or two to replace the "bad girl" who was removed.
This record was broke by Stuart Binny against Bangladesh.
The purpose of the event is to move humanity toward "ending all war," in favor of "permanent peace."
The family includes her daughter Encarna, her son Hilario, and her grandchildren Juanita and Manolín.
Some metals are purified using their iodides.
，安提瓜和巴布达女王 （1981–）
She tested her drugs on little children with the disease.
It was found that animals died in it.
This is called 'independent assortment'.
前三位车手都是在非世界锦标赛大奖赛的场合驾驶一级方程式赛车时丧生， 比安奇则是在2014年日本大奖赛的事故中伤重不治身亡。
The name Gertrude was used for an Atlantic storm in 1974.
He was inaugurated on 10 August 1992.
The treatment is fitted depending on what a person with autism needs.
The standard rectifier diode has specific requirements.
Monteverdi started to reorganize the music there: he bought new music for the library and got some new musicians.
芝瑞應召，行至湖南，中道而福京亡，依劉承胤武岡。
He changed China's political system.
The International Money Fund demanded cuts to spending.
The weakening trend also accelerated on July 20 due to the drop in sea temperature to 23 degrees Celsius near landfall.
GIT-R-DONE that he uses the accent both on and off stage.
青山魚類批發市場佔地約5,000平方米，單層結構，
It has 19 million liters (5 million gallons) of water and 22,000 fish.
It featured a brighter screen and longer video playback.
Mandela died here.
This second part was important.
Samford Hall, on the Auburn University campus.
Several communities try to revive the language, though.
A new building for the Parliament was finished in 1988 to celebrate 200 years of European settlement in Australia.
李蔚在宰相任内的作为几无记载，
Construction began in March 1970.
Eventually, the letter "b" in the name Erebuni changed in the 5th or 4th century BC, becoming "v".
），美国陆军的规模也随着联邦政府的权力扩张而变得越来越大。
File:US $10 Series 2004 reverse.
In 1970, Guarini unsuccessfully challenged incumbent U.S. Senator Harrison A. Williams in the Democratic Primary, losing 66%-34%.
There have been proposals to mine in the area.
Five years is an extended warranty.
She comes from her family with a lot of money.
山腳下有1825年設立的西門（
This makes it easier to find the instruments than if they had been drawn all the way down the page.
乳品在他們的飲食中有重要地位，獸肉則留待特殊場合之用。
This was because he "used to call everybody Geezer" at school.
从1988年7月1日实施《中国人民解放军军官军衔条例》起、至2020年12月31日军改结束，文职干部前后总共存在了32.5年。
People who saw the bus go by expected a "happening" of some kind, but none had been planned.
Each city is around 150 kilometers from the other two.
同樣的，main也可能是激素不平衡、精神疾病（
Image:NASA EM-1 Mission craft welding sequence.
;固有堆積時間操作（Personal History）
其後因為地道成人雜誌熱賣，令香港成人雜誌如雨後春筍般百花齊放，《
Ramanujan–Slater type identities related to the moduli 18 and 24. Journal of Mathematical Analysis and Applications, 344(2), 765-777.
Congresswomen also known as "
Maggots were found on the gauze but not inside the jar.
Most had to do with family.
The Talmud has two parts, the Mishnah and the Gemara.
The Black Death had a very big effect on Europe's population.
They married, although they divorced in 1902.
She was married to Peter Caruana Galizia from 1985 until her death in 2017.
William and Mary were offered the separate Scottish Crown.
，在朝鮮、越南除了漢詩外，還發展出以本民族語言文字寫成的詠史詩。
Auntie Mame is a 1958 American comedy drama movie directed by Morton DaCosta and based on the 1955 novel of the same name by Patrick Dennis.
因為1948年的「派拉蒙判決」的影響，華納公司的營運持續下滑，於是在1956年將大部分50年代以前的電影與卡通拷貝賣給賣給Associated Artists Productions。
現在他仍然是水牛城勇士隊/快艇隊的平均每場出賽時間（40.1分）、平均每場進球數（11.1個）以及平均每場投籃數（22.1個）的隊史紀錄保持人 。
Virtually everything was new in the operating system: fonts, the Dock, even the menu bar (with an Apple logo at the centre, which was later repositioned).
他致电费伯，但吓破胆的费伯立刻挂机。
It won an Academy Award and was nominated for 3 others in 2007.
If a section of white matter is damaged, the brain may be able to find a different route to replace the lost connection.
時魏中山王元略還北，高祖餞於武德殿，賦詩三十韻，限三刻成。
They were created on 30 June 2004.
This organization tries to solve crimes.
Sonraki çağlarda Habeş imparatorları ile Adal hükümdarları arasındaki münasebetler bazen dostça, bazen düşmanca devam etti.
He was a presidential elector for Nebraska in 2000.
Magic: The Gathering is a trading card game.
Forty-four proposals to change the Constitution have been voted on at referendums.
Some motorboats are made with inboard engines; others have an outboard motor installed on the outside, containing the internal combustion engine, the gearbox and the propeller in one portable unit.
JB - "Running Up That Hill (Alesso Remix)"
Wikiversity Beta is used to make new Wikiversities.
弟弟有横道高光（源助）和横道高宗（權允），加上秀綱被許多軍記物等合稱為「横道兄弟」。
In the 21st century Bean Pole became a nationally famous brand in South Korea.
Henet is in scenes of farm animals.
The phrase combines the words Yamato, which is an ancient name for Japan, and nadeshiko, which is a wild pink carnation (
Its leadership and operations were governed by the officer corp.
There were now enough warriors to conquer more land, tripling the Sumerian empire in area.
This means that it would rather react with sulfur and elements below it on the periodic table than oxygen.
Rapa has a population of 521 inhabitants (
Love is a 1927 American romantic drama movie.
Cliff Palace, a cliff dwelling built by the Ancestral Puebloans.
Kanun Mart 1951'de yürürlükten kalkmışsa da, ülkeden ayrılmakta olan Yahudilerin (halihazırda ülkeyi terk edenler de dahil) mal varlıkları Irak hükûmeti tarafından dondurulup ardından da bunlara el konulduktan sonra yeniden uzatılmıştır.
If someone bothers you, ask him to stop.
During the whole audition, Lindsey has matches stuck in her pigtails, she pulls these out of her pigtails immediately after taking the shot and strikes them on the stock on her bass.
The tehsil is administratively subdivided into 65 Union Councils of Pakistan.
The game ends if the player runs out of matches.
這表明，催產素可能抑制與行為控制，恐懼，
The locative case belongs to the general local cases together with the lative and separative case.
After the war, he continued his studies and graduated from Yerevan University in 1949.
It became painfully difficult for him to compose.
The clothing label, Patagonia, used Monte Fitz Roy as the idea for their logo, after Yvon Chouinard climbed the mountain in 1968 and made a movie about it.
居住在森林中并且崇拜他们周围的树的坡奇尼奥族，也称猪族，具有很高的智能，容易掌握其他语言，但是对他们的研究以及与他们的文化交流被严格限制以避免干扰他们的自然发展。
On December 9, 2011, Roy said that he would retire from basketball because of knee problems.
They also went to a competition in Finland.
Later in her life, Weglyn heard the attorney general, Ramsey Clark, deny that America ever had concentration camps.
However, as well as including the Sunderland it also includes a number of surrounding towns and villages, such as Washington, Houghton-le-Spring and Hetton-le-Hole.
In July 2019, Gaga revealed her beauty collection, called Haus Laboratories.
His first painting was about the problem of petrol sniffing.
His family is an owner of a Chinese Restaurant.
She was famous for her work with the now-defunct post-punk band Nau.
Barry D. Yatt, Cracking the Codes: An Architect's Guide to Building Regulations (New York: J. Wiley, 1998), p. 142 There is no limit to the number of penthouses a building can have.
They also combine to be colorless.
，已經尋獲4車4具遺體，尚有11人失蹤下落不明 citation 。
Bowing to the building pressure, the government extended free school meals for children during summer holidays.
Ovechkin was picked first overall in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
This means that transporting these stones would have been a herculean task.
The maximum hair length that is possible to reach is about 15 cm for infants (below the age of 1), about 60 cm for children (below the age of 13), and generally 100 cm for adults.
It was Alger's bestselling book.
This page lists some of the changes.
İnsanlar kötülük yapmak için olaylardan yararlanabilirler, fakat kötülük sona erdiğinde kötülüğü saldırılır.
The more lines a player clears at once, the higher their score will be.
此类反应早在18世纪已有报道。
He was sacked the following season after leaving the club in the relegation zone.
It is from her debut studio album, Animal.
Sometimes these problems are not noticed, so not everyone with bruxism knows they have it.
Özelleştirilmiş sözlükler, uzmanlaşmış sözcüklerin (tıbbi ve teknik terimler gibi) tanınması ile yardımcı olur ve metin tahmini, not alma işlemini daha hızlı hale getirmek için giriş sürecini hızlandırır.
In his spare time Murray is an avid golfer as seen at Rock in Rio DVD.
Blood transfusions can save the life of a person, if that person has lost a lot of blood.
Her mother promised to tell on the soldier who was making her feel unsafe, but Vanessa wanted to protect her from being hurt.
She is the elder daughter of Romulus Linney (1930-2011).
Literacy rate: Namli Maira village has one of the highest literacy rates for the district.
The night before the Roman forces left, he suggested Varus arrest Arminius and several other Germanic leaders.
He was considered to be one of the best strikers of his generation.
Brabets, T.P., Hydrologic Data and a Proposed Water-Quality Monitoring Network for the Kobuk River Basin, Gates of the Arctic National Park and Preserve, and Kobuk Valley National Park, Alaska.
It serves as the capital of Lagos State. citation Ikeja is known for being a well-planned commercial settlement with shopping malls, pharmacies and government reservation areas.
目前国内形势有些紧张，看大家谅解！
This skin would begin to die, flake, peal and itch.
Amersfoort (2005), p. 300 The line was in this area defended by the Dutch 2nd Infantry Division.
He was the author of poetry, translations, fiction, theatre, art criticism, and movie narration.
İskender Bey Berat Kalesini aylarca kuşatmış ve Osmanlı garnizon komutanıyla teslim şartları üzerinde anlaşmıştır.
"They are looking to get back to the NFL.
The University also has buildings in Claremont, purchased in 2005 from Edith Cowan University.
's book, Aegyptiaca is different to the archeological evidence and other historical records.
The magazine focused on material of interest to American gentlemen of the period such as sports, fiction, theater, art, and the western frontier.
他和龙日育有4个子女，到1993年时均已结婚并参加工作。
The couple's daughter was born in 2013.
Neill'e göre eğitimin amacı çocukları hayata hazırlamaktı.
吴宪曾上书叶永盛在两浙设立商籍。
Many non-Moroccans are now restoring traditional houses (riads and dars) as second homes in the Fez medina.
After more than 30 years of the one-child policy, China started to face population aging problem.
市府推動衛生所護士全面改任護理師，體認第一線護理人員之辛勞值得嘉許，請衛生局進一步將本政策推動至私立醫院。
Resimdeki çocuklar tipik 16. yüzyıl kıyafetleri içinde, hepsi benzer yuvarlak kafaları ve düğme gibi gözleriyle, birbirinden farkları olmayacak şekilde betimlenmiştir.
張曉明稱，這項決定代表著「反中亂港者出局已成為法律規範」，他還表示港人該認識到“
Geçen yıllar, bu sarnıçların diplerini verimli bir toprak tabakası ile doldurmuştu.
，在世界范围内的总票房达到了8亿5000万美元，是星战系列中总收入第二高的影片 。
This status right was included with the right to a nationality and the right to be recognized before the law.
Seward, his Secretary of State, had already issued instructions to the new minister to Britain to quit and come home should the Queen recognize the Confederacy.
The jump-off point in Talisay is suitable for day trips and overnighters.
In 1990, China accounted for only 27% of such minerals.
The nobility were not as rich as they had been before, and many composers started to make a living as a freelance composer.
，在拉普兰选区被选中作为芬兰国会议员，并在2015年再次当选。
Nikulitsa'nın Bizanslılar tarafından ele geçirilmesi.
After coaching the Indiana Fever and the Charlotte Sting earlier in her career, Donovan joined the New York Liberty as an assistant coach in the spring of 2009.
對於此一議題，除了泛綠陣營立法委員要求政府追討外，
He played 11 games for Japan until 2008.
In 2012 a new General Assembly of the Orthodox Presbyterian Church of Korea declared authentic historical succession of John Knox.
乐史《太平寰宇记·寰宇一百一十四·长沙县》：双女墓，即汉长沙王葬程唐二姬之冢。
She used lighter shades of colour with curvier lines, while other artists at the centre were experimenting with bright colours and block shapes.
A spore germinates if and when conditions are right.
Kesilme esnasında tezekler, kenarları üzerine birbirlerine destek olacak şekilde, güneşte kurumaya terk edilir.
Bells can be earned by fishing, catching insects, selling things and other ways.
's youth set up in 2002.
PRA Group is a company based in Virginia which collects nonperforming loans.
本品種載錄於《廣東省中藥材標準》，定為中藥五指毛桃的法定原植物來源種。
However, he could also just as easily be sent to the gas chambers if he did something the SS did not like.
Nevertheless, the colony is situated right beside Kowdiar Main Road next to the Kowdiar Palace.
After moving into a new town, Hamtaro finds that he's in the company of lots of different hamsters, making up a group of hamster friends that go on crazy adventures through the city.
Both Viking spacecraft were launched in 1975 and both reached Mars in 1976.
In 2008 they released Women As Lovers.
Today, Jaeg is still the director.
MaNgadi decides to kill lure Nyambose to kill his daughter Kayise, but he insist.
It seemed to capture, for the first time, the true voice of modern American culture.
Namshub (parlayan) olarak koruyucu bir tanrı ("yolumuzu aydınlatan parlayan tanrı") olarak kabul edilir.
The area where the fort is was once home to Aborigines that lived in the area for thousands of years and long before Europeans visited and decided to stay.
Adult birds are between 70 and 90 cm in length, and have wingspans of 1.20 metres to 1.50 metres.
The Mariner drops the flare into the oil hold.
Muhammad descended from Abd Munaf via his son Hashim, the Umayyads descended from Abd Munaf via a different son, Abd-Shams.
If a man's penis skin changes color and he doesn't know why, he should go to a doctor.
The pilots on board TWA Flight 800 were Captain Ralph G. Kevorkian, Co-pilot Steven E. Snyder and Flight Engineer Richard G. Campbell.
Şahsen gördüğü tek savaş buydu.
It is in southeast Pennsylvania.
In terms of money, this movie did not earn much in the United States but it was successful in Europe.
Centennial is in the Northwest Region in the Centennial Hills Community.
The M25 was completed in 1986: is one of the world's longest orbital roads.
The variance is not simply the average difference from the expected value.
對事物都看得很長遠，但精神和心理方面卻隱藏著強烈的競爭心和激情。
》（1948年）中25条第2则如是陈述：母亲和儿童有权享受特别照顾和帮助。
Joseph Louis Cook offered his services to the United States and received a Congressional commission as a Lieutenant Colonel- the highest rank held by any Native American during the war.
Yōmei's son, Prince Umayado, is also known as Prince Shōtoku.
After the blood is pumped and the nutrients have been absorbed, it flows back to the heart to take the carbon dioxide away and to get new oxygen.
At this point Hill regarded this as questioning his honor.
This is why C is called a "portable" language.
The most successful movies are "Strong World" and "One Piece Film Z".
随着温度的降低，电子迁移率会降低，因为氦原子在低温下会减慢移动速度，并且不常与电子进行相互作用。
This category contains administration templates.
Park'ın en çok tutulmuş eseri "
晏嬰說：「嬰聽說過，古代那些被稱為賢明的君主，雖然天天能吃飽卻能體會沒食物的人的饑餓，雖然穿著暖和卻能體會缺乏衣物的人的寒冷，雖然生活安逸穩定卻能體會努力工作的人的辛勞，為何君王您會不知道呢？
Oval-shaped sweets are made from glutinous rice and covered with azuki bean.
， 在戰鬥時多為輔助，真正的王牌仍是路西法身上強大的魔力。
Basketbola başladığı 1988 yılından, jübile yaptığı 2001 yılına kadar A millî takım formasını aralıksız 101 defa giyerek çok büyük bir başarıya imza atmıştır.
姚弼此時只得堅守營壘，傉檀主動進攻，但未能攻下。
Early in the game, after create a profile, the player will choose a duelist (main characters of the Yu-Gi-Oh!
See Lane (1989), 169在基金会中起了主要作用，同样的，他的侄子Jan Rolin可能也扮演了重要角色。
Mayorka'daki ilk sivil havaalanıdır.
The way June treats songs is different.
She demanded that Anne make Sarah go away.
Kinuta Productions, which produced the feature film "Haha Nareba Onna", directed by Fumio Kamei and starring Isuzu Yamada in 1952, was paid to Nikkei for the settlement of the 4th Toho Dispute.
Group A is the most serious form.
It first started on the Fox network in the United States on December 26, 1991.
As a part of the march, Rajagopalachari created awareness among the people by highlighting the importance of khadi or cotton as well as social issues like caste discrimination.
In Rio de Janeiro, the City Social Assistance Secretary estimates that there are 223 child prostitutes, both boys and girls.
"—was composed in 1848 by Friedrich Pacius.
News reports state that he was resting in the badminton arena around 6 in the evening during when he abruptly grieved of chest pain and collapsed in the court.
A cantilever is performed by a skater traveling on a deep lean across the ice, either in a spread eagle or a Besti squat position.
Livingstone, however, alleged that the decision was made by Robert Tuttle, who took up the post of Ambassador in July 2005.
This is the only known image of De Sade.
All the episodes in Series 12-13 were originally 20 minutes in length, but in 2004 the BBC cut them down to 15 minutes in length to suit their schedule.
It was originally part of the palace of the Bishops of Ely.
It is believed that this painting is a collaboration; that two artists worked on it together.
It was only used by common people until 1945.
Zenón with his nephew Octavio, internacional goalkeeper, at the railway's workshop.
Aboriginal myths across Australia are a kind of unwritten (oral) library.
Holm was born in California in 1968.
The Goblin shark is a bottom-dwelling shark, being found in waters as deep as 4265 feet (1,300 meters).
思培考试为考生在同一场地进行机考，因为阅读速度以及答题速度的不同，可能会出现每位考生进度不一的情况。
The White Dot Trail, convert is the shortest but steepest way to the top.
與泰迪爾搭檔的冒險者，是名祭司，對泰迪爾有好感。
This is very bad.
At the end of the novel Matilda is five years old.
Stalin escaped but went into hiding so the police could not find him.
或缜润为硅瓒、廉刿如剑戟、矗如峰峦、列如屏障，或滑如肪，或黝为漆，或如人如禽鸟。
The modern word, guitar, was adopted into English from the Spanish word guitarra, which came from the older Greek word kithara.
」 citation 约瑟夫·司马哈特为《怀疑论探究者》评论了这本书，并写道：「我喜欢这本书，因为它是对一个被严重忽视的话题进行思考的挑战。
It is unsure exactly where and how Hilton got his ideas about Tibet.
The first player to reach the Head of the Firm space at track's end is the winner.
The range has a length of convert.
She also miscarried a son in 1762.
'nin hem de bu hisar kalesinin varlığını kaydetmiştir.
With this new source of power, the outer layers of the star will get much, much bigger.
He was first called this in 1914 in South Africa.
It collapses, and though her body isn't found, it is assumed that she is dead.
The temperature at which this is achieved is around convert.
A hammer and sickle survives in a frame on the wall.
The Atelidae family have long tails that can grip things.
So Old So Quick was released in 2004.
The Nile Crocodile is carnivorous, or eats meat.
The changing magnetic flux caused by the mains current links with the windings of the pickup, inducing a voltage by transformer action.
The Austria reached 23 titels, 21 in the Austrianwide championship and two before the Second World War, when the championship was only played in Vienna although the title was "Austrian Champion".
This is important for Web-to-print applications.
Therefore these males definitely do help in the survival of their offspring.
At that time, Kingdom Wu had shipbuilding, foundry industry and porcelain manufacturing.
If a hound is used for hunting, check the pads on the feet, nails, ears, or for fleas.
In 1897, this first settlement was burned and destroyed by Bajau rebels led by Mat Salleh.
Many species are parasites or are specialised to live in one or a few hosts.
The Canadian television series, The Beachcombers, was set and shot in Gibsons.
A hooded prisoner at Abu Ghraib prison who was told he would be electrocuted if he fell off the box.
It was the seventeenth Survivor Series event held by the WWE.
此列表展示每条路线从西往东行经的所有车站。
From 1980 to 1985, he played for CD Leganés.
，給予編號32，並對其發布路徑預測。
This is when he got to know Harriet Smithson.
A letter in the grid can be used in more than one word, and not all the letters in the grid have to appear in a word.
He guest starred in the episode "The War of Art" as Klaus Ziegler.
She accused the magazine of trying to increase readership by dumbing down and oversimplifying its content.
In 658 he defeated the British at Penselwood.
Moving through an area of cool water temperatures, as well as unfavorable upper-level winds, the depression was not able to get winds greater than 35 mph (55 km/h), and as a result did not gain tropical storm status.
Space Science Reviews 155 (1-4): 387–410.
The actual Dalek creature inside the metal casing is very rarely seen.
Some were executed.
，也想給苟參封侯爵，但被成帝拒絕，因此讓他任侍中水衡都尉。
It is tan to gray in color with a bluish cast (more so in males and during breeding season).
The Tiffany Cross is suspended from the classic light blue Medal of Honor ribbon with 13 white stars.
Pedro Pitões exhorting the Crusades" in the Courthouse, in Oporto.
People inside the military and other institutions no longer supported him.
In January 2013, she married Kieran Hayler.
事件造成59人死亡，是啟德最嚴重的意外。
Londonderry also includes the village of South Londonderry.
GA bölgesel örgütlenmelerde ve EA'nın her bir yerel organizasyonunda temsil edilir ve GA genel sekreteri Bask Dayanışması ulusal yürütme kurulunun tam üyesidir.
These symptoms may not cause safety problems, or keep the soldier from working.
Then he was married to Denby Franklin from 1997 until they divorced in 2006.
This means that there are four parts in a butterfly's life.
：將連續訊號轉換為脈衝密度變化的調變方式。
Only in 2010 it was given the full status.
This was the sixth season to be shown on television since the programme was revived in 2005.
There have been over 100 cover versions of "Ooh Poo Pah Doo" recorded and performed live over the years by other popular musicians.
Henry VI was considered a poor ruler by some of his people for several reasons.
'da yapılan Java Kupası'na Galatasaray (futbol takımı) da çağrılmış fakat ulaşım sorunları nedeniyle bu turnuvaya katılamamıştır.
在Android 4.2以后的系统中，Renderscript不仅可以在CPU上运行，还被扩展到GPU上 citation 。
因此，訂定八月八日為父親節；又稱為「八八節」(「爸爸節」) citation 。
」兩人一來一往對話，句句充滿遐想 citation 。
While speeding through the formation from the rear he singled out a MIG-15 and destroyed it with a concentrated burst of fire.
Two stakes races were run in his memory, the first one at Los Alamitos Racetrack for one year in 1961.
Since the Boeing 720 was so similar to the Boeing 707, it did not cost much to design.
From the 2005-2006, Sjöstads IF as a club returned.
When using assembly, programmers do not need to know the details of what numbers mean to the computer, the assembler figures that out instead.
在工程学院本科排名上，该校与加州理工学院并列第四。
'in yönetiminde kaldı.
She starred in Beautiful Kate, After the Dark, Adore, and Road Kill, and starred in the television series The Slap, Once Upon a Time in Wonderland, The Returned and The Beautiful Lie.
The church of St. Edward at Corfe Castle now stands on the site of this miracle.
However, White can counter this by opening the centre with 4. dxc5.
Aldehitler yapılarındaki karbonil grubu sebebiyle birçok reaksiyona kolaylıkla iştirak edebilirler.
In one version of the story, the man can't cross the Auraji river because the water is too high.
Shortly after opening, the stadium was renamed University of Phoenix Stadium.
於2018年出了加筆修正版，添加新的插畫 citation 。
All songs written and composed by Leathermouth.
Hubert Seiwert: Freedom and control in the unified Germany: governmental approaches to alternative religions Since 1989.
They are defined using the base units.
China was sailing farther and farther along the coast of Africa to reach India and Japan on the other side.
Insight may occur after a break in mental fixation, allowing the solution to appear transparent and obvious.
The next day, he had his funeral.
Shark fins are among the most expensive seafood products, commonly sold at US$400 per kg.
Bu olayın üzerine sınırötesi harekât başlatıldı.
She did not try to open the windows again.
's membership in the group.
The arrondissement of Valenciennes is one of the central arrondissement of the Nord department.
This assembly further elects a president, the president of the People's Provincial Assembly.
He was Foreign Secretary from January 2015 to January 2018.
Executions are based on what that person's interests are.
They were proud of their wise leaders.
After his death, the Japanese dropped the idea of conquering Korea and China.
Bu kavram, Einstein’ın dört boyutlu uzay zamanda kendine özgü bir yol çizen bir nesnenin bütün tarihini anlatan görelilik teorisindeki bir kavram olan hayat çizgisinden de farklıdır.
Verbal explanation of movements may come from the artists themselves, sometimes in the form of an art manifesto (published statement).
After three years, the altarpiece was finished.
The Diets of Nuremberg were an important part of the administrative structure of the empire.
Sandu is the country's first female president.
在重新裝填時用戶需手動以退殼桿把彈殼逐一退出（在發射後彈殼會因熾熱的火藥氣體導致其在膛室內膨脹起來，令射手無法在不以任何工具下進行退殼），並將新的子彈透過裝填口逐一載入彈巢的各個膛室裡。
Recording of the Scallop Article, from the SEWP.
Ziemann集团也位于路德维希堡，
Moths will fly around bright objects, and appear to be attracted to light.
Caprivi was German Chancellor from March 1890 to October 1894.
After India got Independence, Vyankatesh Madgulkar returned home.
Before that, he was titular bishop of Jegar between 1999 and 2014.
There were also more food donation drives in towns.
Northern Maine Regional Airport (Airport Code KPQI) is a public airport in the city of Presque Isle, Maine.
It is the second largest of the Turks Islands.
The extremely useful Intel 8008 microprocessor was then released, but it was still impractical because of high cost for each chip.
该市镇总面积4.41平方公里，2009年时的人口为17777人。
伯诺特同意了决斗的要求，对于这个决定即使是那些非常敬仰伯诺特的人都认为‘过于鲁莽’了，于是入侵者们潮水般涌过堤道，混战开始了，这个决定直接导致了伯诺特的溃败。
" because it had no trees or plants.
's former house can be found in the 300 block of A Street Northeast.
第四批 第四批白云区登记保护文物单位共77处，是我区太和镇在第三次全国文物普查中新发现的具有一定历史、艺术、科学价值的不可移动文物。
It is possible to work out the difference between a trout and any other fish, by looking for a second dorsal fin (or adipose fin).
The guard ends his speech with a blessing for the Trojans.
During warm weather, the cock is unlikely to set on the keets during the night (leaving that duty to the hen), but may help the hen keep them warm at night when temperatures drop below freezing.
He was an associate justice and chief justice of the Minnesota Supreme Court between 1989 to 1998.
方中附子、干姜温阳祛寒，人参、甘草益气补脾，大黄荡涤积滞。
If it is not handled carefully, these trips can be very bad.
Constable's idea was to use nature itself, rather than imagination.
The first Gewandhaus was built in 1781 by the architect Johann Carl Friedrich Dauthe.
奚斤作為元帥，恥於功不在己，於是讓軍隊帶三日糧食進攻仍由赫連定固守的平涼。
'ın da bulunduğu üç rektör yardımcısı atamıştır.
Goods like tea and silk had to be shipped to those trade cities, and were taxed on the way.
As such, it is frequently used instead of the colón's own sign in price markings and advertisements.
He summons a group of real ghosts who bury him alive.
However, he had a cult of personality around him and most of the power in the country was held by Bourguiba.
All songs written by John Lennon.
Not have I acted wickedly.
Conversely, not enough calcium ion is bad.
在大约五分钟的视频中，一名武装分子旁边的男子从一张纸上读取了演说。
Mrs Robinson is the twenty fourth, and first female, Chancellor of University of Dublin.
However, Bulstrode privately agreed with Tate's perspective, and had Scase transferred away from Blackwall.
He was Minister of State for Industries between 1980 and 1983.
We can create fear in them, to some degree.
Brain often asked composers to write new works for him to perform.
It was fought between the Axis Powers (
Ordinary differential equations with applications.
她磨練多年的本能－在荒地生存和無數的飛行作戰任務－導致她信任馬可仕，儘管越來越懷疑他身為神秘陌生人的動機。 citation 她對馬可仕劇情中顯然地產生愛意。
On January 20, 1828, she died while giving birth to her first child, a stillborn boy.
They separated in December 1868 and soon afterwards Monckton was captured by the police.
He appeared in over 50 movies during his career.
Lisans eğitimini Dicle Üniversitesi Hukuk Fakültesinde tamamladı.
It was painted in 1765(?).
It is a one-way system which carries cells and fluid back to the blood system.
All four of these groups fall underneath the family of Enterobacteriaceae.
他們希望這十部紀錄片不只是一個大型國際合製案，
Jagmin was the second vocalist of the metal band Odd Project, and was featured on their second album, Lovers, Fighters, Sinners, Saints.
Three of the bands mentioned above are multi-platinum acts (
But it also meant a loss of about 150 artillery cannons.
It is recorded for entertainment.
This means he looked at the parts of a language, as if they didn’t change.
“立即停止各种形式的暴力行动”并全面支持联合国监督团的工作 citation 。
Between 2005 and 2010, Danny Alexander was the Liberal Democrats Shadow Secretary for Work and Pensions.
The couple has one daughter.
"Israel Crane (1774-1858), a descendant of the founding family of Cranetown (now Montclair), and his wife Fanny Pierson (1773-1828), built the Israel Crane House in 1796 on 159 Glen Ridge Avenue."
He started working for the Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1955.
He continued to increase the range of goods, and to increase the number of shops.
One group were asked to identify their race; the other was not.
This is the idea that children are born good, but society can make them bad.
All of the leagues have Premier Divisions of 22 teams (Level 7).
答：以作用故，立三世別，即依此理，說有行義，謂：有為法未有作用，名未來；正有作用，名現在；作用已滅，名過去。
She wrote several books and works of poetry.
Their sound is very strong and nasal (like speaking through the nose).
The average amount of time people wait at a stop or station for public transit is 12 min, while 11% of riders wait for over 20 minutes on average every day.
It aired April 12 and May 7, 2011, on The History Channel.
With the backing of RCE, Farah launched her directorial career with the movie, Main Hoon Na (2004).
，一變成為不擇手段追逐金錢、享樂炫富的氛圍，
Basal tyrannosauroids from China and evidence for protofeathers in tyrannosauroids.
至今，全校女性學生比例已高於男性。
From 1885 to 1889 he was a professor at the University of Padua (Padova), studying the photoelectric effect.
波士顿的一位富有商人main，他同样也是哈佛校友，在1692年10月以手稿的形式散发了一封信，他对法院判罪的流程提出了批评，包括使用触摸测试和忏悔者的证词，他说，“他们很迷惑，被强加了恶灵的影响，因此不适宜提供证据，无论是对自己或是他人”。
Nevertheless, as the demand for shark fins continues to grow, there is concern that it could have a serious impact on this species in the future.
The pilot training center was constructed in it in 1942.
He is brave and compassionate, as he will not back down against any foe and give them all he has got, but his compassionate nature makes it so he always tries to "defends the weakerist", as he cannot stand seeing the weak and helpless get abused.
Manfred Schanzle, Studies in The Breed History of The Rottweiler.
提供书面纪录的神职人员不愿宣誓作证，哈钦森坚持要求。
George H. Sharpe to establish an intelligence unit.
但在離車站稍遠之處，除了北山通、白川通沿路之外則成了住宅區。
Çatışmayı başlatan sebep, 23 Haziran'daki saldırı yüzünden vali Ampatuan'ın MİKC'yi suçlamasıdır.
，幸无人员伤亡 citation 。
Her school friend was volleyball player Saori Kimura.
它是一個邪惡的化身，外貌醜陋，帶著恐怖的微笑，黃灰色的眼睛，耳朵被羊角取代，鼻孔噴著白煙，還有一條尖長腐爛的黃色舌頭。
So applying the ROT13 cipher a second time brings back the original text.
A day before his death he told a reporter in London that he had nothing left to live for.
此碑於大正八年（1919年）被發現前，台、澎地區最古老的石碑，一向是公認立於（
This means that Japanese have to find other ways to pronounce and write the word.
The gmina covers an area of convert, and as of 2006 its total population is 9,990.
Battle royal maçı kazanan ikicni tura kalmaktadır.
Vajira was appointed princess of the Kingdom of Kosala, ancient indian kingdom.
Bu örnekte kırma işinin kim tarafından yaptığı belli değildir.
This has since been demolished and replaced by University Hospital Coventry.
's death on December 2, 2011, just twelve days after her 115th birthday.
His first album was Pathways.
“mankondo”（复数形式为“dinkondo”）。
Mois's doppelganger and future daughter is Asami.
King Zoser's adviser Inhotep designed the pyramid, hoping to easily reach Ra.
All of it is land. citation Kanorado is located in Sherman County.
At the same time, there was another entertainment magazine Hui Kai Guide (去街 Guide).
The designers tested roughly 30 different prototypes with different shapes, colors and weights (based on real-life go-karts), before deciding on the final Wii Wheel design.
After province, prefecture, and county-leveldivisions, township-level divisions constitute the formal fourth-level administrative divisions of the PRC.
After a year, he struggled with knee problems and had to have surgery.
Die! live performance.
Shahi gestured towards himself and answered, "Does Imam Mehdi not know the law of Pakistan?
He or she is chosen by the Prime Minister and appointed by the monarch.
Blow's piece was written and staged about the same time.
Judith was to inherit £100, a cottage, and if she or her children were alive after three years a further £150 of which she should receive the interest, giving her and any children she might have an independent income.
This movie became one of Bara's biggest hits.
白色结晶性粉末，有蛋白胨样肉臭味。
The Soviet Union bought most of Cuba’s sugar for expensive prices.
There are also a wide range of flavors grapefruits have, from highly acidic and bitter to sweet.
Note that any number is always evenly divisible by 1 and itself.
A modern civic water supply system was introduced in 1874 and electricity supply launched in 1878. citation The Dhaka Cantonment was established near the city, serving as a base for British and Indian soldiers.
Son kullanıcıların, aynı zamanda kendi özel bir koleksiyon oluşturmak için yeteneği vardır.
，生长于海拔30米至4,000米的地区，多生于田间、溪岸以及潮湿地，目前尚未由人工引种栽培。
In England, where this word comes from, it is used to mean a house that has one main storey, with a second, lower storey of bedrooms which fit under the roof upstairs.
It represents a "yes or no" type experiment.
Bakuganı Pyrus Dragonoid ile birlikte en büyük Pyrus savaşçısı olarak bilinmektedir.
He played many matches from 1978.
As a result, a person two miles away might trip and fall in the dark.
He worked as a lobbyist for the organization STOP AIDS NOW!
In addition, Finnix uses SquashFS to keep distribution size low.
The rule of threefold return is a belief that what you do for good or bad will return to you 3 times the original intent.
He was the Speaker of the Maryland House of Delegates from January 8, 2003 until his death on April 7, 2019.
But there are episode after this that have Archie's brother Fred in them.
During the early 1990s, certain black metal musicians burned old churches in Norway.
As of 2013, it is possible that a planet outside the orbit of Neptune exists.
In 1996, Tina's older sibling was born.
：神的灵，也就是基督的灵，今天在地上运行，叫罪人知罪，重生神所拣选的人，
Woman: Smoking isn't allowed in this compartment, it clearly says "For non-smokers" outside!
The location of the golden cities appear to have been in the mountains (Cibola) of the Inca.
Reagan was the only president to have postponed his State of the Union Address.
She graduated there in 2008.
It was released on November 7, 1981.
Some WiRs are paid by the organization where they work.
The behavior is modified by that environment.
He earned a government scholarship to travel abroad and studied Economics at Bristol University in the United Kingdom.
Scholars) as one of the best U.S. governors in the 20th Century.
Therefore the number of proteins produced is far above the number of coding genes.
The Countach LP5000 QV had either a fuel injected engine, or an engine with a carburetor.
Phillip Bradley Bird (born September 24, 1957) is an American animator, director, screenwriter, producer, and voice actor.
，並且結合自身的聲音特點及擅長的音樂類型確立個人演唱風格。
In The Lightning Thief, he slashes through the air and disappears through the ripple he created.
反對黨的議員則佔領了主席台，不讓議長上台，盡全力抵制會議進行。
The company paid £150,000 to rebuild the tramcar.
Fakat sonra program çok tutulunca Cumartesi geceleri ekrana gelmeye başladı ve program beklenmedik bir ilgi gördü.
不少採用漢狄法的國家實行此比例代表制的選舉計票辦法，一方面此方法可以使政黨的議席大致符合得票比例，另一方面，漢狄法同時限制政黨在議會的數目，使較細小及得票率極低的政黨難以進入議會。
Therefore, Spearman's rank correlation coefficient is 0.8 for this set of data.
A for-pay public ferryboat service in nearby Bellevue also takes people across the Tred Avon river to Oxford.
From 1985 to 1990, Putin worked for the KGB, the Soviet Union's secret spy service.
Critics of the system say many parks lack enough employees.
根据Design and Trend，其起因是由于一名粉丝得到这本小说时带着小说能够解答游戏中的秘密这样的希望。
积极推行公开采购，有效压缩行政支出。
The west and south corners are slightly truncated, shortening the north, east and southwest coasts to about convert, and adding shorter west and south coasts about 1 to 2 km ( 1 2 –1 mi) in length.
The cilia on the forehead create a current that moves food particles towards the mouth.
He was the Executive Vice President of Baseball Operations from 2005 to 2010.
Sabor attacks her, but Kala and the baby escape without being hurt.
Also, crowns are now used as a symbol of the monarchy.
According to Evelyn Hively, Elinor Wylie "subscribed fully to the theory that a poet's work, as Wallace Stevens says, lies in trying to wrestle experience into meaning."
Hayden çok yetenekli bir aktör ve harika bir iş çıkardı.
This includes the "Big Six" of England, 3 teams Italy, and 3 teams from Spain.
This is before the events of the later half of the first movie.
The Black Heritage Trail crosses the Freedom Trail between the Massachusetts State House and Park Street Church.
He was chosen by a majority-black City Council, becoming the city's first white mayor in more than ten years.
There are many websites and books which have jokes, very often with puns.
Barbaros Agri uses the social networking site Facebook to advocate anti-Armenianism by being the creator of "The Biggest Lie Ever Told: The Armenian Genocide".
Although he played as regular player for long time, his opportunity to play decreased in 1997.
Christopher Willis (born February 26, 1969) is an American singer.
The character select screen is also different and there are new modes such as the Tekken Dojo mode, where the player has to enter a tournament, defeating ghosts (not actual ghosts you see at Halloween).
The name is also shortened to WiR.
她在所参加的四个项目的比赛中均获得金牌，成为该届赛事获得金牌最多的选手 citation 。
Meanwhile a shadow war was taking place in Cambodia and Laos as American bombers tried to root out Vietnamese communist guerrillas using passage through Vietnam's neighbours.
，曹操雖有萬全之計，不能禁河東之不危。
Strasburg played very well in the minor leagues.
Any time the car needs to be serviced, the driver must make a pit stop.
就像是民進黨，大家都利用陳水扁的名字去污錢；當陳水扁不行的時候，大家就吵著要切割，但大家都不是為了救民進黨，而是為了掌握黨機器。
盟軍開闢了第二戰場，1942年11月8日，
Peter gives up the Spider-Man identity to Reilly for a while until Reilly is killed by the returning Green Goblin and revealed to be the clone after all.
Unlike Chinese astronomical clock, it could measure the accurate time by observing the whole movement of universe.
This happened on November 1, 1980.
If they hit with enough energy to go through the transition state, they will react and form new molecules.
最初，新生的王国在内战和异教徒起义中风雨飘摇，
In the process, she herself falls in love with Uma after establishing herself as the perfect wife for him.
，描写了上个世纪初巨变中的中国。
從拉丁語到阿斯圖里亞斯語的過渡緩慢而漸進。
Internationale Review (At the Pinnacle.
首個米奇手錶於1933年由英格索尔手表公司制造。
車站出入口設在北、東北和西南方三處，設有1處閘口。
In it, he tells her of the first time he fell in love with her.
The team's name may also be inspired by a club of the same name based in the same city that competed in the original NASL in the 70's and early 80's.
TCBY also offers drinks, including smoothes and Frappe Chillers.
İsabel onu, Biscayan bölgesinin tarihçisi ilan etti ve İsabel'in 1868 yılındaki ölümüne kadar Trueba bu görevi sürdürdü.
Other beaches - Om beach, Gokarna beach, Half moon beach and Paradise beach is at a distance of 1.1 kms, 1.7 kms, 2.4 kms, 2.6 kms.
梵高長大以後，于1869年7月被伯父帶進藝術品交易公司「古皮尔」（Goupils & Cie）的海牙分部見習。
It was there that he spent most of his early childhood.
The company was closed in 2004, due to the company being less popular.
More members were found at Cape Flora, and the Terra Nova returned to Cape Dillion.
菜籽固醇在厌氧底层和底泥中可以稳定存在上百年，使之可以指示过去存在藻类的量。
When the Volturi and Irina finally arrive, all of the vampires and the werewolves meet in a clearing in the forest.
Japanese Americans began to feel that other Americans were becoming upset with them.
He also wanted a warning to be mentioned on all cigarette packs, although some of these warnings were there since 1965.
厘金一直是地方政府重要的收入之一，各地方政权无不巧立名目，以各种方式横征暴敛。
在2008年6月，列比達續約至2011年 citation 。
File:Hans the Younger Holbein - A Lady with a Squirrel and a Starling (Anne Lovell?) - Google Art Project.
These flights fly to 1,329 airports in more than 150 countries, carrying 678.7 million passengers.
The feast soon spread to other dioceses, and the devotion adopted in various religious communities.
The water park has 8 single-person rides, 6 multi-person rides, 1 kids park (a miniature version of all the rides in the park), and 3 other activities (lazy river, volleyball, and surfing).
He formed the group in 1997.
Antonio Canova who once tried to acquire the work declared that he would willingly give up ten years of his own life to produce a similar masterpiece.
He played 6 matches and Japan won the 2nd place.
Churchill College was the first college in Cambridge to allow female students.
北京同樣有一男子在微信群被指涉嫌侮辱中方陣亡士兵而被刑拘 citation ，四川绵阳亦有一名男子在微博发表侮辱中方陣亡士兵的言论，其后主动到公安机关自首。
也就是動物在沒有驚嚇的狀態下表現操作反應的時間。
The Arizonian is a 1935 American western movie directed by Charles Vidor and starring Richard Dix, Margot Grahame, Preston Foster, Francis Ford, Louis Calhern, Hattie McDaniels.
He was an Ambassador to Sweden from 2001 to 2005 and Ambassador to Denmark from 2005 to 2012.
She was given an exception to join the LET at age 17. Yang qualified for the LGPA on her first attempt.
以下24個國家隊獲得本屆參賽資格，奈及利亞因為是主辦國，因而直接晉級決賽圈。
An encore is usually a short piece.
This type of lock is popular on safes and doors, but is almost never seen on padlocks.
His degree was awarded in 1924.
Before releasing the document, the political leadership had even assured the inhabitants that all houses on the island will be included in the draft before having it scrutinized it for final publication.
Later the duchy was divided into two different parts.
If possible, the person should slowly decrease the amount of medication they are taking, bit by bit, over a few weeks.
Sylvanus Timotheus Blackman (1 July 1933 23 January 2021) citation was a English male weightlifter.
More than 5,000 people came to the courtroom to see Corder's body. citation His body was dissected the next day.
The law bans unfair treatment against transgender people in private jobs, education and healthcare.
Hemlock is got from any of the poisonous umbelliferous plants, of the genera Conium (Conium maculatum and Conium chaerophylloides) and Cicuta He drank it and died soon after.
」 《二二八事件研究報告》，行政院研究二二八事件小組，賴澤涵總主筆，臺灣臺北:時報文化出版企業股份有限公司，1994-02-20，頁326 ；臺南市文獻委員謝碧連律師表示：「湯律師是其前輩，傳奇一生令人景仰，實為後輩楷模。
The territory is 41 kilometers (25 mi) long, and from 6 to 12 kilometers (3.7 to 7.5 mi) wide, with a total area of 365 square kilometers (141 sq mi).
Shepherd's surname has been variously rendered as "Shephard" and "Sheppard".
Their white colour is easily seen, and probably acts as a warning sign.
The castle has extensive, attractive formal gardens, terraces, parkland, deerpark and landscaped estate.
Her acting career began in 2009.
Charles's law says "when a gas is compressed, temperature is raised".
The two animals came to be called "the pets of young Paris".
谢无量於1940年從香港回到重慶家中，住觀音岩張家花園可園一號。
She says that the drugs were put in her bag by someone else and that she did not know about them.
Air Marshal, Chief of the Air Staff (1982–1985).
Yeni Yahudiliğe geçen kral Arabistan'daki Yahudileri toplayıp pagan müttefikleriyle birlikte Aksumları bölgeden sürdü.
为了减少粘膜抗原反应，限制谷蛋白饮食也不能保护肾功。
Compared to later ABBA releases, the singers' Swedish accents are decidedly more pronounced in "Waterloo".
The storm, political problems, and poor weather in the third year drove vanilla prices up to US$500 for one kilogram in 2004.
It is held at Petrillo Music Shell and four other stages in Grant Park at the waterfront of Lake Michigan.
」他並言：「去年翻譯界的一大醜事，莫過於洪蘭翻譯的Thinking, Fast and Slow。
The Jockey Club Auditorium opened in 2000.
Tasarımcılar ve diğer araçları oluşturmanın yanı sıra diğer programlama dillerini entegre edebilir.
In 1973–74, Gibson made his only flight into space as science pilot aboard Skylab 4, the third and final crewed flight to Skylab.
少歲卒業成功大學電機工程學系，旋負笈重洋，獲美國麻省理工學院電腦碩士暨博士學位，礱淬探綜，逴犖標拔。
The puppets have eyes that they wear on the middle finger.
It is the administrative and commercial centre.
All elevators, whether traction or hydraulic, require a machine room to store large electric motors (or hydraulic pumps) and a controller cabinet.
數碼海是網絡的一部分，這裡有很多可說是大型但顛倒的城市，這些「建築物」應該是網絡的數據庫。
The gold was alluvial gold, found in the bottom of the creeks.
Sometimes certain types of amnesia fix themselves without being treated.
音樂十大人氣歌曲2005金曲金獎《無賴》
In fact, it is nearer to the floor).
Drawing of the gland inside a spinneret.
It is the smallest county by area in the state.
It is about topics such as Americans' attitudes towards fantasy fiction, the strengths and weaknesses of science fiction, and how children's literature is special.
People often get many bites.
In the 1990s and 2000s, bones from two other Neanderhals were found nearby, they are called Neanderthal 2 and Neanderthal 3 respectively.
Since 2013, Pipa was a fundraiser at the Center for Children and Youth with Special Needs "Dzherelo".
、文化教员，汉口第一高级步兵学校政治部干事。
Everyone who could be played in Super Mario Bros. 2 can be played again, with the same exact power.
NAMI is a organization that is run primarily by volunteers.
吳清友已婚，與妻子洪肅賢育有一子一女。
春假的某天（4月1日），千夏向孝一提出了一個驚人的提案：她負責的3個病人將要來這里一起居住兩個星期。
He had refused command of the Army of the Potomac twice saying he was not up to the job.
The most common pattern was a ring outside of a city that was his target.
İstasyonun içinde iki kişilik bir mürettebatla bir Proton roketi kullanılarak fırlatılması, mürettebatın bir aylık gözlem çalışmalarından sonra bir kapsülle dünyaya dönmesi planlanıyordu.
During the 1950s, in the mid-atlantic ridge discoveries of sea-floor spreading and magnetic reversal proved that Wegener's theory was real and led to the theory of plate tectonics, though his proposed causes were mistaken.
Six singles were released from the album: "Enter Sandman", "The Unforgiven", "Nothing Else Matters", "Wherever I May Roam", "Sad but True", and "Don't Tread on Me".
In the 1980s, there were a lot of bands in Europe playing heavy metal.
He shot another person at Aroma Therapy Massage.
He died at the age of 74 in 1912.
'in bazı yiyecekleri kendisine yasaklamasını anlatan 1. ayetten alır.
A few weeks after the fight, Wladimir Klitschko, the IBF, IBO, and WBO heavyweight champion, said he wanted to fight Haye.
The Ampat Lima printing company closed because of pressure from the Attorney General's office and the Interior Ministry.
"Diagnostics" is the name given to procedures which spell out what to do to find the cause of a fault.
当时，“发现号”就停泊在他在伦敦的办公室附近。
These can be inexpensive foam earplugs or more costly hearing protectors that have a Noise Reduction Rating or NRR.
Nibelung in this context means "
As of 2011, the municipality covered an area of convert and had a population of 40,403.
Glassdoor is a website where employees review their current or previous company.
The album had re-recorded songs that were released before Selena had signed with EMI Latin.
Animal rights activists have long argued that the tank does not meet federal minimum requirements (Animal Welfare Act).
喬治三世對於任命一些他不願意的人士到內閣供職感到苦惱，但波特蘭的內閣很快就在下院建立起優勢，使他不易撤換內閣。
The court said that she waited too long to sue Goodyear.
By 22 April, Madagascar had reported 121 cases but no deaths.
If Siddhartha saw any suffering then he would become a great religious leader.
So Davis took his ship, named Cecilia, in search of seals further south.
About 40% of the people of Guatemala identify as Native American.
全臺共計111人死亡，103人失蹤。
Escort, four convict ships, and a supply ship.
The document speaks about "Castrum Vesulium".
The Harvard reconstruction may have included too many vertebrae, exaggerating its length.
The period of mourning ended when Emily gave a party at the White House on 1 January 1830.
He retired from playing professional ice hockey in 1952.
In 2012, Cohen made a movie called The Dictator in which he played Admiral General Aladeen.
He is one of the most successful Bosnian-Herzegovinian football managers.
The Council City post office was opened on April 30, 1855.
The race is named after Edward Smith-Stanley, 12th Earl of Derby.
，並同時通知法治委員會該項處置。
The energy given by fats is used by moving around or exercising.
Hans Sachs is the only person who realizes the beauty of his song.
Batı sanatında bu eserde resmedilen grup, insanoğlunun çektiği acıları çok iyi tarif etmesiyle öne çıkarılır.
Ronald Reagan was governor of California for two terms, from 1967 to 1975.
's consort, was an enthusiastic promoter of the exhibition, which was self-financing.
Words or syllables cannot end in a consonant (except n or m), so the Japanese put in an extra vowel.
Incidence rates are important in studies involving acute diseases, where symptoms of a disease peak and subside within days or weeks and generally lasts less than 3 months.
However, they did find books and photographs they said were sexually explicit.
使用抗玻連蛋白和抗αv整聯蛋白main，又或者環狀肽cRGDfV可以抑制IGROV1聚集體的形成 。
It also received a "limited time" license because this was the same frequency as KOA in Denver.
So Yǚ took over the job of saving China and cleaned out all of the rivers so that the extra water could easily go to the sea.
He was elected in 10 Assembly elections from the seat of Govindpura in Bhopal before retiring from electoral politics in 2018.
He has also been called John Stevenson.
，皇家精神科医学院院士，皇家文艺学会会员。
His father is Jerry de Jong.
He also said that he practiced with a chair at home and found it natural for him.
The Eclipse of Ages into Black was released in early 2000.
A half-empty bottle of alcohol was found at the scene, but no other drugs were found.
In April and May 2011, the DC City Council issued a subpeona to get Brown to testify.
It has two distinct parts.
But when the view changes to any other character, readers see merely a little stuffed tiger.
This gave Octavian the excuse to strip him of his offices, except for Pontifex Maximus.
In 2005 the Ulster Chess Union broke away from the Irish Chess Union.
This caused many poor reviews for problems with Apple Maps.
In 2007, 2968 people lived there.
Thanks to the great success in Iraq, Jun Kwang-ryul, the actor of Hur Jun, visited Iraq.
Although noises may still sound loud, it is common that with this hearing loss, the sounds will not be clear.
; both of these kinds of work are classified in the informal sector.
独立混成第16旅团在1940年（昭和15年）
The album version is seven minutes and twenty seconds long.
Carter's hobbies include painting, Carter, Jimmy, Letter to Artist Mia LaBerge, February 14, 2008.
They endangered enemy merchant ships that were not protected by friendly warships.
It is then and now, the best reviewed Batman movie from the Burton/Schumacher movie series.
For example, only royal families could use golden stripes on their hanbok.
Mamun began training in rhythmic gymnastics when she was seven years old.
李彬（1398年－1468年），
It has been described by some critics as an unfairly overlooked game.
The dusty halo seen in pictures is big, being around 2000 km in lengthwise extent.
In 1978, otter hunting became illegal and the otterhounds had no job.
Türk halk kültüründe ve anlatılarda yeryüzünü suların kapladığı “Büyük Tûfan” için kullanılan bir tâbirdir.
He had wanted them to carry cargo and passengers, not bombs.
His mother was from the Khumalo clan.
Emigration from these areas during the 19th century introduced the concert and Alpine zither to North and South America.
据地方历史学家main在其所著的文选《帕拉蒂尼索引典》中记载，
This season also had the highest number of celebrity appearances.
Murmansk is headquarters of the Northern Fleet of the Russian Navy.
，提醒各部队警惕“携带伪造证件、身穿英军制服”的德国间谍sfn。
Colin Blunstone is lead singer.
It is one of only a few binational denominations: rather than split into different churches at the 49th parallel, it is united.
This is meant to be a humorous reference.
The west end of the beach is called Gurnard Marsh and there is a stream called "The Luck" flows into the Solent.
It is considered to be a part the Algonquian language family.
In her new role, Louise was less bored by the court, because she had more things to do.
In 2013 she started to work with the International Foundation for Electoral Systems on women’s political empowerment under the Global Women’s Leadership Fund.
The history of Tibetan refugees settled in Chowkur itself is the history of its people as many does not know much about this remote settlement, not even other Tibetans.
The two women share stories of their past.
In 1929, he named this species A. longirostris, meaning "long snout."
Verdi gave money to help Piave's wife and family.
The Doctor usually takes other people with them, who are usually called "companions" or "assistants".
The oldest meaning is a drawing that is a full-sized design for a finished artwork.
剧中讲述了单纯、幼稚的萧翎历经坎坷逐渐成熟，为信仰、正义、良知而奋争，从而引发武林正邪大战，终于成为受人尊敬的一代侠客的故事。
The united Egypt was ruled by an Egyptian god-king.
'in kayıtsız şartsız teslimini talep etti.
All four friends met together and decided to work together to record songs.
's assassination, which had taken place on April 4, 1968.
He served as the Bishop of Vigevano from 18 March 2000 until 12 March 2011.
Astad Deboo (13 July 1947 10 December 2020) was an Indian contemporary dancer and choreographer.
Üliger (Moğolca: Улгэр, Rusça: Ульгэр), Moğol ve Buryat halk kültüründe masalları ve mitolojik öykülere verilen genel bir addır.
Johnny Belinda is a 1948 American drama movie directed by Jean Negulesco and based on the 1940 play of the same name by Elmer Blaney Harris.
His wife died when he was 25 years old.
在2014年和2015年之間，該步槍的半自動民用型，M77ps由世紀武器國際公司進口到美國，
Queensberry was found not guilty, as the court declared that his accusation that Wilde was "posing as a sodomite" was justified, "true in substance and in fact".
Most men report either improvement or no change.
可是5月以后，Selina就幾乎不放另一半照片。
An airport security officer saw three men take Dina.
Bunlardan ikisi bu işkence sırasında öldü.
Wear the correct footwear.
Sometimes, a sometimes a dead person (probably the corpse in whose grave the tablet was placed) had to mediate.
Two families with one parent are brought together by Duffy (
They recorded a demo tape with 16 songs, then were signed to London Records, which released two of their songs: "More to Lose" and "Bitter Heart".
Supernanny ended in March 2011 in the United States and 7 September 2012 in the United Kingdom.
Kitabını bastırmakta siyasi nedenlerle güçlük yaşayan Kertész, basıldıktan sonra da uzun süre göze çarpmadı.
The highest recorded profit before tax of LKR 8.7 billion was achieved.
The player can play as all four members of the Fantastic Four with up to two players.
His friends are not pleased with this trait because they think he should tell little white lies to spare others the truth.
，造成至少45人死亡13人受傷，
The República is a partner with the Nagarik, a similar daily paper written in Nepali.
Once a clear meaning has been established, there is no need for further analysis.
The repetition can be put side by side (for example, "sleepy sun sank slowly over the sea").
There were many rumors afterwards that the two broke up.
Deadwyler tied a white handkerchief to the car's antenna, to signify an emergency, a common sign in Georgia, where the couple had moved from a year earlier.
The late 20th century was also when they began using computational models of cognition.
The game was not as well received as its predecessors: Golden Sun received a 91% citation and a 90% citation on Metacritic and GameRankings, and The Lost Age received an 86% citation and an 87%.
Not required yet.
This game features Game & Watch games in two styles: Classic, which features faithful reproductions of the original games, and Modern, which gives the games a different visual style using characters from the Super Mario Bros. series.
A large reservoir is built at Poulaphouca.
The sulfolene is about 10 kcal/mol more stable than the isometric sultine in CH 2 Cl 2 /SO 2 solution.
节日期间，民众举行宰牲仪式，祭奉神灵，祈祷长寿幸福。
This led to the assumption that only the primary disease should be treated, and the secondary variety should be ignored in favor of treating only the underlying illness.
当月，骆元光去招降徐庭光时，徐庭光因素来轻视骆元光，数次谩骂，还侮辱骆元光祖上，说自己只投降汉族将领，最后投降马燧， 被下诏任为试殿中监兼御史大夫。
She also played Peggy in Miss Grant Takes Richmond.
In 1837 it was extended about convert from north of Chennai to Vijayawada and convert south of Chennai to Parangipettai.
When Idomeneo finally realizes it is his own son he must kill, he tells Idamante to go away and never see him again.
However, in 1667, he published the famous Paradise Lost, one of the greatest English-language epics.
In 1959, Hawaii became the fiftieth American state.
Then he began teaching psychology at the University of Lille.
卡曼奇的座標為coord ，而該地的平均海拔高度為182米（即595英尺）。
Usually the leader female of the whole group is responsible for finding and gathering all the food for the rest of the group.
The artist made the tea ritual the subject of a series of works painted around 1880-81.
This monster is so powerful that it can destroy Olympus.
John remarried, on 24 August 1200, Isabella of Angoulême, who was twenty years his junior.
Edwards during the 2013 Porsche Carrera Cup Germany.
In 2002, after the completion of the Celebrity Tour and the release of "Girlfriend," the third single from Celebrity, the group decided to take time off, at which point Timberlake began work on his first solo album and the group went into a hiatus.
He wrote an orchestral work called Italian Serenade which is one of his best works outside Lieder.
As shown in the image, some pieces (for each side) begin already in the home quadrant, and some pieces must make their way all the way around.
In a developed country, industry jobs may be moved (
》飾演 萊絲莉·湯普金斯（Leslie "Lee" Thompkins）。
Julius Caesar, Commentarii de Bello Gallico, Book 7, 90. There is an English translation in Wikisource.
In the 19th century BC they migrated to the rest of Ladakh region.
As Ruth dies, Domergue shoots and kills him with his own gun.
The videoclip showed fourteen possible singers.
Muscat is a hot and dry city.
It is characterized by long vertical pages measuring 22 inches / 560 millimetres or more.
英国以此认为中国违反《续议滇缅界务、商务条款》第五条之规定 规定为：“
Because of the Sutra of Golden Light, in Japan she became a protector of the people.
Libraries & U.S. Government Printing Office.
The Confederates arrested those among them who had signed the treaty with Ormonde.
It is 288 km long.
People can also say it is a "registered trademark" or use the abbreviation "Reg.
Bourne was appointed acting Governor of the Central Provinces and Berar from May to October 1945, and as the acting Governor of Assam in 1946.
New hominin found via mtDNA.
The heroic and glamorous style that.
Mildred Harris (November 29, 1901 – July 20, 1944) was an American actress.
Nannini took third but he then had electrical trouble and was forced to retire while Prost passed Capelli with three laps to go.
因此，政府決定委派與海事處無任何利益關係的政務官黃偉綸出任處長，希望能徹底整頓海事處。
At first, the game was released for 99 cents, but soon enough they released Temple Run free, but with purchasable in-game coins.
's book Exist 2 Inspire, they mention an incident they had with The Court while it was still headed by The Undertaker, "We got to the next house show and Bradshaw told us, 'You guys have been sentenced to Wrestler's Court.
We have total power in the situation.
He was Kisame's partner.
Huge efforts have been made to slow down its spread, but nothing has worked so far.
正因為此項比賽的成功辦理，而讓這項繞圈比賽於2006年起，
In November 2013, Sinclaire released a book about her life, Never Give Up.
Applied research is generally done to solve a problem.
，但並非制式武裝，因此在接艦回國時本級艦並無配備遙控潛水器設備。
Eski Bolivya başkanı Juan José Torres ve eski Uruguaylı milletvekilleri Héctor Gutiérrez ve Zelmar Michelini'nin 1976 yılında Arjantin'deki suikastları Condor'un bir parçasıdır.
Gooderson, p. 103 The U.S. II Corps made little progress.
In 2007, 3957 people lived there.
醫管局員工陣線主席余慧明於罷工結束時表示，在這段罷工期中，政府已關閉多個口岸，開啟港人以工會抗爭。
But in the past the maneuver had to be done at night or out of sight of the enemy.
王焘年少孤贫，九岁过继为人后。
Osiris ise Geb ve Nutun ilk oğlu yer altı dünyasının hakimidir.
In March 2011 he published a report on public sector pension reform.
シャイニング・デイ」（第46話 - 第47話）
He is playable in this game.
市區重建局會於2012年年中前內完成整個項目的設計，
The King and Queen gave Columbus many honors.
在漫畫中，當無限學園被毀後，她跟天王遙便轉校到月野兔等人就讀的十番高中上學。
She sought election to Brandon City Council in the 1998 municipal election, and was narrowly defeated by incumbent councillor Margo Campbell in Ward Eight.
柯德离开房子后不久，玛丽亚出发去红谷仓见他，那里位于巴恩菲尔德山，离马滕的小屋约半英里（800m）。
Brunetto later received a special mention in the Divine Comedy (Inferno, XV, 28), for what he had taught Dante.
Plunkett-Powell (1993), 24. The first three books were published in 1927, and were an instant success.
Prospects East won their fourth President's Cup in nine years with an 8-4 aggregate victory (4-2, 4-2) over Prospects West.
With a net worth of $27.7 million, Williams is one of the wealthiest members of Congress.
A movie version of the musical is planned for release in Summer 2020.
It covers an area of 57.87-square-mile (149.88 km²).
The file would be called LOVE-LETTER-FOR-YOU.
Few organisms can survive such harsh conditions.
Joan Biskupic, Sandra Day O'Connor: How the First Woman on the Supreme Court Became Its Most Influential Justice (New York: HarperCollins, 2005), 101.
Students at the Junior College are taught the primary schools curriculum developed by Cambridge International Examinations or CIE (an exam board in the United Kingdom) and ZIMSEC (an exam board in Zimbabwe).
A chemical sample is prepared by placing a tiny amount of the sample in an NMR tube.
Instrumentation engineers usually work in industries with automated processes.
The game had mixed reviews.
When Norfolk fell in May 1862, the CSS Virginia was destroyed by its crew so it wouldn't be captured.
Small Business Administration.
在诛吕政变时起兵的楚王刘交和齐王刘襄也在皇太子确立后不久死亡。
They still use double dissociation for studying the patients, case studies, computational models, and many other features that were invented in the late twentieth century.
The nautical mile is used for sea or air travel.
In 2006 he gave his directorial debut in the Opernhaus Halle with Monteverdi‘s "L'Orfeo, in which he also sang the name part.
With Ajax he reached the quarterfinals of the UEFA Champions League in the 2003/04 season.
The team has 10 women and 9 men.
Big felsic lava flows are uncommon, but have travelled as far as convert.
父丁（在位时间不可考证），墨胎氏，名竹猷，曾任亞官，故稱亞丁。
Wadj-wer is sometimes shown as being part male and part female.
The Galapagos shark is a large species, reaching a maximum length of up to 12.1 feet (3.8 metres), and weighing up to 86 kg.
翌年，以《电光空手打》一片出道。
Historically, agriculture is primary occupation of the people but having no proper irrigation system and at the mercy of seasonal rains, it is a kind of disguised employment.
Aygo迎来了它的第二次改款，这次加入了一个更有棱角的保险杠，并为加入日间行车灯（DRL）提供了空间。
The requirements vary according to the subject-matter.
Conscience often describes this land in his books.
，其臣下有人妄自生事，宋孝宗说：“不可以此为喜。
They are commonly used in studies of water quality.
It is a nonpartisan organization that advocates on regulatory, legislative, and legal public policy issues on behalf of its owner banks before policymakers, courts of law, and standards setters around the globe.
Many different things can cause mania.
名岐之間的連接路線由（舊）名古屋鐵道承繼和建設。
; 片头曲「Good Shepherd」
He appeared in television, media and radio interviews.
According to the 2001 UK census it has a population of 14,132.
Metabolizma için gereken enerji, organizma açısından besindir.
Henry Timms is the president.
He thought that Wyatt told the King about their affair to convince the King not to marry Anne.
Her husband was Martin Bezouška (* 1955), a Czech screenwriter.
Such theories alleged that Cecil had either actually invented the plot or allowed it to continue when his agents had already infiltrated it, for the purposes of propaganda.
物理的访问地点常常限制于被选择的人员，包含安全控制系统。
Bu arada, Holloway hızla hasta olmaktadır.
St. George is nicknamed the "Granite Town".
Meera Syal was attracted to her role because Miranda was not a clichéd private detective and she thought the humour was "fresh".
When Ms. Pac-Man eats a white pellet, the ghosts turn blue.
The Prime Minister would allocate their responsibilities.
On November 30, 2016, the Government adopted 10 resolutions that lay the foundations for reforming the health care system in Ukraine and address operational issues of health care management.
Oshkosh became a city in 1853.
The phone has a non-
The population was 7,258 at the 2010 census.
This survey produced spectra of a far higher resolution than ECAS, and was able to resolve a variety of narrow spectral features.
Okino is Kiki's father.
Some plants such as ferns and mosses have sperm that move.
He had four wives: Papalya, Nanu, Watjunka and another woman (whose name is not known to outsiders).
蒙 總統頒賜「忠勤着績」及旌忠狀； 劉煒將軍儒將也.
Tajar, Masuda Şem-Tov Sinogogu bombalaması, önceki tutukluların suçsuzluğunu ıspatlamak için Yosef Beit-Halahmi tarafından yapıldığını ve bunun dul eşi tarafından kendisine ima edildiğini bildirdi.
Kendisini bir koleksiyoncu olarak görmemesine rağmen, çağdaş tablolara sahiptir.
She becomes very disappointed that her mom got her a diary instead.
People born in the 780s, from the year 780 to the year 789.
The marriage was confirmed on 31 October 1737.
The interest lies in the way great philosophers have tried to solve this problem.
A flying forearm smash is a where a wrestler runs towards an opponent (usually bouncing off the ropes), leaps into the air and hits the opponent with a forearm smash.
Ghulam was born in Qadian, Punjab in India in 1835 the surviving child of twins born to a rich family.
儘管朱千方百計地阻止，狡嚙最終仍然殺死槙島，之後不知去向，一期故事的主軸為「當法律無法裁定」的時候，是要揭開真相還是依舊守護法律。
This is the way that he recorded all the interesting things that he saw, studied and thought about.
She studied at the Sibelius Academy.
His parents were Eugene Edward Roddenberry and Caroline Glen.
They swim upright and can be very thin.
There are two kinds of pieces: plain (single) pieces and "double pieces".
君子认为向戌善于保持前代的札仪，子产善于辅佐小国。
She also published the Woman's Bible.
曾任朝鲜最高人民会议常设会议议长、朝鲜劳动党书记（主管国际联络事务）与金日成综合大学校长。
Despite his love of crapshooting, Popeye would be forced to sell his beloved dice for the lead in them after his guardian Whaler Joe fell on tough times.
Later in the series, they grow to have many members and stop crimes around the city.
Other rates such as the EUR/INR and INR/JPY have volatilities that are typical of floating exchange rates.
，由于日军难以进入里下河平原的水网地区，1939年3月，
There are several artefacts found in the site.
實際上儘管本身支持再統一，窮人普遍歡迎蘇聯而精英份子往往加入反對派 citation Nowak (online) 。
The best cuvettes are as clear as possible, without impurities that might affect a spectroscopic reading.
The car carried two white flags to show they were not fighting.
Also known as Fort Number Three (M).
After this major breakthrough, historians and scholars were able to obtain information about Ashoka and his reign.
Kuzey Makedonya'ya döndükten hemen sonra kendisini kliniğe bildirdi.
Napolyon döneminde Rusya’ya kadar ilerledi.
He became world famous for a wide range of German, French and Italian roles.
James Caan also acts in it.
The Munsters in the mid-1960s.
It can vaporize easily, too to make a brown vapor.
Therefore, it can be used again and again and only a small amount of a catalyst is needed.
，起源於八十年代的英國和美國。
Harlowton is surrounded by the Crazy, Little Belt and Big Snowy Mountains, which are a part of the Lewis and Clark National Forest.
Most of the poor countries in the world are dictatorships, with heavy restrictions on trade.
Lugar ran for an eighth term in 2012, but lost the Republican primary on May 8, 2012 to Richard Mourdock.
The movie stars Fay Wray, Bruce Cabot and Robert Armstrong.
The team which wins the most games in each year is the league champion or "pennant winner".
总体上，第二阶级拥有第三阶级没有的众多特权，而这些特权实际上保护了第二阶级的财产，同时又阻挡了第三阶级发展的能力。
His famous Mass Assumpta Est Maria has survived.
比精神病的陽性症狀，負性症狀可以更持久和更使人虛弱。
Hundreds of jahovas were set up during the reign of Amenhotep III.
This resulted in over 2,000 fish of various species being killed.
During the war over 10,000 military engagements took place and more than 3 million people fought on both sides.
經過鳴人先前的話語，帶土不再迷惘，決定與宇智波斑對抗，並強行從斑體內取去一部分的一尾及八尾查克拉和一些仙術查克拉，並和卡卡西聯手成功把黑絕奪去的「陰」九尾和一尾及八尾查克拉移植到嗚人身上。
Almost nobody supported him, except Alexandra and Rasputin.
He did not have enough money so left France to live in Switzerland.
The latest change came on June 8, 2009, when it opened its first Research & Development Center.
He was elected to the National Sportswriters and Sportscasters Hall of Fame in 1981.
His son who is related to him via adoption, Carsten Mohren, was a musician with Rockhaus.
After Shivaji's death in 1680,the Mughal ruler Aurangzeb killed Shivaji's son Shambhaji and captured Shamabaji's infant son Shahu.
They were usually planted and "trained" to form a barrier.
File:一新社｜神明廳（前緣）.
The population is 27,939 inhabitants, with a male participation of 12,680 (45,38) inhabitants and a female population of 15,259 (54,62) inhabitants.
更何况女人（与犹太人和黑人相反）同她们的压迫者共同生活，而双方又彼此需要。
'nün temel ilaçları listesinde yer almaktadır.
，公司名称定为佛山市海天调味食品有限公司。
Shahi's family, including his wife, five sons and a daughter, still resides in Kotri.
，公司转型照明產業 citation 。
史蒂文·溫伯格在1979年因為統一電弱交互作用理論而獲得諾貝爾物理獎的肯定。
His playing career lasted from 1945 to 1960.
She was the Indonesia's first female President, and leader born after independence.
'nın Belgorod – Bogoduhov Taarruz Harekâtı sırasında (23 Temmuz – 14 Ağustos 1943) gerçekleşen muharebedir.
Debar'ı kontrol eden Mehmet Shehu güçleri, o an için partizanları geri çekilmek zorunda bıraktı.
Barbara (née Barry) Gronemus (November 21, 1931 January 17, 2021) was an American politician and farmer.
Braun was a Commander of the Ordre des Palmes académiques.
出生时使用意大利的姓名：毛里齐奥·德·黑森（Maurizio d'Assia）。
Many storms have beaten the record since, Frederic has fallen to about the seventeenth costliest U.S. hurricane.
"That has to change".
This was all according to a book Davy Crockett wrote about himself.
In the end, Kennedy won, but it was a very close election.
）也分别经过图尔市区北部和南部 。
Many authors of the Marcinelle school worked together on the writing or as an artist.
Montoya took seven pole positions, but was not able to win a single race.
A child who has egocentricism tells what he or she sees and not what the doll sees.
After leaving the bank, he was appointed Director and General Manager of the Nigerian Tobacco Company (1967–1969).
This was not sufficient to stop nursing.
The movie was released on April 10, 2015.
在女双决赛以0比2（18-21、19-21）
The department of Izabal surrounds Lago Izabal.
Its main themes are white/black racism and innocence.
Skydra was known with the name Vertikop or Vartikop.
A utility is intended for a wide range of users, rather than an "
It is called the "
And so does Garland.
She was best known for her roles including Maria Mercedes and Alma Rebelde and as a contestant for Big Brother VIP in 2003.
Julien Nkoghe Bekale (born 9 January 1962) is a Gabonese politician.
At first it was named the Pan Am Building, but in 1981 the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company bought the building from Pan Am and in 1991 they changed the name to the MetLife Building.
他可能还有一个姐妹——穆特姆维娅，
It is these old heritage buildings that now attract visitors to the town.
'a bağlı olduğu dönemde Şereflikoçhisar Cumhuriyet İlköğretim Okulu 1931'de Aksaray Valisi Ziya Günar tarafından yaptırılmıştır.
The word 'demon' has different meanings all over the world, but often there is the idea that they are spirits that lived in a place, or went with a person.
Annesi Mitsuko, babası Tokio, ağabeyi Dai ve küçük erkek kardeşi Shou ile birlikte bir gökdelende yaşar.
The interface is available in four languages (English, French, German and Chinese).
With alcohol tolerance developing, the quantity of alcohol needed to get the same effect increases.
See the microformats project for background (Note: articles using infoboxes or taxoboxes which generate an hCard microformat will not be listed here; see Category:Templates generating hCards and Geo).
According to Boeing, CFIT is a leading cause of airplane accidents involving the loss of life. citation It has caused over 9,000 deaths since the beginning of the commercial jet age.
Kate, Humphrey, and the puppies are back in Jasper.
They may be directly controlled by humans.
The first FEMA Disaster Recovery Centers opened on 23 September on St. Thomas.
，许·丹增尼加扩建了旺旦伦珠岗，分为东院、中院、西院等三大康村。
谢尔曼向大海的进军在1865年在音乐中欢庆，S.
This procedure will be heartbreaking for women, when they get to know about this in later life.
The queen eventually finds out that the heart in the box is of a pig so she goes and changes herself onto an old hag.
It had the same style as the first generation iPod.
Yahoo.com. Retrieved 7 May 2012 The couple maintain a close relationship with actor Johnny Depp, who also regularly appears in Burton's movies.
Four are urban and four are rural.
Krallığın yüzölçümü yıllar boyunca değişme göstermiştir.
Buna tek istisna, sözlerini Eliot’un Rhapsody on a Windy Night şiirinden sonra Trevur Nunn’un yazdığı, müzikalin en meşhur şarkısı Memory’dir.
That same day, Onom Foundation protested that Mongolia only has 160 ventilators (1 per 20,000 compared to America's 1 per 2,000).
当时西藏最有地位之吹忠四人即拉穆吹忠、内冲、噶瓦东、萨穆叶，一般皆以拉穆寺之吹忠最为重要。
People who died in the 160s.
He has been married to Jim Ready since 2012.
They look for food mainly during the morning and evening, walking in pairs or, sometimes, in family groups.
For example, the champion's game was a short-lived game that developed during a transitional period between the invention of straight rail and the invention of balkline.
The Australian Broadcasting Corporation Act 1983 changed the name of the organisation to the Australian Broadcasting Corporation, from 1 July 1983.
我们取两个边长分别为（a，b，c）和（a，d，e）的直角三角形，并把它们拼合起来，便得到一个边长为c、e和b + d的三角形，其面积为：
When the young Willaert told them that he himself was the composer, the choir did not believe the young man, and refused to sing it again.
Waterford is home to the Waterford Crystal glass factory, which exports crystal all around the world.
As of the 2000 Zambian Census, the district had a population of 146,196 people.
The port takes many ships and accommodate trades among other countries.
The false gharial, like all other crocodilians, lays eggs.
On the upper side of its wings it does not have any yellow spots.
It means 2 Cs and stands for "Cool & Clean".
Saint Clare of Assisi was of noble birth, her father, Favorone Offreduccio, was the Count of Sasso-Rosso and her mother, Ortolana di Fiumi, was from aristocratic descent.
İkinci günde oyuncu gevşek bir şekilde yürür.
Summit was held in Chicago and lasted for three days.
Old institute building.
On April 19, 2002, police kicked in Staley's apartment door to find Staley dead on his couch.
The movie received mostly positive reviews following its first appearance in theaters, including 85% positive feedback on the website Rotten Tomatoes.
The Russo-Turkish War of 1787 was stopped when the Peace of Iaşi happened.
FpU leader Ove Vanebo said Breivik was active early in the 2000s, but he left the party as his viewpoints became more extreme.
In 2014, he designed the National Library of Latvia in Riga, Latvia, aka the Castle of Light, whose architectural form references and draws inspiration from Latvian folklore.
They often studied together.
Another possibility is that the foot is dirty or has fresh color on it.
BDD is a somatoform disorder.
It was created to prevent teenagers doing drugs.
Illustration of the integral test.
More track (9.9 km) was added to the Yonge-University Line in 1978 when it was extended from St. George and Bloor, north and northwest to Eglinton Avenue and Allen Road, then north along the middle of Allen Road to Wilson Avenue.
Malcolm I, full portrait (1800s).
中间齿轮箱内有两对不同传动比的齿轮，通过调换齿轮对以满足客运（最高速度140公里/小时）或货运（最高速度100公里/小时）需要 citation 。
Shivajirao Nilangekar Patil (1 September 1928 5 August 2020) was an Indian politician.
The game has ten stages.
In addition to the home video, A&M released a promo 12" (on blue vinyl, July 1990) and CD (May 1990) with the same title, Louder Than Live.
红十字国际委员会2008年3月17日报道称，自2003年战争开始以来，伊拉克的人道危机丝毫未见好转。
Objects were sometimes assigned a combined type such as e.g. CG when their properties were a combination of those typical for several types.
It may also be used outdoors to load and unload trucks and trailers.
Tasarımın ilk aşamalarında ana silah olarak 140 mm yivsiz topa sahip olması planlanmışsa da daha sonraki aşamalarda otomatik dolduruculu Hyundai WIA CN08 120-mm/L55 yivsiz topuna dönülmüştür.
Herbert Maxwell, A History of the House of Douglas, Vol. I (London: Freemantle & Co., 1902), p. 45 Finally the Scots won the battle and the English fell back in confusion, king Edward with 500 mounted knights fled the field.
This means using a needle that has not been cleaned after someone else has used it.
He eventually stopped working on the script.
The two swords were always carried together: the wakizashi finished off the work of the katana sword.
The 46 BCE was a leap year, according to the calendar.
For example, if a person reads a list of words including the word table, and is later asked to complete a word starting with tab, the probability that he or she will answer table is greater than if they are not primed.
Twenty-one of the bodies were not identified.
该校建筑与城市规划学院在美国新闻与世界报道排名前20。
，但也有說法認為孕婦只是去海邊提水或散步，並發現海水一直往後退，
Jenkins believes that lowering government spending will help the economy.
昭和IC（平假名：しょうわインターチェンジ）
BBC Two was channel of the year in 2007.
Not many plants grow on them.
However, Monet wanted to be an artist.
He thought that a combination of sports, gymnastics, and psychology could help people with mental disorders.
On June 29, 2015, Wap released his second single "679".
However, he still favoured an expansion of the social welfare programme, and also supported allowing more ordinary Prussians to vote.
They felt that he was away for too long and was not fulfilling his proper duties.
If the frog is riding on a turtle when it goes under the water, the frog dies.
He ruled together with his female cousin, Maelo.
Aermacchi M.B.339 was built by Alenia Aermacchi.
，将其所属行政区域划归老林镇管辖。
Compilers are much harder to write than assemblers are.
The most recent death of a former governor was that of William F. Quinn (1957–1962), who died on August 28, 2006.
They tell us about Wilhelm Meister’s relationship with society and how he has to change his ways to fit in with other people.
Qualifying for the main draw took place between the 20 and 21 January 2011.
故事模式发生在蘑菇王国，奇诺比奥正在种花，
當被追問有關事件時，葉劉承認曾有一名己黨成員以個人身份探望鄭，該黨員是鄭母的同鄉兼鄰居，強調有關行為並非受她本人或政黨所託。
The Act controlled the way food was made to make sure it was safe.
美国政府试图阻止媒体继续刊登相关的报道，
There is no respawning in Arena mode.
、舉人尊室渼之弟，嗣德十九年七月六日（1866年8月15日）出生。
Digitally remastered with Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround Sound, the DVD edition of Feelin' So Good contains interactive menus and instant chapter access to songs.
The females only stay long enough to mate and spawn.
They lead a happy life and have at least two children together.
Having occupied the Russian Maritime Provinces, the Allied Forces left by 1920.
Cephalopods: a world guide.
His term lasted for nearly 2 years when he left office on 12 January 1991.
Rakka Mukataası aklamından Selmanlu ve Tevabii Mukataası'na yapılan müdahalenin men'i.
』我坐下來寫下了《怒火邊界》的劇本。
Aretino was started by Arthur J. O’Neill.
University Of Chicago Press.
But his scientists cannot make an arc reactor to power it, so he goes to Stark's house to steal his.
Joachim Holmboe Rønneberg, DSO (30 August 1919 – 21 October 2018) was a Norwegian Army officer and broadcaster.
玩家在玩《陪睡女友～緊緊抱著你～》的時候主要是觀看和聆聽故事情節的發展，不過在部分的預設段落中玩家須藉由點擊的方式選擇行為選項，而這些選擇將會影響之後的人物的行動或者是反應。
Prudius accompanied Jerry Jarrett to the ring at Slammiversary in 2005.
Hava korsanı yolcular tarafından etkisiz hale getirildi.
成为部落首领后，玩家須管理和保护他的部落成员 。
It was the first hospital with an interracial staff.
Aboriginal occupation on Rottnest Island, Western Australia, provisionally dated by aspartic acid racemisation assay of land snails to greater than 50 ka.
」，開始進行組織抗爭、與國軍退除役官兵輔導委員會協商，並提出「原地安置」等訴求。
Scar, in the Elephant Graveyard, is angry with the hyenas because they did not kill Simba.
Meerkats have long claws that help them dig and fight.
How Dál Riata in Scotland was seen as a colony still controlled from Ireland is not clear to modern historians.
It was renamed Templeton College in 1983 after John Templeton donated a large endowment.
Hydrogen was chosen as a reference point because it bonds covalently with many elements.
Waves form a basis for both, provided one incorporates quantum theory.
Nevertheless, in 1829, a tomb was built for him in Florence in the basilica of Santa Croce.
Davidson left the position of leader of the Scottish Conservative Party on 29 August 2019.
Scotland was the first country to consider hosting the 2014 Commonwealth Games in 2004, with Scottish cities being invited by the Commonwealth Games Council for Scotland to consider making a bid.
喜歡千，目前跟千為戀人的關係。
Most of the fighting in this period was on a small scale.
And added the ability to burn CDs, and removed its recording feature and skin support.
It is also known alternatively as Tel Megiddo (Hebrew) and Tell al-Mutesellim (Arabic).
'de de yok olmuştur.
從明代到洪麗芬接觸到湘雲紗的時刻，這種工藝幾乎絕跡，她重新改良製作方法，使其產生布料獨具的紋理與觸感和色澤，多次榮獲時尚界肯定，甚至作品被法國巴黎服裝博物館永久珍藏，
Bush died one day before his 90th birthday on May 5, 2021.
The body of Thutmose II been badly damaged by ancient tomb robbers.
Non Stop is a French rolling-news television program on BFMTV.
Western Plains USD 106 serves Arnold, Bazine, Brownell, Ransom and Utica. citation The Western Plains High School mascot is Bobcats.
當球隊抵達奧蘭多，球員與隊職員要被隔離在自己的房間，
There are many such lineages.
Barry Holstun Lopez (January 6, 1945 December 25, 2020) was an American writer.
British and allied Allied forces from Egypt, commanded by Wavell made a successful two-month campaign in (
In the end, Winston is taken to "Room 101", where he must face his worst fear: rats.
，他們放火想要燒毀屋子以逼迫律香交出情報，但因為雷姆使用力量保護律香是以行動失敗。
She participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 1962.
People who have skepticism as an attitude, opinion, or method are called skeptics or sceptics.
Eisenstein never saw any of the Sinclair-Lesser movies, nor a later effort by his first biographer, Marie Seton, called Time In The Sun.
This edition included more recent quotations.
John Calvin was a French cleric and doctor of law turned Protestant reformer in the second generation of the Reformation.
There are two major uses of the term investment between the economics field and the finance field.
、疲勞、頭痛以及食慾不振 Ronald Eccles, Olaf Weber 2009，第24页 。
They have a tongue adapted for their particular food.
The largest city of the province is Quillota, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 62,231 inhabitants.
開寶二年（969年）三月，從征北漢。
The game comes in 3 areas: Routes, Railyard and Scenarios.
Even parasitoid wasps are vulnerable to hyperparasitoid wasps.
HD 105089，又名BD-02 3460，SAO 138585、HR 4613，是一颗恒星 ，视星等为6.
However, the President cannot make laws.
Even if a state does not list a certain thing as a mitigating factor, a defendant can still bring up that factor in court.
，145家城市合作银行更名为145家城市商业银行。
There are many versions to the story of the Trojan War.
It was there that she met her future husband Napoleon.
They had gradually lost more and more of their land and had become quite poor.
The 1891 Elementary Education Act provided for the state payment of school fees up to ten shillings per head.
居官廉谨，不挠法徇人，听讼详悉，不作好恶。
When the sperm are ready, they pass through the long tube at the right and into the urethra.
The Ode to Joy was adopted as Europe's “
Whilst touring, Frank Bello left and was replaced by Armored Saint member Joey Vera.
Berisha was born into an Albanian family in the city of Ferizaj, then part of the FR Yugoslavia, present Kosovo.
This is a list of Metroid characters.
; that she should be a Christian.
Waugh was born in Campsie, New South Wales.
The movie is about a suburban couple (Galifianakis and Fisher) who begin to suspect their new neighbors (Hamm and Gadot) are secret agents.
On 26 September 2005, the complete disarmament of the IRA by the head of thedisarmament commission, Canadian General John de Chastelain, announced.
Foreign policy also involves dealing with groups that are not countries but that are still important.
After Sita is sent to the forest, she gives birth to the twins Lava and Kusha.
That is, he would not confirm or deny.
When it was first broadcast on TV, it was shown as a double-length episode (meaning it lasted for double the time a normal episode would last), however it has been split into two separate episodes so that it can be shown as a repeat.
Jonas married the miller Peter Meurer.
All cast iron has about 95% iron in it.
Sugar Hill was named when a large shipment of sugar spilled along the route, and people started calling the area "the hill where the sugar spilled" or "the sugar hill".
In 1890, the Warriors moved to Ochilview Park following spells at Tryst Park and Goschen Park.
They could not have been used for flight.
They can change between human and squid forms.
The twin summits of Pen y Fan and Corn Du at convert were formerly referred to as Cadair Arthur or 'Arthur's Seat'.
Over the course of the show, Tahani learns to care about people, makes friends with her sister and forgives her parents.
She is one of the prefects of Gryffindor with Ron.
Others put their points into more than 1 of the skill trees listed above per character.
In some places, summer is the wettest season (with the most rain), and in other places, it is a dry season.
The television series was first shown on Teletoon in May 2005. citation 60 episodes (30 in English and 30 in French) were made and shown in the 2005/2006 Canadian television season.
The northern frogs lived between 1000 and 1500 meters above sea level and the southern frogs lived between 700 and 800 meters above sea level.
The TSI can be used to make an estimate of the biological condition of a lake.
可見其既然連高氏都牽強附會，那對於李繼遷的揣測依然是毫無證據的。
The next was a daughter, Elizabeth; but Elizabeth died when she was just eight months old, and Luther wrote in a letter, "My little daughter Elizabeth is taken from me, and hath left me with a bleeding and almost womanly heart, so sad am I on her account.
They did not require all the heavy equipment wet plates did.
In the 2018 campaign, St. Mary's received enough money to distribute 1.67 million meals across Arizona.
She first appears in The Evil of the Daleks.
Sport is an important part of Australian culture because the climate is good for outdoor activities.
This group of stars is known as the Ursa Major Moving Group.
If framing a choice a certain way will “nudge,” or push, someone to make a better decision, those who are in charge of creating options can use this to produce a better outcome.
Early on she was asked to "do something different" with her drums.
另一宗則有15人，被控在上環干諾道中及文華里附近，連同其他人參與暴動。
He has also been seen with Stewie many times.
，「瘧疾」古本寫做「虐疾」 ，然而此處的「虐疾」是否真正指現代意义的瘧疾已無從稽考 citation 。
This continent is called Antarctica.
Prior to the start of the season, the divisions of the league were re-aligned to better reflect the locations of the teams.
But every night she undoes her weaving again, so that she never finishes it.
In 2000, the population was 428. It is in Appanoose County.
Instaknow started deploying Process Automation Solutions in 2003.
Zinc phosphate is a white solid.
The Oxford Companion to Classical Literature.
This made the wards different from other wards in Japan.
The rest were expelled between 1944 and 1950.
The mussels live for three to five years.
The player fires a ball up into the machine, controlling only its initial speed.
例如，天鵝座V1057在11年內按了2.
板南線為台北捷運路網中首條東西向路線，也是全路網運量最大的路線，
就在这时莱希女士在约好的时间上门，告诉弗特女士，她那多疑的丈夫弗特先生正要回来捉奸。
Britain continued to be the biggest manufacturing economy in the world until 1908 and the largest economy until the 1920s.
Black is a color which brings youth and long life.
The moon for instance, takes about 29 days for each orbit.
Finally in the 1980s, he began to win awards as a country performer.
She has a younger sister, Pooja, who has also worked as an actor.
Although he did not played in the match, Japan won Bronze Medal.
Flash, Dale, and Zarkov distribute an antidote.
A person's genes contain all the traits which they inherit from their parents.
There, he started to develop a new rocket called A4 (Aggregat 4).
"Get Me Bodied" was performed after "Check On It".
When the Indre-et-Loire department was created on 1800, the arrondissement of Loches was part of that original department.
It was released on October 4, 2018, by Capitol Records, as a single from her upcoming album, Manic (2020). citation The music video for the song was released on October 29, 2018.
This is so that they can get to emergencies faster and carry more equipment.
Jay Rayner started his career as a freelance journalist.
Leonardo started work on a new painting.
Anschutz has been described as a Christian conservative, who has donated to openly antigay, anti-transgender, and anti-abortion causes.
Gönül Yolu (İngilizce: Guys and Dolls); 1950 yapımı, müziği Frank Loesser'a, metni Joe Swerling ve Abe Burrows'a ait Broadway müzikali.
Facilities were quickly established in the region, and Jinnah Antarctic Station (JNS) was commissioned.
She finished ninth in the 1,500 meter T54 race.
In May of 1961, Shintoho declared bankruptcy and two new companies were formed to take its place.
The Columbia Basin Project dammed the river in 1952.
光绪四年（1878年）10月1日，
，當地各部落酋長選擇與殖民者妥協合作，以換取安定的局勢。
The hand signal is usually both hands held up, palms towards the driver, moving the hands back and forth gesturing to back up.
It's often used to weaken the leg for a submission hold.
，認為「雖不無刑責，但事證尚欠明確」，建議退回復審，
That night, two more divisions reinforced the Union positions.
NNM stands for "Nara National Museum".
There are many differences between Gainsharing and profit sharing.
By 5 p.m. EDT (2100 UTC) on 25 August, a second flight had found sustained tropical-storm force winds, and the system was named Ernesto.
Reportedly served as acting boss in the "Ruling Panel" from 1996 to 2002.
Which type happens depends on the type of the atoms and molecules involved.
The author stood in contact with him for years.
The chords in the right hand show how it might be played.
Her body may be hurt from having the baby.
From 1948 to 1961, he regularly sang at Glyndebourne.
These numbers are sometimes written as +1 to show that they are different from the negative numbers.
Other terms can be used to describe the baby's stage of development.
近郊列車票務中心位於天橋靠近9號月台入口處。
However many mosques were built without either domes or towers.
History of the name "CamelCase"
Ancak virüsler şube ve sınıf olarak sınıflandırılmadı, bunun nedeni küçük genomları ve yüksek oranda mutasyona uğramaları nedeniyle yaşanan zorluklar sebebiyle takımın ötesinde tanımlamaya geçilmemesidir.
On 16 March, Kuribayashi's soldiers were still alive on the northwestern end of the island.
Hansard and Irglová also recorded a version of Bob Dylan's "You Ain't Goin' Nowhere" for the movie I'm Not There in 2007.
Today, Hughes Hall has about 400 students.
He tells her that her sass left on a train hours ago.
The name comes from Ingfriar in Old Norse.
At each round, the round key (obtained from the key with some simple operations, for instance, using S-boxes and P-boxes) is combined using some group operation, typically XOR.
Bu arada Juan, karısına göz kulak olmaları için iki kız kardeşini de eve getirir.
It is a container in the problem but must be used as a shelf in the solution.
Massachusetts was sold on October 9, 1792.
）于organic-chemistry.org （英文）
It is of major historical value according to the Stockholm City Museum.
如是，使將不得專其兵，以防止軍隊中出現個人勢力 。
Finally on June 2008, the "El Bosque" grounds were reapproved for First Division competitions.
The president of the organizing committee and the IOC president make their closing speeches.
He ran his own record label, Dank of England (formerly known as Black Magic Entertainment).
She did this because Jaggan, Amba's brother-in-law was a cruel ruler and he may have destroyed the village - if given the power.
Instead of dying, the princess will sleep for one hundred years.
In 1962 he traveled through Africa.
一般認為，梅什科之所以會接受基督信仰，主要是受其妻子——來自main影響。
由此改编的动画共两期，全52话。
Scholars today do not agree what exactly Sabellius or Praxeus taught.
The second in line was her father, the Duke of York.
Everything is packed very tightly and can barely move.
The name comes form gynós, which means naked.
Point Break was released on July 12, 1991.
This means that if there are no rules on how to use these goods, they will be used too much.
It is also called "porn" or "porno" for short.
The band was formed in 1990 by vocalist Abbath Doom Occulta and former guitarist Demonaz Doom Occulta after the bands Old Funeral and Amputation disbanded and members from both of the bands joined together to make Immortal.
It need not really be tried.
Baba tells her to find Tom and "set him right", and warns her against Nick Shaddow.
據稱，4枚命中左舷的魚雷中，2枚擊中反擊號的船身中段、1枚擊中後炮塔下方、1枚擊中螺旋槳，而命中左舷的魚雷則是擊中船身中段。
Via Maris, çevre yerleşimlerle bağlantılı bir yol ağının ana hattı idi.
Very little is known about the events of Ninken's life and reign.
歷郎官，出守潮州，政尚寬大，平易近人，聽訟摘伏如神，嚴鹺令，革私廠，不畏強禦，民立祠祀之。
A healthy person can normally give a lung or part of a lung without becoming sick.
The main language is Mirpuri.
Therefore, purple was only worn by the rich and famous.
Bunlardan en önemlisi, Prometheus olmuştur.
Consider the problem of scheduling exams (described above).
The Scottish and Welsh Federations hold their own championships every year as they did before.
Within days, most posters were writing about broader political issues, such as freedom of the press, democracy, and corruption.
", which are made when the person making the call does not want to have to pay their telephone company to make it.
This was a big problem.
为实现这一宗旨，要求普通教育和师范教育要贯彻“孝、悌、忠、信、礼、义、廉、耻”之古训。
's "Sing Their Souls Back Home"
Cyberpunk 2077 is a 2020 action role-playing video game created by CD Projekt.
They can reach up to 5.5 centimeters in length.
Numunenin kökeni hakkında bilgi molekülün bileşenleri ve parçaları hakkında bilgi sağlayabilir.
Windows can be made bigger or smaller, and can be opened or closed.
There is a problem, however.
String theory began as bosonic string theory, whose 26 dimensions act as many fewer.
These features would be likely to be inherited by offspring of both sexes.
南、順、保昌、瓊崖間素苦浮賦，奏悉蠲豁。
Anloo also was a municipality until 1998.
In 1996, Waldmann finished second to Max Biaggi in the 250cc world championship.
The knights establish their headquarters on the island, and rename themselves as the Knights of Rhodes.
Cauldron, also from Los Millares.
Before Iran was called Iran, and before Iranians lived there, a different group of people lived in Iran.
John Martin (1789-1854) was an English romantic painter.
另外，同樣是由於採用關節式轉向架的關係，每輛車輛均只配屬其中一方連接的轉向架 但在計算車輛重量時，則以車輛連接的兩個轉向架的50%總重來計算。
They are popular all over the world.
」其後問《禮》于沈重，受《漢書》于劉臻，二人推許之曰：「吾弗如也。
Many star NBA players who helped their teams a lot were selected early in the NBA Draft.
He took the throne in 192 BC.
This category contains articles about specific automobiles made by Rover.
Silver-haired bats are nearly black.
Some of his other compositions in which he expressed his real feelings were kept in a drawer so that no one could see them.
但警察来隔离时，他们被带离大楼，护送到大街上。
It is surrounded by large areas of water.
Once the surfaces are pushed together, the bond forms very quickly.
He started his musical career as a member of a band called Areyonga Desert Tigers.
Davis' acting career began in 2004 with his first role as Leroy in the film, Mindbenders.
Her first months at the White House marked the mourning for the death of Rachel Donelson Jackson.
Their relationships are not well established at present.
Unlike the old CRT screens they are not hard to see in bright areas.
's 500 Greatest Albums of All Time list.
Bold Team with the most points ever accumulated in a season during the trophy's existence.
Biden got the most votes in Georgia so all 16 electoral votes went to him.
Olive Snook biraz delidolu ve meraklıdır.
Additionally, the Fenty Administration improved the delivery of emergency medical services.
This was the world's largest telescope from 1789 until it was dismantled (taken apart) 50 years later.
Other catalog items include blocking peptides, recombinant proteins, tissue and cell line slides and lysates.
This exam is only taken in the spring season, and the grades are usually available on or before August of the same year.
The magazine has had various editors since it was founded.
在IBM工作期间，里德担任诸多执行职位。
其设计之初原定运行有轨电车，由于电缆承包商在施工期间破产转而采用在当时看来颇具试验意味的电力机车牵引系统。
其间，在末期，赛汗比勒格已成为蒙古青年联盟乌兰巴托委员会的书记及主席。
He was the host of The World Game on SBS television.
雲龍出版社。2005年9月1日。
He was born in Leighton, Cheshire.
The condition affects many females.
Returning to Japan in November she was again fitted with more anti-aircraft guns.
Grubun lideri Çavuş Cormack (Russell Richardson)'dan emir alırlar.
When Montgomery was 14, her mother discovered the abuse.
However, when the sarcophagus was complete, Hatshepsut decided to have a new one made for herself.
The museum was opened in 1934.
Eating potassium iodate makes the thyroid full of nonradioactive iodine and prevents radioactive iodine from going in. It lasts longer than potassium iodide.
藉由改變凝膠對於水氣的接受度才能改善毀壞的現象。
They say that lying is sometimes "permissible or even commendable".
一年後梅爾維爾找到他的船隻和遺體，是次旅程奪去19人性命，以及一名失蹤的搜救隊員。
選舉結果以得票1,637票，得票率0.
，漫畫版擁有全宇宙最強嗓門的「怒吼」，身為破壞神很喜歡會吹捧自己的人們，其實是很懶惰的破壞神，因為破壞星球很麻煩所以不太想做。
They hold their egg balls to their tail ends by using their silk.
A study published in 2005 estimates that there will eventually be up to 4,000 additional cancer deaths related to the accident among those exposed to significant radiation levels.
That year, he attempted to win his sixth but became a victim of violence.
This apparent retrograde motion, however, is seen because the Earth is moving.
This makes it possible to directly connect SATA or USB drives externally, with only one cable.
Reznor makes groups of backing musicians (people who play for concerts).
，A與B之間可能存在某種遠距離的相關性，
She later acted in stage and theater.
Assuming command, he moved through the rice paddies, without cover.
Conron trained Sultan for eighteen months until he was ready to be a good service dog.
A flying neckbreaker is a type of neckbreaker where the wrestler jumps from a higher position, usually the second turnbuckle, grbas the opponents neck in midair and takes them down with a neckbreaker.
由于雨季多雨，墙身的防水防潮也极为重要。
游戏还有无线和社交媒体功能，玩家可以通过无线连接和其他玩家对战激战徽章，游戏还能连接玩家的社交媒体应用，并像游戏中扫描非玩家角色那样显示出来 。
She saluted the judges and left the floor without even turning to see the damage.
Edebiyat alanında geçimlerini sağlayamadıklarından, özel öğretmenlik veya papazlık yaparak edebi mesleklerine katkıda bulunmaya çalışmışlardır.
我并没有反对（党和政府），只是我参加过三区革命就被戴了帽子。
Class I railroads are some of the most efficient kinds of transportation.
It is about convert away from Mirzapur.
Many people missed the original, smaller Mustang.
In the commercial, a hand unthreads a manila envelope and slides out a MacBook Air, then opens it to wake it from sleep.
His plans were rejected, partly because property owners insisted on keeping the sites of their destroyed buildings.
The festival is at the end of April each year.
It is the highest grossing Singaporean film of all time.
中世纪中期，法国北部沿海地区长期出现海岸线侵蚀，包括加来在内的多个地区遭受到了破坏，公元997年，
Turnuvada İran takımından Saeid Rajabi 16 golle turnuva gol kralı oldu.
Dominican amber differentiates itself from Baltic amber mainly by being nearly always transparent, and it has a higher number of fossil inclusions.
The causes of ice ages are complex, or hard to understand.
。1月15日，在首爾歌謠大賞獲得本賞。2月15日，公開TWICE於日本出道每個成員的吉祥物。2月26日的日本金唱片，分別以首張正規專輯《BDZ》和單曲〈Candy Pop〉獲得了「Best3 專輯」和「年度下載歌曲」兩項殊榮。
His boys' books were hugely popular.
However, smog is extremely common and there is poor visibility throughout the city after rain-less days.
It is bestowed on members of the United States armed forces.
She continues to work as a novelist and playwright.
He also was a judge on Benzemez Kimse Sana.
Hunter began the 2004–05 season, by reaching the semi-finals of the Grand Prix, where he lost 3–6 to Ronnie O'Sullivan.
Aias ve Antigone'yi, Oidipus Kolonos'ta ile Filoktetes'ten önce sahneye koydu.
This medicine sticks to cyanide, and never un-sticks.
That is, what is on the other side of the object can be seen through it.
Arpitanca, dışa her ne kadar kapalı bir dil olsa da, kimi önemli şair ve yazarların yetişmesinde önayak olmuştur.
In 1798, Thurgau was occupied by French troops, along with much of the rest of Switzerland.
Mann married musician Michael Penn in 1997.
Belediye sınırlarının geri kalan yönlerinde (batı, güney ve doğu) komşu devletler bulunur.
Krishnappa stayed with the Congress Party (India) for almost three decades, left the party, and joined the Janata Dal (Secular) in the lay-in to the Assembly elections after he was denied the ticket.
It had a shorter range, and a smaller bomb load, than its sister bomber the B-24 Liberator, but it had more defensive armament.
In 516, the Rouran defeated the Tiele.
They are often not allowed to make choices about their own lives and are not considered a full part of society.
André Quilis (28 October 1941 – 19 November 2020) was a French rugby union player.
The four of the oblast's historical-cultural sites were nominated for the Seven Wonders of Ukraine competition in 2007: Palanok Castle, Museum upon the Chorna River, Mykhailiv Orthodox Church, and the Nevytsky Castle.
He thought that some people would come and poison his food.
Küçük lenfositlerden zengin olduğu için medulladan daha koyu boyanır.
The Navajo language uses the ABCs, just like English.
狄迪瑪（Didyma）而來，當地有個很大的阿波羅神廟。
The Fal estuary is a classic ria, or drowned river valley, caused by rising sea levels.
He is the fourth and current Archbishop of Louisville, Kentucky since 2007.
，在7000米的深海中與飞天荷兰人號相遇，初代船長名字是范德·戴肯。
The Division Series was implemented for good in 1994.
It is often shortened to SzPD or SPD.
It wasn't until 20 years later that they finally managed to take over the citadel too.
The army stayed close to Lawrence until October 1857.
PERS was identified in the Venona files as part of the group of four Soviet spies (of which only 3 had been identified) who infiltrated the Manhattan Project.
She was selected Best Eleven in 1990 season.
The award was then stopped, making Gaze the only ever person to win the award.
In 1987, the club played at Campeonato Catarinense Second Division, and won the promotion to the First Division.
'nun teknik danışmanları arasında yer almıştır.
之后，奥美蒂是个三型机器人的事实被发现，而随着警察对她的追捕，她开始隐藏其行踪。
In 2007, 2835 people lived there.
The M16A1 can shoot semi automatic and fully automatic fire.
These would play a decisive role against Antigonus at the Battle of Ipsus in 301 BC and against Lysimachus at the Battle of Corupedium in 281 BC.
One of the most commonly outsourced professional service, information technology (IT) represents the wide range of services.
He performed the Mongolian morin khuur and throat singing.
This movie was released during February of 1991.
看到美女雷梅迪奧斯的外國男人的反應。
Section 101 sets up an Inter-State Commission, a body which is no longer exists, but which was meant to have a significant role in the federal structure.
He is mocked by the High Priest.
坑底表面散布着一些细小的陨坑及一组突出的月溪系统。
羅香林的最重要著作是《客家研究導論》（1933），該書首次建構了「
She was born in Istanbull.
They also agreed that each college should have three students on the committee.
At some point, the co-pilot let his young son enter the cockpit.
In July 2016, al-Nusra formally separated from al-Qaeda and re-branded as Jabhat Fateh al-Sham ("Front for the Conquest of the Levant").
It is also the county seat of Jefferson County.
In 2014, he was ranked 24 in the ArtReview list of the 100 most powerful people of the art world.
The city is between the hills of the "Heuvelrug" and the valley of the river Eem.
新的布局提供了车站两侧各5个月台，除了更简单之外，新的布局还使发车速度从15英里/小时提高到25英里/小时，并与现代机械化设备的维护相适应。
當時崑山腔的吳江派的代表人物沈璟在修改這部作品的字句時，就對湯顯祖的主張不滿，引發論戰。
Drawing of what a Micropachycephalosaurus might have looked like.
We can do the same experiment as above, but with an unbalanced dice.
When the Marines arrived they began engaging the rebel Cacos and in a battle that ended at Fort Riviere, Haiti.
从明初到明末，云南人口由20余万增加到140余万 《明史·志第二十二 地理七》 。
There will be also a tax reduction for people who have bought a new NGV.
These can also be seen in these 4 convex polyhedra with icosahedral symmetry.
By either changing or not changing the wave every time it gets to the top of its wiggle, we can send either ones or zeros.
Many parts of the world suffer from sinkholes which form when karsts are underground.
The chromosomes line up on the cell's equator, or center line, and are prepared for division.
Black Flag was one of the groups that created the hardcore punk style.
Bu alfabeye verilen Futhark adı, alfabedeki ilk altı harfin kullanılmasıyla oluşturulmuş yapay bir addır ve İskandinav mitolojisindeki göksel yaşam kavramını ifade eder.
According to Madame de Genlis, a scent of roses spread across the Place de la Concorde after her execution.
Unlike their previous operettas, Yeomen is darker and more serious in its tone and atmosphere.
He is married to Maureen Edwards.
Super Smash Bros. Melee takes 26 characters from many of Nintendo's series.
You are invited into the King's palace where he kills your sister.
乾隆《曹州府志·卷十三·選舉》：萬曆三十七年己酉科（舉人）……張三傑 觀城人 ，四十一年（1613年）
The grandeur of his funeral showed the great public esteem in which Dorus was held at the time.
The liquid then return to the engine.
David C. Douglas, William the Conqueror; The Norman Impact upon England (Berkeley; Los Angeles, University of California Press, 1964), pp. 221-22 The Danish fleet came back in 1070 this time led by King Swen.
Ranke was a firm believer in historicism.
Often Qahwa or green tea, is drunk with it or after it, to help digestion.
For example, a scientist knows that the value of the voltage is 20V.
Sociologists also interview people or hold group discussions to find out why people behave in certain ways.
Buretsu was childless; and he became been the last monarch of the first Imperial dynasty of Japan.
Two space telescopes have recently shown something about the nature of the strange filament.
When the leader of the Labor Party, Jim Kennan, resigned from Parliament, Brumby was became the new leader.
A lot of people work in the Air Force base today.
This movie was released on November 3, 1993.
Tracking and firing is similar to the first Rapier.
Bligh spent the next 10 years in the Royal Navy.
Some can however be highly detailed and decorated, depending on the maker's preferences.
Bu sicimlerin çokluğu uzay zamanın ile sicimlerin iki boyutta kazandığı eğri olarak ölçülür.
Rewiti Pomare Kingi "Pita" Paraone main (30 November 1945 – 26 August 2019) was a New Zealand politician.
He was a member of a group called the 'Martians'.
List of acronyms preceding the name of a ship.
It is at 49° 36 North, 05° 39 East.
However, later studies by the von Bloh team said that Gliese 581 c circled too close to the star to be in the habitable zone.
She is the first woman to be president of Marshall Islands.
黄初三年（222），进封为淮南王。
People think Muhammad ibn Abd-al-Wahhab, an 18th century scholar, started this belief.
The following 36 articles either have dated information that does not appear in E15, or undated info that does not appear in E13.
Mezara bunun yerine üzerinde "No.
Five people were killed in the attacks, including the perpetrator, and fifteen were wounded.
Suppose a coach trains long-distance runners for one month using two methods.
The practice of drinking the urine is called urophagia, although this word also applies to non-sexual situations.
It is used to make sure chickens get calcium.
Some people have questioned the sanity of Czolgosz.
Hex is a 1973 American western horror movie.
Ramón wanted to become a professional baseball player, he will have to give up this goal after being shot in a neighborhood brawl when he was seventeen.
此外，唱片公司也趁著歌迷們對於瑪麗亞·凱莉的首張專輯熱度未消，還有強烈的渴望需求之際，採取打鐵趁熱手法，神速推出第二張專輯為歌迷補上全新單曲，這也是專輯《情感》沒有提前廣告造勢的主要原因，因為唱片公司還來不及為它做宣傳。
Twenty-four 16-cells meet at any given vertex in this tessellation.
These rhythmic patterns are also used in interesting combinations.
Other colors are due to host coral pigments, such as green fluorescent proteins (GFPs) Ejection increases the polyp's chance of surviving short-term stress—they can regain algae, possibly of a different species, at a later time.
"No Frauds" became a top 20 hit in the US. citation Minaj took a break from social media at the end of the year to focus on new songs.
It was the most successful of several uprisings which happened in the year 1798.
This species grows to convert in length.
而義大利則是如同1994年時一樣自動棄賽。
为了维护和平，赫斯提亚拒绝两位大神，并且凭宙斯的头发起誓永不结婚，而要把全部精力投入到为民服务中去。
It is gentler and slower than the first movement.
Many chemicals are harmless, but there are some chemicals that are dangerous.
A word can be both a hypernym and a hyponym.
They are often covered in ice or large bumps designed often to challenge skiers.
Tiny Miracle appeared in the pilot.
In the coastal marshes, malarial mosquitoes pose a problem.
The club was founded in 1927.
Stellar flares have also been observed on several of other stars.
;Heat Magnet: A wrestling persona that draws a lot of heat from the crowd whenever cutting a promo or simply making his or her appearance.
It is made of glass.
群魔岛亦是武林一个及其秘密且实力雄厚的宗派。
A half day later, the JMA also downgraded Banyan to a tropical depression.
。2013年1月4日，中国人民解放军军事科学院军事历史和百科研究部成立，曲爱国任部长 军事科学院军事历史和百科研究部成立剪影，军事历史2013年01期 。2017年7月，新调整组建的中国人民解放军军事科学院成立，曲爱国任副院长 citation 。
Clerical inductees of the order may, when officiating, wear over their cassock and surplice a tippet of black with red lining, edging, and buttons, a 76mm wide star worn on the left breast and the accordant badge suspended at the neck.
Gandhi's call for protest against the Rowlatt act got an expected response - of furious unrest and protests.
It was released on January 8, 2010 at the Deauville American Film Festival in September 2009.
」的停車站，其中Marine Liner只在早上及晚間時段停靠。
Walkers will eat any living thing they can catch.
而310省道的编号则被泸州－沐川公路使用，但在2013年至2030年之间的过渡时期，宁南－华坪公路仍将经常被称为310省道。
It can take very fine detail, and is also much easier to work than stone.
The dispatchers send a patrol car in. Just as the police officer is about to leave, McClane drops the body of a dead terrorist on his patrol car.
，“英法友谊的价值比得上十个叙利亚。”
In 1946 he returned to the California Institute of Technology as Professor of Biology and Chairman of the Division of Biology.
Running down the road, they climb onto a moving truck but Scud chases them and Buzz tackles the dog to save Woody.
初回限定盤收入「復活LOVE」，附贈「復活LOVE」的PV、幕後製作花絮影片。
The post that Josh wrote was entirely different from the band's post.
The program then analyses the content, for example to index it by certain search terms.
It is one of the most important cultural monuments in the country.
They also released a first mini album "Tuesday and Thursday".
Marine mammals usually have little or no fur: the fur would become waterlogged.
他一生极多產，其作品以質量俱佳著稱，
His power was severely restricted by the various local leaders.
The Volcani Institute of Agricultural Research (Hebrew: מכון וולקני) is an agricultural research center named after its founder and director Yitzhak Elazari Volcani.
The largest homes in Los Angeles and in the United States are in Beverly Hills.
There will always be pockets of plants not found by herbivores.
Imports from the British kennel clubs, as earlier said, increased, and then after a while, their numbers began rising again.
O'nun ve hemşire Rebecca'nın alacağı cezalar topluluğu da yakından ilgilendiriyordu, çünkü Martha Corey ve Hemşire Rebecca Salem Köyü'ndeki kilisenin tam bir müdavimiydi.
There is occasional banter between it and K-9.
A dilation and evacuation involves two major steps.
It is the administrative center of Ulyanovsk Oblast.
It is the first season of America's Next Top Model to include more than fourteen contestants.
Strebelle was a knwon artist for more than 65 years, and his works are found in private collections and public settings around the world.
Episodes of The Super Amazing Project are not made every week anymore.
Certain people prefer sheepskin condoms over latex ones, because sheepskin condoms can transfer body warmth better.
There are trees surrounded by the place which gives cooling weather throughout the year except for summer.
Palermo Hollywood is the gastronomical heart of Buenos Aires.
槍機尾部是TPG-1的手動保險。
In the jungle where these pyramids were built, the pyramids were so tall that they could be seen above the trees.
His non-fiction books include Quantum Psychology, The New Inquisition (1994), and other volumes of The Cosmic Trigger.
Bu büyük ölçüde daha yüksek erime sıcaklığının bir sonucudur.
The hypnotist simply knows how to guide the subject through trance.
In 1956, a great fire ravished many buildings in Uozu.
The airport is in the town of Okinoshima.
Her üç tür törende de, ziyaret öncesinde Anıtkabir Komutanlığına yazılı olarak verilen metinlerin yer aldığı ve ziyaretçiler ise bu yazılı olan metinlere imzalarını attığı farklı ziyaret defterleri tutulmaktadır.
Kelly and Byrne believed that Sherritt could no longer be trusted.
He was the first cyclist to finish in the Tandem Time Trial Road race.
Families often take a vacation together.
日本主義的風格受到麥金托什的稱許，因為風格內涵收斂、節儉而非炫耀、積累；講求簡單形式及自然材料而非精巧及細工；表現紋理和光影而非花樣和裝飾。
Seal Beach is located in the westernmost corner of Orange County.
現任校長為廖偉強，署理校長為辜升鵬，副校長為陳來發，第二副校长為吳小燕。
佘太君个性机敏、善骑射，文武双全的女将，其不屈不挠的民族正气，汇集成一代忠烈英勇传奇的故事。
The Seattle star:"In Man's Clothes" "Officer tries to arrest her - both fall over precipice into mud".
He played Paul Hudson in The Desert Song.
Shane McMahon came down to the ring and it turned out, Randy had asked for a rematch which Shane gave him.
Conches have a characteristic leaping motion, using their pointed, sickle-shaped, horny operculum to propel themselves forward.
The car had the same qualities as the Rolls Royce, but was a little cheaper.
She won the 2012 Ernst von Siemens Music Prize. citation citation She won a 2019 Berlin Art Prize.
Mignolet began his career at Sint-Truiden in 2004.
在第十三届国会第一次会议上，金大中时隔16年的磨难重返国会讲坛发表演讲。
根據中國官方資料，只計1979年廣州的逃港失敗而被捕入獄者已達5萬，全省（
She has lived there since 2000.
He represented Minnesota's 3rd district.
Three have been elected to two terms.
'da olan balmumu tablette bulunmaktadır.
The painting by Rossetti, 1869 version.
In 2007, 10199 people lived there.
Alice, Hive'da bir klon olduğunu öğrenir.
From 1921 to 1924, they played in the Southwestern League, and in 1925 they played in the Western Association.
Four characters from the original series returned: Doris Luke (Kathy Staff), Jill Harvey (
Horan has also been known for his relaxing, and upbeat style of music.
You announce you just “won The Game”
As a constellation, he comes after the constellation Capricornus just by one month and is south of the constellation Pegasus and north of Pisces, the brightest star in the night sky.
This makes lots of rocks fall down to Veldin.
Anime OVA movies and series released from January 1, 2018 through December 31, 2018.
“200个未来有所作为的新面孔”。 citation 随后相继于1978年战胜詹姆斯·巴克斯特，1984年战胜约翰·巴瑞斯，1990年战胜简·布雷迪，1996年和2002年两次胜过雷蒙德·克莱特沃斯，并且其支持率通常高于60%。
“最佳乐队”奖项以及七项提名。
More than 15 million people watched it.
She was also selected Best Eleven 6 times.
Jerry Langford is the director of the episode.
Knots are often used for binding things together.
It is spoken by more than 18 million people.
Most Malibu residents live within a few hundred yards of Pacific Coast Highway (
One story is the Russian folktale Peter and the Wolf.
He played all eight matches.
该联盟表示，这里并没有自由和公正的选举。
She had made the initial discovery while she was his Ph.
These medication regimens can help HIV-infected people live longer, healthier lives, and can also help prevent the HIV from advancing to AIDS.
梦中的穆德已经老去，但癌人的形象却毫无变化，他告诉穆德，福雷、深喉、萨曼莎和斯嘉丽都已死去，然后看向窗外的满目疮痍，那都是外星人大屠杀留下的惨状。
The first officer is second-in-command of the aircraft, to the Captain who is the legal commander.
'ye dönerek gazeteciliğe ve program sunuculuğa farklı yayın organlarında devam etti.
首爾燈節委員會委員長張炳鶴當場拍案，同意展燈。
Yaz aylarında fazla sıcak olmadığı gibi, kış aylarında da dondurucu soğuklar görülmez.
Nobody knows why exactly, because it was so long ago.
His real name was William Claude Dukenfield and he started his career when he ran away from home at the age of 11.
The promotional video used a softer (slower) version of "Como La Flor".
Each movie that was on CED was about $15 to $35 depending on the length of the movie.
He tries to run away but collapses in front of Helen Phillip's car.
This made rail travel very inconvenient.
He got his acting aducation from Mimar Sinan University.
They can smell carcasses that are often left by polar bears as far away as 10 to 40 km.
A medicine with a wide therapeutic index (greater than five) does what people want it to do and does not necessarily put the organism in danger.
'Düğmelere tıklayarak sütunları ayrı ayrı alfabetik sıraya sokabilirsiniz.
这封信是对要求他停止游行示威的白人牧师的回应。
They see Taiwan as a base from which the ROC will take back control of the mainland.
，開設新店，面積約1,000平方呎。
新印象派引起類似的反應，精心計算規律性筆觸被視為過於機械化 citation 。
After healing for a few minutes, the Medic is able to use an Übercharge, which makes him and his heal target invincible for a few seconds.
Neravy commune is one of the 5 communes in Karaikal district.
專輯中也收錄了樂團創作過最長的歌曲《Exist》，時間是15分鐘41秒。
Various things lead to children working.
They can also wave by moving their hand up and down.
The bharal has horns that grow upwards, curve out and then towards the back, somewhat like an upside down mustache.
This time, they had to bet money on each guess (example: $200 higher than a 2).
They say the people at that periods of time painted things differently.
Jerome Bob Traxler (July 21, 1931 October 30, 2019), was an American politician and lawyer.
As of 2010, the CDP has had a population of 49,914 people.
This description incidentally illustrates the difficulty of describing body movements in print.
道光二十年（1840年），张衍熙矣中式武进士，以营守备用，
This caused each brand to have its own top championship once again.
On September 1, It became Tropical Depression Nine while west of the Cape Verde islands and strengthened into a tropical storm later that day, when it was given the name Ike.
Most of them are colorless.
Cholera still affects many people throughout the world.
After his loss in the 2002 presidential election, he immediately announced his retirement from politics.
，直至1964年初改稱為報案室。
創新館鄰近P座，外表形似玻璃屋，為展示學校科研成就的中心，務求讓訪客瞭解相關成果為社會帶來的實用效益，進而與有關方面促進更多合作和發展。
'la birlikte Anadolu turnesine çıktı.
In the southern transept located on the wall are also the paintings of Duke Christian Ludwig von Mecklenburg (died 1692), Duke Adolf Friedrich I von Mecklenburg (died 1658) and of his wife Anna Maria von Ostfriesland (died 1634).
When these consonants are combined with the vowels that are already written, they are called syllable rhymes.
，随即切腹自杀，浅井家宣告灭亡（
He was a collector, art historian and museum curator.
Mavi cam sadece mavi katmanı, kırmızı cam ise kırmızı katmanı görmeyi sağladığından, zihinde 3D bir görüntü canlanmaktadır.
，最大載重可達159g而不影響正常射擊。
The Saint Thomas church also houses medieval stained glass in its windows, although Protestants destroyed parts of it in the early years of the Reformation.
Selected speeches of His Imperial Majesty, Haile Selassie First, 1918-1967. at p.317,p.327 之后，在各地招募义勇军，筹集粮食，进行战争的动员。
He won the Nordic Council's Literature Prize in 1973.
After India’s independence in 1947, Madras Presidency became Madras State.
博古读后勃然大怒，并起草《中央局关于闽粤赣省委的决定》，指责罗明为主的“机会主义”（罗明主义），
On envelopes and postcards there are often four square boxes printed in orange ink at the bottom right for the postcode numbers.
十羰基二锰的分子结构中只有端基配位的羰基配体，不存在桥基羰基配体。
She has published twelve citation books, including four New York Times number one bestsellers.
航渡中，前锋护航船队与两艘國軍軍舰遭遇，左翼护航船队与三艘國軍軍舰遭遇，展开激烈海战。
、Facebook、Twitter上觀看直播影片的極右人士紛紛慶祝。
Sayaka Maizono, Ultimate Idol: The main vocalist of a popular 5-member idol group.
按惯例，最靠近潘涅库克环形山的卫星坑在月图上以字母标注在该坑中心点的旁边。
Philip William Noel (born June 6, 1931) is an American politician.
It is a fast and agile animal.
Kirby also has the ability to transform.
This list of capitals includes the Imperial palaces names in parentheses.
A period is sometimes used to show that a word has been made shorter.
The city is said to be as City of Festivals almost all the days in year is having at least a small festival.
He is then made as a bait, as King expects the western pack to come for Runt.
It is about convert north-east of Melbourne.
These voices often say unpleasant things to the person.
，只是使用的車子不是的士，而是普通轎車。
His first couture fashion show was in 1997.
Clapping produces a small small red ring and a bigger green one.
They also ate wild boar, beef, sausages, pork, lamb, duck, goose, chickens, small birds and fish.
Health and History, Vol. 12, No. 2, 2010, p. 79ff " 'Watch out for these KILLERS!': Newspaper Coverage of the Sydney Funnel Web Spider and it s Impact on Antivenom Research."
The magazine is also known as Shonen Jump, Weekly Jump, or Jump.
It can be as simple as a wrestler going after someone's bad leg or trying to hit a move to which the wrestler knows they have a weakness.
And does this happen in most months.
He co-wrote movies with Sethu as a writer.
帆船赛通常在十月的第一个周末举行，持续3天时间，历年参加的帆船数量在20艘左右。
It was built in 1941.
The player will meet several companions who will join him in his quest depending on his alignment and on the gender the player has chosen for his character.
BMI is useful for governments who want to know about the health of their people.
The subtropical highland climate (Cwb and Cwc) is sometimes considered a subtype of the oceanic climate.
It is the most popular and famous Nine Inch Nails album.
As of 26 May 2014, it has been downloaded more than 50,000 times.
Although Medals of Honor can be presented only to members of the U.S. armed forces it is not required to be a U.S. citizen.
Her mother was an organist and music teacher."
Bundan sonra Jonathan ve Andrew'un da peşine düşer.
I know that death upset a lot of people!"
For the most part his rule has been considerably milder.
Acacias are heavily defended against herbivores.
，官颍州长史，天保五年（554年）正月，
Mısır ileri gelenleri yeni sultanın amcası olan Efdal bin Selâhaddîn'in Suriye'de idare tecrübeli ve daha yakın akrabalığı olması yüzünden onu Mısır sultan naibi yapmaya karar verdiler.
His second album Saul Williams was released in 2004.
The man is kissing the woman, who has green hair.
In 2007 the British Biochemical Society was given a grant by the Wellcome Trust to catalogue and preserve the 35 laboratory notebooks in which Sanger recorded his remarkable research from 1944 to 1983.
Bank accounts can also have a domestic bank account identifier.
They could be critical without fear of punishment.
Using Veritaserum, a truth potion, they learn that Barty Crouch Sr. rescued his son from Azkaban as a favour to his dying wife: the Crouch Jr. who died in Azkaban was his mother, disguised under Polyjuice Potion.
As they dry the scales naturally open, and any animal can get at the seeds.
His first team appearances were limited thereafter, but he remained a signed player and his final club match was in September 1980.
Before the 1974 election, governors and lieutenant governors were elected on separate ballots.
He is not as brave as Cecilia, but he still has a good heart (he helps the Hills, and feels sorry for his sister).
见“Privilege Constants”。
He made the palace far larger, building things such as tennis courts and jousting yards.
A flying disc is a flat round object with a thick rim.
加装工程原计划于2013年完成，但安装完成后仍需时间进行调试 citation ，因此直至2015年6月屏蔽门才正式开始运行 citation 。
Brown's raid was ended in less than an hour by Lee.
This is because the questioner has signalled what answer is expected.
他是俄羅斯國家橄欖球隊的一員，
This period started in October 1256 and ended in March 1257.
The last subject is foreign countries.
's home stadium in Turin was goalless at half-time.
She was born in Bourges, France, and died in Paris.
The national flag of India the top band of Saffron color, indicating the strength and courage of the country.
İlçemiz bol kaynak suları, günü birlik piknik alanları, doğal plajları, enfes deniz ve doğa manzaralarıyla gözde turizm merkezi olmaya adaydır.
However, electrons can move through solid walls.
The 737-800 is a longer version of the 737-700.
Dingos are protected in national parks and reserves.
She tells Smiley that she got a letter from a reader, Stella Rode.
This is mainly on quiet, country lanes.”
When he breaks his thumb during the singles final round of the World Gaming Pro Championship, his sponsors withdraw every free item that he was given upon cutting all ties with him, and he starts school again.
Lt. Thomas Evans R.N., asked for a light on the island in 1816.
He was to become "legendary as a UK club act, known to deliver 110% at every performance."
The storm died out several hours later.
'a seyahatlerinde pasaport gerekmez ve sadece yerli ulusal kimlik kartlarını kullanabilirler.
舅母︰劉氏、劉氏，兩名劉氏是姐妹關係。
Harvard University Press All organisms are bound together in the struggle for existence by complex relationships between each other.
，而且兩者都是由繞著中心軸旋轉的圓輪組成。
He once built a tractor from scratch with the help of his father.
Porridge is also given to people who are ill because it is nourishing and easy to eat.
The seal of the artist is shown here.
The illustrations were drawn by John Leech.
Battles are not random - they are supposed to occur at specific points in the game, although some are avoidable if the player goes down certain gameplay routes.
Still others died in forced marches from one camp to another.
Tim Agnello was later replaced with Gary Holt who has stayed in the band since.
Osbourne was very drunk, and had fallen asleep during the audition.
，林蛙一般會由10月下旬至1月冬眠，並於2月才起來。 citation 在更為惡劣的地區，
Aside from the lake's influence, overnight lows in downtown Milwaukee year-round are often much warmer than suburban locations because of the urban heat island effect.
You can find urban and crazy sculptures too.
市中心包含7個附屬區域，這7個區域為main、絲絲（Cecil）、main、麥士威（Maxwell）、菲立（Phillip）、
如此可以看出它和算幾不等式 的相似處。
但是仁宗氣極敗壞，數日後病崩。
In both games he played midfield, this is in contrast to his 'right back' role for his club side, Manchester United.
This edition was started in December 2001.
She is also very good at karaoke.
The subject of Faust occupied Goethe all his life.
An Ambulance match is fought under hardcore rules; the only way to win is for a wrestler to force their opponent into the back of an ambulance and close the door.
整篇文章簡述了朱熹對古賢的看法，日後白鹿洞書院講學亦大致依從此中方針。
The city status was lost in 1840 when the city corporation was abolished.
In the west it is called “Sukiyaki”, in the east it is called “Gyunabe”.
米尼亚卢-努瓦耶站门口可停靠少量社会车辆。
But this did not get them the support of all planters in the South.
Fazıl Küçük Oyunları Gençler Basketbol Turnuvası'nda Efes Pilsen'i 64-54 mağlup ederek şampiyon oldu.
墓室北部有一座石棺床，棺床上方安置有一口保存完好的木棺。
An Gof is recorded to have said before his execution that he should have "a name perpetual and a fame permanent and immortal".
Her father, Dr. Charles Burney and her mentor, Samuel Crisp stopped her from writing a play for the stage, to be titled The Witlings.
As of Government of India 2014 data, Viluppuram had a population of 121198.
It is similar to a third century AD work by Heron of Alexandria.
Archbishop of Uppsala from 1747 until his 1758 death.
Complete skeletons were discovered in 2001.
In response to the demand for business-grade IM and the need to ensure security and legal compliance, a new type of instant messaging, called "Enterprise Instant Messaging" ("EIM") was created when Lotus Software launched Lotus Sametime in 1999.
Feeling hurt, she makes out with Puck to hurt Finn back.
The format uses qin notation with staff notation and/or jianpu notation.
Thus, Lincoln did not have authority to free slaves in those states, and so this Proclamation was not applied in those states.
He is also found dancing in a ballet-style skirt from time to time, which is also often worn by Laa-Laa.
塞尔达传说系列电子游戏系列的主要反派角色。
İkinci mekanizma ise, p-ksilene dönüşüme sebep olan zeolit kanalları içindeki reaktif komponentlerin davranışlarıdır.
Erkek ve dişi kuş ile genç kuşlar benzer renklere sahiptir.
Ecology and population dynamics of the pygmy marmoset, Cebuella pygmaea.
Hep yedek beklemekte fakat forma şansı bulamamaktadır.
和军方失去联系后带领部下继续和拉达姆展开Orbital Ring的争夺战。
Since 1940, it has become very Republican.
Abyss got one more title shot in the King of the Mountain match at Slammiversary.
The Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs runs it.
In 1958, he began the first of a number of worldwide tours in which he began to teach the TM technique to people around the world.
Symptons include ear wax, ear-ache and headaches.
Diagram of the battle of Bannockburn-second day.
ESX服务器使用了衍生自史丹佛大学開發的SimOS核心，該核心在硬件初始化后替换原開機的Linux内核。
Each squadron is commanded by a subordinate admiral.
緩降每下降一格拿一分；瞬降每下降一格拿兩分。
Eventually, the two zoos agreed the female should come to Changsha and that they would divide up and share the baby turtles.
She is held in his camp, and grows to love him.
右三十六部尊經符圖，金書玉字，凝結三洞飛玄之氣，五合成文，文彩煥耀，洞照八方。
The term "regular icosahedron" generally refers to the convex variety, while the nonconvex form is called a great icosahedron.
This part has not been found.
Deliveries by destroyers on 14, 20, 21 and 24 September brought food and ammunition as well as 280 men from the 1st Battalion, Aoba Regiment, to Kamimbo on Guadalcanal.
Nearby, 3 km distant, is Slatiňany known for its horse breeding.
文化公車開辦初期，一般評語不錯。
She was the face of the cosmetics brand BeYu.
Roger Rabbit won the Saturn Award for Best Fantasy Film, as well as Best Direction for Zemeckis and Special Visual Effects.
Kuzey New Mexico’da bulunan bazı vakaların kökenleri eski İspanyol yerleşimcilere kadar tespit edilebilmiştir.
移动通信网覆盖总人口的85%。
Most kafanas feature live music.
The population was 2,304 at the 2010 census.
There are several underground mine fires burning throughout the world.
Krauss focused on raising awareness of the global problem of endangered languages.
İlerleyen yıllarda üretim ve pazar payını arttırdı.
Zanatta was featured in the 2018 documentary El pueblo soy yo.
However, this does not necessarily imply that the Japanese are more affluent.
He directed, wrote and starred in many movies.
Kasparov was also one of the founders of The Other Russia, an opposition coalition which unites many left and nationalist politicians.
This is because of the natural hot water suitable for baths that still exist in today's oldest settlement, Gornji Šeher/Upper Seher.
Klein ile Born ilişkisi daha sorunlu oldu.
》（Pitch Perfect 3）上映。
The Olympics were highly successful financially as they brought in million-dollar profits.
It has around 1,274 undergraduate students.
尤其是在麦库尔的妻子告诉他，这其实是巨人的孩子后，盖尔开始感到恐惧，并匆忙撤回苏格兰，并毁坏了堤道，所剩的残余就是今天的巨人堤道。
Although faced by some of the difficulties, Iqbal followed this plan.
Most of the social sciences require doing a lot of research, such as making surveys.
This process used to be used to get oxygen from the air.
，刘琼重返电影界，在中央电影企业股份有限公司二厂、
Hell Bent for Leather is a 1960 American western movie directed by George Sherman and was based on the 1959 novel Outlaw Marshal by Ray Hogan.
Robin Santos Doak, William McKinley (Minneapolis: Compass Point Books, 2004), p. 6 McKinley started the presidency in 1897 and he left his presidency in 1901 which is just after the 19th century.
Alcindor also got a degree in history.
Edwards taught the sermon many times.
In 2001 there were 228 people living in Pentlow.
Physiotherapists use exercise, hands-on technique, patient education and various modalities.
It is uncertain whether Oswiu (who was Athelwald's uncle) installed him as king or whether Athelwald took the kingship in opposition to Oswiu.
，晚上十一時許，一輛行走69M線往荔景（南）方向的利蘭奧林比安（S3BL288，車牌號碼DY9392）在青山公路—藍地段近泥圍遭一輛挖泥車吊臂撃中車頂，整個上層全毀，6人受傷。
When the updraft gets stronger, so does the thunderstorm.
构图集中在教堂的尖顶，前景是Groenburgwal运河。
They were renamed in 2003 and split in 2005.
'ne ihtiyaç duymadan görünmez olabilir.
George B. Kerferd (1836-1889) lived in Beechworth and became a Premier of Victoria.
Punk defeated The Undertaker in the match to retain the World Heavyweight Championship.
，共斩1万馀级和特勒1人，俘获俟斤阿史德乌没啜。
They work together to provide the up-to-date information for the use of IT in teaching and learning.
The number of red roses given has a special meaning as well.
Watson, M. (1994) "Storytelling" in Horton, David (1994) The Encyclopedia of Aboriginal Australia: Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander History, Society, and Culture Aboriginal Studies Press.
The departing flight from the capital Tehran to Mashhad in northeast Iran was done with 160 passengers on Monday, and the return flight carried 171 passengers.
She appeared in more than twenty movies from 1950 to 1964.
The fruit grows on these stalks.
An emulsion is what you get when you put two or more liquids together and the two liquids do not mix.
Between 1670 and 1900 scientists discussed the nature of light.
Some people wanted to remove the building, but others wanted to keep it.
Australia Council for the Arts (31 October 2007).
She said that the use of torture had not made the world a safer place, adding that the use of water-boarding by the United States was a "profound mistake" and as a result America lost its "moral authority".
每于良宵开宴，垂帘张灯，珠声花貌，艳彻帘外，观者醉心。”
These scribes worked at the different palaces: when the palaces were destroyed, the script disappeared.
Torbay is not a town.
夢庚犯闕，前鋒敗於池州，以書謾曰：「特留池州，以待後軍。
The wing was changed again.
The castle was built in the thirteenth century.
Gruplarını 3. bitiren ülkeler arasında yapılan sıralama sonucunda lider olan ülke elit tura çıkmayı hak etmiştir.
The first layer of paint is often an "undercoat" or "ground" which is smooth and sticks very well.
The teams are selected because of good performances in matches.
He was in power for the LEGO president from 1957-1979.
This frog is brown in color with white or orange stripes around its head and front legs.
英國時尚界教父Paul Smith爵士、國際巨星成龍、創新工場李開復先生等皆是重要收藏家。
Doubleday is an American publishing company.
He is known for his soft-spoken voice.
，同時也重申日本必須接受無條件投降的要求 Wilson D. Miscamble.
被阿斯塔和尤諾带走，和尤諾一組負責解決平界精靈族騷亂。
Rostec结合了俄罗斯经济中最重要的企业。
Her ikisi de doğrulama yanlılığı ile beslenir.
In 2010, 407 people lived there.
Taşın bir kısmı 1051'de geri getirilerek yerine konulmuştur.
And they do not sleep in the sukkah.
There are many different kinds of tags, and each one has a different purpose.
It became a city in 1847.
在校期间，他曾是main的总编辑。
Luther said that the idea the money could buy forgiveness prevented people from turning away from sins.
Sonra elinde esir olan Babek'i ve kardeşini tutuklu olarak Samarra'ya getirdi.
His father, Luigi Firpo (1915-1989), was a prominent Italian historian, professor of history of political thought at the Faculties of Law and Political Sciences at the University of Turin, and a member of the Italian Republican Party.
It was a broken broomstick with one string that had been thrown away by another boy.
McPherson was the second highest ranking Union officer killed in the civil war.
十一月初二日生，行二，曾祖曹彥彬；祖曹宥；父曹孟瓚；前母陳氏；吳氏；繼母毛氏。
’ın “Survivor” parçası ile 5.000 kişi arasından seçilince başlamıştır.
It was a class project.
During the war, the Japanese had dismounted a number of their coastal defence 28-cm howitzers and used them to help break their siege of the fortified Russian naval base at Port Arthur.
The first season had on average of 300,000 viewers per episode.
From 1983 to 1987, he was Mayor of Alcalá de Henares.
皇佑四年（1052年）六月，擢樞密副使（差遣） 《東都事略》第六十二卷 《續資治通鑒長編》卷一百七十二 。
The adult female frog is 3.6 to 4.8 cm long.
On 11 August 2009, Lescott asked to move to Manchester City.
Ulanqab, 1 Aralık 2003 tarihine kadar aymak statüsünde olup bu tarihte il düzeyi şehir statüsü almıştır.
For example, Northern Sámi should be spelled Northern Sami.
The second president was Liu Yung-fu, June 5, 1895 – October 21, 1896.
There's an address that says where to send the letter, and a stamp that says how to send it (fast or slow).
I swear by Almighty God to work faithfully for the good of Tunisia, to respect its Constitution and laws, scrupulously to their interests and serve loyally.
Total production for the period 1919-1929 had been 227, 343 oz of silver and 1,795 tonnes of lead.
The sixteenth member is the President of the SUNY Student Assembly.
The Brahminy River Turtle or Crowned River Turtle (Hardella thurjii) is a species of turtle found in northern India, Pakistan, and Bangladesh (in the watersheds of the Ganges, Brahmaputra, and Indus rivers).
There are no road signs in the Netherlands giving distances in fractions of kilometres.
，以眼還眼」，聲稱向八田與一獻祭、慰其在天之靈，「你敢砍我一個，我就砍你無數個！
在2008年時，將大學二字從機構名稱中移除而成現在的名稱：哈佛藝術博物館。
Because of some confusion among the Confederate ranks regarding the orders and very accurate Union artillery fire, all nine were taken out of the battle before Pickett's men crossed the field.
In 2000 they reformed.
Some preserved fruit is heated and then mixed with alcohol (for example, Brandy) and a large amount of sugar.
Çünkü bu sunucular sorulara daha hızlı yanıt verir.
As a company based in China, it is must share data with the Chinese government under the China Internet Security Law and National Intelligence Law.
She stopped performing in the 1950s.
不久之後，其中一名船員死亡，缺乏食物的眾人不情願地抽籤決定同類相食，中籤者就要自殺。
一項關於普通感冒的研究發現，"大量的酒精飲料（每天最多3到4份）與感冒的風險降低相關，因為飲酒與感染後的生病減少相關。
尽管担心欧盟的瘫痪，决策制定过程未曾受到新成员的阻碍，反而助长了机构的立法产出；但本应一致协调的司法和内政事务受到了影响。2009年，欧盟委员会认定：本次扩大是成功的；但只有直到当公众能够完全接受本次扩大的影响，未来的扩大才有可能加快进行。
USA Network began on September 8, 1971 as the Madison Square Garden Network.
This helped the Co-operative Party through the formal election links.
Dave Rollin Smith (October 13, 1940 February 15, 2019) was an American archivist.
When he returned he found his wife having an affair with another person.
It stays hot, so it is popular in winter.
Chigorin gave many lectures, wrote magazine articles and chess columns.
She was born January 2, 1948.
It won a Humane Society competition.
Consequently, some of his ideas have been met with negative reactions.
To note the absence of a vowel, a hôsôntô (্) may be written underneath the consonant, e.g. দ্ d.
What the scans show is the way various brain centres are connected to each other.
They were mostly of light weight construction which also allowed them to go faster.
Lead was used in many red, yellow, and white pigments in paints.
For him, the primary substance was air.
The farthing became obsolete (was no longer used) in 1961 because it was worth so little.
There is nothing especially important about this aspect of the work.
The oceanic whitetip shark is easy to distinguish.
Steve Jocz, Canadian musician (
Her strong character and the very important part she plays in the book make some people think the title should be her name instead of Belinda's.
The locals also called this ground ‘Roses ground’ due to the proximity of Roses English High school.
On September 18, 2008 it was given back to him.
。2001年3月17日，賈蘭坡突發腦溢血，於19日住進了北京醫院神經內科監護室，惜於同年7月8日中午11時44分因腦溢血併發多臟器衰竭病逝，享年92歲。 citation 。
She founded Women in Distress, a shelter for homeless women.
He appeared on a show called Love Letter.
He was nominated for the 2008 World Mayor award.
He played with many of Brazil's greatest musicians across many decades and featured on numerous important recordings.
On the eve of Barkha and Dev's wedding, Barkha, wishing to help Radhika, lies to Radikha that she has told Dadaji about what happened 12 years ago and Dadaji has accepted her and will let her become Dev's wife.
The total length of the Chenab is about 960 kilometres.
对于70周岁及以上的老年人，持夕阳红卡者可免费乘坐地铁，对于60至69周岁老年人，持关爱卡乘坐地铁享受半价优惠。
The Territory was governed like how the Indiana Territory was governed.
They were larger than those above.
They were finally protected by the international community in 1966.
A wavelength is the length of the shortest repeating part of a "
In later years she volunteered at the Florida Museum of Natural History.
Joshua William Dun (born June 18, 1988) citation citation is an American musician.
屋中的黑仔聽到了這些情況，下定了決心，犧牲自己為兄弟們爭取一個活下去的機會。
There were 23,824 housing units at an average density of 58 per square mile (22/km²).
Apple IIc在1984年4月至1988年8月的生产期间有些微小的修改，包含3次的ROM升级、对主板缺陷的修正、新修改的主板及微小的外观修改。
It was released on 27 March 2020.
Senato dolaylı olarak bölgelerden atamayla teşkil edilen bir yapı oldu.
In the beginning of his 8th season with the team, he had his career ended.
Chemical bonds are negatively charged electrons that are pulling protons into each other.
Devlet üniversitelerinde öğretim üyelerinin çalışma şekilleri zaman zaman tartışma konusu olmuştur.
On October 4, 2020, Toomey announced that he will not run for re-election to a third term in 2022 or for Governor.
Aynı şekilde, düzenli varfarin tedavisindeki hastalarda günde 20 mg omeprazol tedavisi, pıhtılaşma zamanını etkilemez.
Students are divided into six House Groups.
Storm notices and warnings were activated from the Philippines to Vietnam and China.
Voltaj düşüşü nedeniyle, aktif olmayan iletken USB kabloları yalnızca maksimum 3–4 metre uzunluğunda olabilir.
This form of government allowed the Zhou rulers to control more area.
Finials are the decorative top of the pinnacles or towers.
He died in Santa Barbara, California.
" and "La Bruja" in Coco Live at the Hollywood Bowl.
東洋橡膠公司將更新領導階層，同時加緊更換抗震裝置，以做出補償。
Amo Kharal and his assistant, Sarang, were both killed, fighting bravely.
Omniverse manipulation/Absolute Manipulation/Meta Manipulation/Preservation: As the preserver, Vishnu can control anything and everything.
This is sometimes called a cocktail or AIDS cocktail.
以下列出了星和集团所拥有的子公司： citation （英文）
They are found in the canopy of trees.
It includes the eagle-owls (
Adults make less lactase.
The next Earl (the 7th generation), Robert, fought against Henry III and Tutbury Castle was destroyed.
Although this team has not been as successful as Penske's IndyCar program, it has had some big wins.
The first USS Buck (SP-1355) was later renamed to USS SP-1355.
It is part of the Koppal district.
Otto Frank then decided to publish her diary to commemorate her.
禪那一詞具雙重含意：一，指一種境界而言，
The female lays eggs on plants underneath the water.
在1999年，這種步槍開始被HK G36E突擊步槍逐步取代。
）联合开设的一年制IFY英澳预科班，
尽管JSoar通常不会反映Soar的C / C ++版本的最新发展和变化，但它紧密遵循密歇根大学的架構实現。
Béziers was the first place to be attacked.
After becoming stronger a bit more and having the National Hurricane Center look at the storm closely, it was named "Andrea" on May 9 after the NHC discovered that the system had a closed low-level spinning and looked subtropical.
由於喜歡閱讀的關係，所以希望成為羅潔梅茵或艾薇拉的專屬文官，從事印刷業的工作。
He has a hope that when Manu officially becomes the Fairy Godmother of the Kingdom, she will turn him into a handsome, easy-living prince.
各种种子也被放入时间舱中，包括小麦、玉米、燕麦、烟草、棉花、亚麻、大米、大豆、苜蓿、甜菜、胡萝卜和大麦。
It aired its last episode on May 25, 2012.
He then studied at Lycée Sainte-Marie Grand Lebrun in France as a philologist.
The AFC have agreed to the proposal for switching the tournament from under-16 to under-17 starting from 2022.
Mustafa I succeeds Ahmed I as Sultan of the Ottoman Empire.
Natural rubber melts in heat and freeze in the cold.
They have their own names, but most of people called them as Nang Songkran or the Songkran Ladies and they ride on the animals.
"The Canary Islands and the Question of the Prime Meridian: The Search for Precision in the Measurement of the Earth", Wilcomb E. Washburn.
專輯也特別收錄了三首Ella演出的戲劇歌曲，包括電視劇《
It was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America.
This was done in the Netherlands, where many areas are below sea level.
Although the Fords' location was terrible, within a year, the modeling agency was the second or third most successful in the United States, grossing $250,000.
一年後亨格比轉投當時屬英超的高雲地利。
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune said that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the start of combat.
Ash Williams reads from the Necronomicon Ex-Mortis and summons Deadites, including one who takes over Ash's hand.
Despite Gormley's plea, removal of B of the Bang began in April 2009. citation More substantial hoarding was erected around the site and demolition firm Connell Bros Ltd. began removing the spikes with oxyacetylene cutting equipment.
然而，在1999年時，16歲的劉歡緣在全國冠軍賽中已排名第4。
They were the major predators of their day.
Other endings are studied according to the pieces on board other than kings, e.g. rook and pawn versus rook endgame.
Their tamga (tribe symbol) is identical to the modern day Kyrgyz tamga.
主要方法是首先通过水合甲醛（甲二醇，HCH(OH) 2 ）
After the war he worked for the Ministry of Information.
She was one out of seven kids.
In 2008, a new road was opened to bypass Osgodby to the south of Scarborough.
They had been captured by Apaches.
Russia's army was also much stronger than Japan's and had very large reserves to replace the soldiers she lost, but Japan had no more men with military training to replace her losses and no money to give new men training.
He won many awards.
A text printed on the back of the album System of a Down reads: "The hand has five fingers, capable and powerful, with the ability to destroy as well as create".
Following a documentary shown on Belgian television, an international campaign for her release began.
In order to preserve chronological evolvements, any postponed matches are not included to the round at which they were originally scheduled, but added to the full round they were played immediately afterwards.
He made a public statement.
In 1828 Daniel Auber, a famous French composer of the time, had composed a very popular opera called La muette de Portici.
，並且在歷史上也廣泛用作顏料。
He resigned on 31 October 2014 after ruling for 27 years.
It has three grapevines and a ribbon inside.
It was the tallest building in the world for 238 years (1311–1549).
，并将一直收藏的安纳金的光剑交到卢克手中，告诉卢克“是达斯·维达杀害了安纳金”。
The Stann Creek District is home to the Cockscomb Basin Wildlife Sanctuary.
Bu ikinci sedareti elde etmek için ocaklılara 100.000 altın rüşvet vermiş ve yeniçerilere yaranmak için kendisini yeniçeri yazdırmıştır.
It is played by the full quartet, although the clarinet does not play in the central section.
Bir biriktirici orojen oluşturmak için kıtasal bir levhanın altına bir okyanus levhası eklenmesi.
They have a daughter, Bari Najma (born February 22, 2017).
Examples of objects made by sintering.
The attack killed soldiers of the Afghan National Security Forces.
Everything else was the same, except for one group who had to go through an extra, less unpleasant experience at the end.
People may feel like singing for various reasons.
Some small harpsichords were called "virginals", perhaps because they were played by young girls.
's (famous cinema actor, in the middle of the years 1970) and Jhoon Rhee's (Alan Steen's, Jeff Smith's and Gordon Franks's teacher) idea of fighting with protections and gloves, has opened a new way for all the persons who like "real combat".
Without her mother knowing, she began sneaking off to a dance hall wearing a dress she would "borrow" from one of their customers.
Two weeks later at Dan's funeral, Sidney, Jerry, Tom and Randy stand near Dan's grave.
Evey is then shocked to see the Old Bailey be destroyed as V laughs.
He is a member of the Michigan Sports Hall of Fame.
He is a regular reviewer and broadcaster on radio and television.
As well as convert of environmental protection areas.
However, smaller members of the family do hover hummingbird-style to collect nectar from time to time.
天顶号是该设计局在苏联解体前完成的最后一种火箭，由R-36M洲际弹道导弹（
He stated that he would take the Abbey's treasures into safekeeping away from the Normans.
Royal Pain manages to throw Will out of the window.
Marais and his music were featured in the movie Tous les matins du monde (1991).
The main condition for joining FIFA is thus general international recognition as a nation state and membership of the UN.
The Space Needle was made a historic landmark on April 19, 1999, by the City's Landmarks Preservation Board.
Innovation may refer to one of the following.
As a lawyer, he fought to end segregation between blacks and whites.
組織對伊斯蘭教自有一套自由色彩的演繹 citation 。
In 2010, he released an album titled I'm New Here.
Duncan as the first fairy in A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Muhammed "Ben okuma bilmem." dedi.
His only friend is a dragon named Elliott.
This is a clearing at the south-eastern end of the range that contains a soakage.
Drake is present in both versions of the video.
Samuel Aruwan (born 10 May 1982) is a Nigerian journalist and the current Commissioner for Kaduna State Ministry of Internal Security and Home Affairs.
Together, the Three Cities have a total population of 10,808 people as of March 2014.
It was ordered by King Æthelberht of Kent.
This is because full genome sequencing can reveal personal information like race, sex, and genetic history.
" and it referred especially to chieftains set to rule a territory in a king's stead.
This reaction makes the dark green oil.
當他的兩名弟弟逝世後，斯特凡三世試圖擴張其公國因而引起他的侄子的不滿。
It is well below sea level, with its surface elevation at convert, and its deepest part is convert deep.
離開劇院後，用一個金幣才找到馬車，本應只需坐２個小時的車程，因惡劣天氣，而用兩倍時間才來到。
这些要塞的建筑、维修，它们不断要有人驻守，这些花费与它们的军事作用相比完全是不相称的。
It is useful when a cartoon or movie involves moving figures or objects.
They explore ideas, art, even the very nature of life.
The first step, that is to say the pidgin is called Lenguaje de Signos Nicaragüense (LSN) today.
Does the difference between academic qualifications matter?
He was chosen Finland's Player of the Year in 1949, 1950, and 1952.
The Fall of the Natural Man: The American Indian and the origins of comparative ethnology.
He was the youngest Speaker in Maryland history.
Their most obvious distinction from other insects is in their flight.
Aynı top Alman Leopard 2A5 tankında da kullanılmaktadır.
Twenty-one of his albums reached the country top ten from 1964 to 1976.
These lights are about 100 years old.
睿宗立，检校左金吾卫大将军，出为幽州刺史，遥兼单于大都护，迁司空。
'ne bağlı askeri görev yapılanmasıdır.
强子量能器在测量能量吸收以及能量分布位置（大约只能精确到0.1弧度）這两個方面的精确度都稍低。
其中一层中部候车厅通高，并在南北两侧阁楼设有商铺；
Once someone has been admitted to the College, they become a member for life.
At the last episode, Chandana recalls her old memories before the accident and when she sees Amloki, she shouts loudly saying "Amloki".
Daryl, Beth'e gülümser ve bunun için daha çok kaçak içkiye ihtiyaçları olacağını dile getirir.
It marks the first time in history a Thai pop artist has made an international tour.
The Queen has nearly no black-lined veins.
Jerome Kern was born into a middle-class family in New York City in 1885.
Bu sayede silah hem topçu hem de havan sınıfı silah olarak her türlü arazide kullanılabilir.
It then exploded and landed on Angel Island, an island that floats in the air.
Lee brought an army into Pennsylvania that numbered 75,054 men and lost 22,638 casualties or about 30% of his army. citation Meade lost so many field grade officers that the Army of the Potomac would not recover for the rest of the war.
The bottom part of the uterus is the cervix.
全县下辖7镇10个乡3个街道办事处，722个行政村。
The nearest airport is the Daoblin airport, goa at a distance of 110 kms from the city.
The ISO 4217 maintenance agency (MA), SIX Interbank Clearing, is responsible for maintaining the list of codes.
However, he is told that he needs to go back to the third grade to be an executive.
The first episode aired in 1999, and Dora the Explorer became a regular series in 2000.
The sole reason for her mother’s existence is Amloki.
Kate Norgate, England Under the Angevin Kings (London; New York: Macmillan & Co., 1887), p. 215 In 1062, when Saintonge was attacked by Count Guy-Geoffrey of Poitou, Geoffrey did nothing to help Fulk and Saintonge was lost.
Marley continues to give John new material for his column by causing havoc on the house and readers loved it.
Certainly he (Crosby) has never had a more facile partner than Kaye against whom to bounce his misleading nonchalance."
Geometry of space frames is often based on platonic solids.
，帮助那里的巴哈伊拓荒者传导信仰。
The mesosphere is the most poorly understood part of the atmosphere.
Chelsea won 5–1 on aggregate.
新當代藝術博物館（New Museum of Contemporary Art）
Liquidmetal 結合了多種在一般金屬中所沒有的特性，因此有廣泛的應用。
Julio Dinero ile kısa süreli bir feud yaşadı.
The show follows the activities of truck drivers which operate on routes that contain frozen lakes and rivers in the remote Arctic territories of Canada and Alaska.
Sprague blamed the swimming for his weight loss, but doctors were puzzled.
Ülkede oluşturulan tribunaux populaires de la révolution adı verilen devrim mahkemelerinde eski siyasiler rüşvet ve hazine paralarının harcanması gibi nedenlerle yargılanarak cezalandırılmıştır.
Mary said "How can this happen?
The event will be part of an ongoing program by the Mobile County Bicentennial Commission to mark similar spots of historical significance throughout the county during the year.
Keçiören Kaymakamlığı verilerine göre nüfusu 20.767 kişidir.
The demand threatened that Paul would be further mutilated unless $3.2 million was paid: "This is Paul’s ear.
If the virtual machine is affected by a virus, the host operating system is unaffected.
Premier Brumby said: "There's no activity, there's no people, there's no buildings, there's no birds, there's no animals, everything's just gone."
For a person to be added to the Hockey Hall of Fame as a player, they must have been retired for a minimum of three years and must be nominated by an elected 18-person selection committee.
She also voices the anthropomorphic cat Cooch on the Crackle series SuperMansion.
This construction will make her land very valuable.
Of his 80 published compositions, nearly half are now available on CD, the most popular being the Overture The Naiades Op 15, the Chamber Trio Op 26 and the Piano concerto No 4 in F minor Op 19.
This is neither complete nor authoritative.
She yearned for The Peanuts and aimed at a singer.
The power of Sikhs continued to increase in the northwestern part of India.
，模組化設計，可依需求使用1到10個阻體。
其生存的海拔范围为-2000至-30米。
He was also involved in the American Philosophical Society, where he was Vice President.
Only logged-in users can create writeups.
，表示這是他看過最成功的賽事之一。
》（1990年）使用了更多的植松乐曲，媒体称赞这是红白机游戏史上最好的原声之一。
Death of an order: a comprehensive molecular phylogenetic study confirms that termites are eusocial cockroaches.
People with acrophobia experience a fear or phobia when they are at a certain height, and they are being made aware of it.
For example, the many vehicles in national parks cause pollution and road damage.
However, shorter players will be quicker in speeding up from a standing start.
İlk maçına 2005 yılında Malatya'da Minikler Türkiye Boks Şampiyonası'nda çıkmıştır.
This is why the instrument has its name.
He had a brother, named Robert Picard.
Lives by C. Manuel, in the Berlin edition of Bitzius's works (Berlin, 1861), and by J. Ammann in vol. i. (Bern, 1884) of time Sammlung Bernischer Biographien.
Meanwhile, the people at the airport are panicked.
此次更名是以港口之名“‘连云’港”为城市之名，但随之产生港口之名变为拗口之“‘连云港’港”。
There are rock cairns and signs that show many of the places he explored.
本分类包括了位于浦东新区的上海市实验性示范性高中（市级），以及浦东新区实验性示范性高中（区级）。
During some shows, it has a shorter newscast that plays at the bottom of some hours.
Muscle ache happens in about half of the cases.
On 8 July 2009 he was made a Privy Councillor.
石坝于1528年建立，长100米左右，用于大运河运来的货物在葫芦湖上换船转运到北京 citation 。
Nhrin güney yakasında yer alan Virginia'nın Caroline bölgesinin tam karşısındadır.
Here are some parts of Lamar.
Therefore, in a highly productive system, direct consumption of dominant plants could indirectly benefit those herbivory-resistant and unpalatable species.
French and Saunders won the Golden Rose of Montreux award in 2002 and in 2003.
Bat-and-ball games are not timed, but are counted (such as by number of "
Dik yamaçlı bu tepenin üzerinde bir kale kalıntısı vardır.
'da "Moğolistan Devriminin Babası" olarak anılmakta ve bağımsızlık mücadelesinin en önemli isimlerinden biri olarak kabul edilmektedir.
'de % 17 puan aldı.
就是要使你知道现在已是万恶军阀总崩溃之一日。
A fire hose is a big flexible tube that is easy to bend.
Oyunun geçtiği bölümler (her farklı oyun sahnesi) için eş zamanlı stratejik plan görünümlü harita özelliği de bulunmaktadır.
一開始，劇情拆分成多條時間線，玩家可以作出決定隨意體驗。
Term, from April to June. citation Within these times, there is a period of 8 weeks called Full Term.
It was the first hit of his career.
It is one of many kinds of cancers of the lymphatic system.
Once this charge is stored in the device, the source of electricity can be removed and the circuit can still be powered from this stored electricity contained in this device, until it is used up.
Therefore, the number of collisions increases.
When he was 13, he surprised his father by how well he drew with the pencil.
过滤类方法也常常用于包装方法的预处理步骤，以便在问题太复杂时依然可以用包装方法。
He was taken to hospital to recover from his injuries.
Solon allowed all citizens to serve in the assembly and help elect leaders.
Mr. Fix it and Suffering Man's Charity.
After the war, she was still interested in computers.
這使盟軍失去一些戰略物資的生產地，這些物質有金雞樹納（抗瘧疾藥之原料）及橡膠。
This caused his family to drop him, and to hand him over to the authorities.
There are some shops which rent bicycles to visitors.
He was the younger brother of actor Robbie Magasiva.
This was to stop cars coasting back to the pits at dangerously low speeds.
Volume 1. The Johns Hopkins University Press, Baltimore, USA and London, UK.
His wife, Alice Finn, died in 1998. citation Since 1956, Finn lived in a ranch in Live Oak Springs, near Pine Valley, California.
For this reason, one gene–one enzyme does not hold in the simple way put forward by Beadle and Tatum.
'la evlenmiş ve bu evlilikten bir kız çocuğu olmuştur (Defne Ilgaz).
In 2014, the model was improved at the front and back, It had a new grille, new bonnet, new bumper and different headlamps.
Each is made in different ways using different ingredients or at different times of the year.
Richard Andrew Gephardt (born January 31, 1941) is an American politician.
Informal logical fallacies: a brief guide.
The Cambridge guide to theatre.
They are seen as a means to help the homeless who usually stay outdoors.
，嘉庆五年八月赏给二品顶戴，二十年六月承袭多罗贝勒，赏戴三眼花翎，道光三年九月管理正红旗觉罗学事物，五年七月授散秩大臣六年二月管理尔翼宗学事务，十年七月管理武英殿事务，十年十一月授正白旗汉军都统，十一年十月授内大臣，十三年十一月管理近支婚嫁事宜，十五年闰六月解去正白旗汉军都统、武英殿事务、近支婚嫁事宜、镶红旗总族长，道光十八年戊戌七月初七日辰时溘逝，年四十岁。
Some walls were painted.
There are four sub-groups within Sunni Islam; Malikis, Hanafis, Hanbalis and Shafi'is.
》的出現，她在劇中揚眉吐氣，角色深入民心，成為其最佳代表作。
The real numbers have a cardinality of —the cardinality of the continuum.
”方面不给欧盟面子，不重视欧盟的存在 citation 。
噴髮膠，又稱啫喱水、定型水、定型液，是美髮產品的一种，
August the Strong gave Hoyerswerda to Katharina of Teschen.
在網吧售賣咖啡後，2009年黃鋒將名稱更名為網魚網咖 。
浮海十餘日，至林邑東南，並山而行。
The holder of the executive power is therefore the Prime Minister, a position he held for 12 years.
Damage from Ike was around $30 billion in the U.S. alone.
Children may enter the Petting Zoo and feed and interact with dwarf goats and doll sheep.
Along the borders with Brazil, to the north, runs the Cuchilla de Santa Ana.
We Came as Romans has six members in the band; the current band members are Joshua Moore, David Stephens, Eric Choi, Brian "Lou" Cotton, Andrew Glass and Kyle Pavone.
This should only be done if the page is in fact semi-protected – adding the template does not in itself protect the page.
There are several mountain chains in the Dominican Republic.
At that time, its name was United Nations International Children's Emergency Fund.
蕙貌臞氣清，持己峻潔，於書無所不讀。
George Reeves played Superman for 102 episodes broadcast between 1952 and 1958.
Engineers who need scale models to test the likely performance of a design at an early stage of development without paying for a full-sized prototype.
Unlike Harry, Nigel has an L-shaped scar on his forehead.
He began his career as a fourth-grade teacher at Israel Putnam Elementary School in Meriden.
，2015年4月23日美國參議院投票，確定提名通過，洛麗泰·
'a seçilmeden önce Nilsson, 2001'den 2006'ya kadar Hylte Belediye Başkanı olarak görev yaptı.
Important issues are decided by the Federation President; lesser powers are given to the member republics.
He was released from his WWE contract on March 27, 2014.
They may also offer money order and wire transfer services.
She died soon after the ship landed.
They did not get their goal in 1970 and New York State allowed abortion but still are around today.
He created the exhibition series of contemporary drawing “Cabinet de Dessin” and a series of thematic exhibitions focusing on an anthropological vision of art like “Domicile – Private/Public” and “Fragile”.
Baudouin'in Haçlı ordusu ile Trablus Düklüğü'ne destek sağlamasını önledi.
Some people swim nude in their own pool or pond.
Megalodon had teeth, which are among the largest ever found, over convert long.
Currently, "Negro" is generally thought to be not offensive when used in a historical way.
在传单中可以找到许多引用的词句“和平的人民！
陛下舍弃此道，使地方大治，可谓爱人，但不是王政的大伦，臣不知道有何可贺。”
The Novice comes back from his flogging.
） 在兼任眾多名譽職中，教育及社福方面佔了很大的比例，
• Revised the rules and applied for re-registration of social organizations.
It declared its independence from Mexico in 1836.
Similar to a live load is it not permanent and may move due to wind causing snow to drift on a roof.
The second generation was made between October 1995 and May 2002 and was sold as a Vauxhall in the UK.
This mussel generally inhabits the upper part of the sublittoral zone.
It is much less reactive than the other manganese fluorides.
Manipuri women have been known for their valor, skill and active involvement in social, economic, political and cultural activities, besides holding almost all the household responsibilities as a mother, wife, daughter, sister and daughter in law.
Lorenzo dissipated later that afternoon as the final advisory was given out.
The béarnais name is Guinarte-Parentias.
How, as it were, they Deprive Man of his Virile Member.
Pontiac has often been imagined by artists, as in this 19th-century painting by John Mix Stanley,.
He introduced so many families to American Popular Song highlighting that the books and recordings are available in the libraries.
There he went to a choir school, but soon the choir had to stop.
The History of Painting in Canada: Toward A People's Art Toronto, New Canada Publications, 1974.
One of them asked Władysław, how to recognise a German.
When the car hits the gravel surface (this is the medium) on an angle, the tire that hits it first will slow, causing it to turn in that direction.
Soon he started his career as conductor in Leipzig.
These drugs enable their users to change their consciousness.
The movement proposed the belief that God is omnipresent, promoted inter-caste and widow remarriage, opposed child marriage and polygamy, and more.
In some courts lawyers are given the chance to interview expert witnesses before they testify.
The median age in the city was 32 years.
It is in Metro Vancouver regional district.
When the gun was used in burst or automatic fire, users were told to use the wooden stock so that they can control the weapon better.
Neosho was hit by seven bombs.
This was about 90 percent of the town.
总面积27平方公里，人口4022人，人口密度149.
Sekiz kilometrelik bir kıyıya sahip olan köyün nehir kıyısındaki tarım arazisi bugün bir kilometre derinliği geçmemektedir.
Tristan da Cunha itself is accessible only by sea via a seven-day sail from Cape Town, South Africa, by landing during the 60 days of the year that the harbor allows for access to the island.
劇集沒有得到好評，並在兩集之後被取消了。
The southeast part of Chang'an District is higher than northwest part.
This table shows how to call dan in Japanese.
I expect that now the preparations for the Paralympic Games will be relaxed and fully dedicated."
David Deutsch has pointed out that the picture of Earth as a friendly "spaceship" habitat is difficult to defend even in a metaphorical sense.
Bicolored Frog (Clinotarsus curtipes), is one of many "true frogs" family.
Use the full citation needed template to add an article to this category.
Another two TV specials set after the end of the third season were released in 2012 and 2015.
Many methods have been developed to initiate Grignard reactions that are slow to start.
All of these men were in touch with genetics.
Walid Hassan Mostafa is the only son of Mr. Hassan Mostafa who was a general manager of the Presidency of the Republic National Councils.
Abby overtakes Sheki for the center spot.
The word ircd once referred to only one piece of software.
Saiyans without tails include Goku, Vegeta, Gohan, Trunks, Goten and Broly.
A new Primark store admits its first customers.
Most stations are named for the nearby road crossed by the line in question.
In March 2018, Smith was widely criticised for overseeing ball tampering in the third Test against South Africa.
This was because of Usher's personal relationship.
Adams was born in Rotorua.
But a rumour says that the real princess was floated away in a casket, and that Mashiro was just a replacement for not finding the real princess.
After World War II he was convicted of slavery and spent 20 years in prison.
A double bar line can be written with one being thicker than the other.
Construction began on May 2006 and was completed in 28 February 2009.
The Ministry of the Interior of Germany is a ministry of the federal government.
He continued to teach there in the Department of Media Study citation as well as work on many notable B&W film image projects with Princess G. St. Mary until his death in 2016.
The problems of master and slave happen when people try to take one without the other.
He was a member of the South Dakota State Senate from 1965 to 1968.
The "United Kingdom" as a name is taken to refer to the kingdom that emerged when the Kingdom of Great Britain and Kingdom of Ireland merged on 1 January 1801.
The stock price of GameStop went up by almost 200 times from its record low, hitting a high of nearly $500 per share on January 28, 2021.
They can do Diels-Alder reactions very quickly.
Greece at the Olympics is a history which began in ancient times.
He began his career in 1955 and resigned in 2005.
Until 1990, the acronym "MLA" ( Member of the Legislative Assembly ) was used.
The contract will show what the person must do as part of his job, how much they will be paid, and so on.
他的音樂無疑反映了他的想法：沒有「音樂」或是「噪音」，只有「聲音」，聲音的組合即可成為音樂性的事件。
所以台北漳泉雙方械鬥時也往往以景美溪為天然界線和戰場。
Norton, 2002 "Aryan" means "noble" in Iranian languages.
Geometrik olarak, üst parantezdeki vergi çizgisi y eksenini -3.000 $ - noktadan (0, -3.000$) geçer - ve 0.3 (%30) eğime sahiptir.
Space Ghost interviews several real people.
These people had guns.
Starship is a rocket with two parts that can be used over and over again.
Western countries also ruled many other countries of Asia, Africa, and South America.
The longest-lived is the Great Basin bristlecone pine, Pinus longaeva.
，迫使士林街焚燒神像一千餘件，規定居民改懸日本神像。
At the theta point, the chain reverts to ideal chain characteristics – the long-range interactions coming from the excluded volume are eliminated.
Ambareesh, was an Indian actor and politician.
The live choir sing "Sanctus!"
Their first song came before their official debut as a group.
，在撤资行动达到最高潮时，也反对撤资行动，
He was given small roles by movie personalities.
She was badly hurt and all her fingernails were broken off.
爱国者军队在这些防御工事前方挖掘出约5.
Seacrest began hosting in 2017.
It is worth noting there is no chemical interaction between the stationary phase and a component.
The dictionary was exported to America.
During Shahu's reign Satara was the Maratha capital.
It has numerous estates, such as Gonerby Hill Foot, Manthorpe, Earlesfield and Alma Park.
至1930年代，复旦中文系已发展完备，颇具规模，课程亦逐渐丰富完善，并更加系统，授课名师如云。
），或「觀察員實體」資格（如馬耳他騎士團）。
），字本學，江西進賢縣人，羽林右衛籍，
This information can be about how to deal with certain situations, but it can also be about the products of a company.
It is still seen by 40 million Americans each year.
At least two people died in the attack.
Moving shadow figures can be caused by the headlights of passing cars shining through a window.
’nın bastırılmasında da görev aldı.
The reason why icicles are pointy is because the water drips in a downward motion.
The longest river in the country, the Belize River, passes through the district and joins the Caribbean Sea along its coast.
Gusaling Don Pepe Atienza (Don Pepe Atienza Hall), the PLM graduate school building.
Under this definition of atheism, most agnostics are weak atheists.
Sapir-Whorf hipotezi ya da dilsel görecelik; dilbilimindeki temel anlamı, insan düşüncesinin yerel dillerden çok yoğun bir şekilde etkilendiğini göstermektir.
The player at the bottom ought to do the pedalling but it may be easier for the middle player to do it.
When his mother saw them, she could hardly believe he had written them.
In a highly productive system, the environment provides an organism with adequate nutrition and resources to grow.
He retired from playing professional ice hockey in 2001.
The eyes of ichthyosaurs are large in comparison to the size of the body, suggesting they hunted by sight even in dimly-lit waters or at night.
Herakles shot him down and sailed away with the cattle.
This results in a cleaner looking cigar.
到底裘米他們繆是不是能走到地球（terra）……?
But subcultures also talk about themselves, very often.
The Kansas City Smelting and Refining Company employed over 250 men during the 1880s.
The Division was one of the 75 divisions drawn up for the first federal election in 1901.
After sixteen years she truned the third movie Bombi Bitt och jarg.
Hindistan'da hanehalkı büyüklüğü, son yıllarda düşüş göstermiş; 2011 yılı nüfus sayımı sonucuna göre hane halkının %50'sinde 4 veya daha az üye bulunmaktaydı.
Halsey had agreed with the plan to build an airfield at Aola Bay.
; Damien Cockburn: Tayback'in kitabını sinemaya uyarlayan İngiliz film yönetmenidir.
His reputation had spread over the world, and he talked with many different people.
The Nationalist Party held government until 1929.
They frequently traveled because they reared reindeer, hunted and fished.
In between each verse there is some music for the whole choir to sing.
Later, his team stopped racing in IndyCar and he had to find a new team.
For example, if only the parasympathetic nervous system was working, a person's heart rate and breathing would keep getting lower and lower.
Franklin County was created on June 24, 1811 from the northern third of Hampshire County.
How he got his scars is left ambiguous due to two conflicting stories.
As a result, the rainfall left 4,500 people homeless, and more than 35,000 people were affected on the island.
The child may also be listlessness or have muscle stiffness (hypertonia).
It was painted in 1633.
如果一個剛體衛星的密度是所環繞的星體的密度兩倍以上（例如一個巨大的氣體行星跟剛體衛星；對於流體衛星來說，則要約14.2倍以上)， ，洛希極限會在所環繞的星體之內，即是說這個衛星永遠都不會因為所環繞的星體的引力而碎裂。
，棲息深度可達50公尺，本魚體延長，上頷突出，超過前鰓蓋，臀鰭短，起於背鰭基部中點，臀鰭軟條18-19枚，體長可達8公分，棲息在沿海，喜群游。
賈潤年（1946年1月3日－2013年1月7日），外號「老賈」、「賈霸子」、「黑道國防部長」（「賈部長」），
The best known is the black and white panda.
Because of this many people wanting to become politicians became quaestors as a first step in their career.
From the 1920s to the 1950s, the Social Democratic majority held power in the city, and it was known as red Arbon.
In 2012 De Oliveira received the International Women of Courage award, and Veja magazine named her Defender of the City.
This were quite common at that time.
He made his A1 GP debut in New Zealand and he finished 10th in the sprint race and 7th in the Feature Race.
IAI National Institutes for Cultural Heritage.
，用來抑制雜草、植物疾病及害蟲。
金星是双鱼宫的擢升守護星（與也門占星學的附庸星相同）。
People who sing a lot will probably be able to sing over two octaves.
He likes girls and fights.
The Silence, whatever it is, is still out there.
He then disappears underground with the Lizard, never heard from again.
This form is the merozoite.
St. Clare calls her, ".
Smileys are a useful way to show feelings to someone who cannot see the face of person sending the message.
第6屆於10月30日至11月2日舉行，原定繼續在中環新海濱舉行，
Scientists do not know exactly how many ring-necked snakes there are.
Winters are characterized by the polar night, cold and stable weather conditions, and clear skies.
It serves people from the whole of Mid Bedford.
One of the key issues is whether GM products should be labelled.
调节应用程序的通信，极小化互相感知（依赖），
While sufganiyot are usually filled with jam, many modern variants exist.
Kansas City's offense led the AFL in points scored (448) and total rushing yards (2,274).
All I ask is that my results should convince seekers after truth that there is beyond doubt something worth while seeking, attainable by methods more or less like mine.
He had to resign once his task was done, or after six months.
In one scene, Oliver played an alien with green skin.
It comes from Germanic words that mean "spear" and "strength".
在1947年南下工作队行军途中，每当停下休息时，焦裕禄都会教战友识字，或者表演山东快书。
New born tiger sharks range in lengths between 51 to 76 cm (2 to 2.5 feet).
He had five children.
They usually just call him by his everyday name Zhu Di like a common person.
To be usable, the devices using SATA need to be connected to the motherboard.
It can also be used for measuring the voltage across two points in a circuit.
Prior to unification, there were many states in Central Europe.
Bisher Al Khasawneh (born 27 January 1969) is a Jordanian politician.
The accusation said he watched boys take showers and then touched a boy.
，是中國第一部理法方藥俱全的醫學巨著。
In July 1993 Jackson and Jordan's relationship ended.
She was also responsible for the construction of the Palais Bourbon in Paris which is today used the French National government.
One of the victims is an old man with a mysterious past whose stepdaughter, Gloria Burgle (
Moskova'ya yerleşti, burada tanıştığı piyanist Tamara Rotareva ile 1928'de evlendi.
Unilineal evolution, also called classical social evolution, was a 19th-century social theory about the evolution of societies and cultures.
Humoresque to be released in February 2006.
The three albums Psychoterror, MC Ronalds Massaker and Werwolfromantik peaked in the Austrian Top-Ten album charts and every album sold more than 30.000 copies.
After this, he gradually stops working actively as a photographer.
The arrondissement of Haguenau-Wissembourg has an area of convert.
In January 2011, Brown was hired to a $110,000-a-year job in the DC Office of Health Care Finance.
Tropical Storm Ivan slowly became more organized as wind shear decreased, and its outflow expanded in all quadrants.
Müzeye 1961'de heykel bahçesi, 1977'de de Wim Quist'in tasarladığı yeni sergi bölümü eklendi.
S1: Programlar ne zihin inşa edebilirler ne de zihin için yeterlidirler.
By the mid-1960s, Pulpurru's family were camped at Patjarr, which was only a rockhole at the time.
Bunun yanında bazı ülkelerde seyyar ankesörlü telefonlar bulunur.
大連王和牙大王的右腳組成，天空氣殿的右橫部。
The word is also used for a type of computer program that does useful things in the background of a computer, but this use is not related to the religious meaning.
Something that is a “classic” is therefore something that will always be remembered as something great.
這使得他產生母親不愛自己、女性就是愛哭的見解。
Örneğin kalp tüpünün oluşumu için vaskülojenez gerçekleşir.
They have to listen to one another and get ideas from one another.
Physically, the indigenous peoples of eastern India were long-headed, dark skinned, broad-nosed, and short in stature.
But never from her orbit sways.
The only proof we have of the fact is that this person said it.
The station is near the "Ikebukuro" station that is center of Tokyo.
They help each other, neighbors, relatives, and everybody.
So, sometimes it is called the "sixth sense."
Compression is the part of the sound waves where the molecules of air are pushed (compressed) together.
他曾在人民大学革命史教研室与中国历史教研室从事教学研究工作，
Onun uğruna hapse düşer.
这样的作品创作持续了足足几千年。
Coins, gold dust and nuggets were used until they considered replacing with something which would indicate them.
"Teenage Life" was a hit song by Daz Sampson.
He was sent to prison.
The other, hijā, sorts letters by similarity of shape.
These are major roads in England, which still exist alongside the modern motorways.
HIAL receives subsidies from the Scottish Ministers in accordance with Section 34 of the Civil Aviation Act 1982.
The month with the lowest rainfall is December.
İmparatorluk, ilk daimi ABD elçisini 1867'de göndererek Washington, DC'deki Osmanlı Sefaretini açtı.
Nesmith rejoined them for a new album, Justus, a TV special, and he appeared with them onstage in England.
EREMENTAR GERAD -蒼空的戰旗-
The club moved into the new 33,000-seat Pride Park Stadium for the 1997-98 season, and went on to finish ninth.
In Browning, Montana from January 23, 1916 to January 24, 1916, the temperature fell from convert.
The hawk holds with its claws a red parchment bearing the inscription of the name of the federation.
When he graduated from university in 1935, he was appointed as PTT inspector.
这种出血既可能是自发性的，也可能发生在受伤或手术后 來源請求 。
All oviraptosaurs have this crest but it is certainly the largest in A. wyliei".
They need to get the kind of exercise they were created for.
除了作为步枪刺刀使用以外，还能夠砍削灌木、
The critical flaws of the late Bronze Age are its centralization, specialization, complexity and top-heavy political structure.
Connecting these two themes are Satan himself, and the Master with his devoted lover Margarita.
Because of their small size and social temperament, they are an excellent choice for children.
Few types of prion diseases are known.
Some semen on a piece of glass.
Legions were various sized units of soldiers, each under a chief or leader.
They are on Chambers Street, by the George IV Bridge.
Oliver Labra studied law at the University of Havana.
Her iki mecliste de 750 üye vardır ve her iki meclisin de yasa önerme gücü eşittir.
，各地民變興起，1644年7月，
About 16,000 members of the Polish resistance were killed and about 6,000 were badly wounded.
In 1945, Senator J. William Fulbright proposed a bill to use the profits from selling surplus U.S. government war property to fund international exchange between the U.S. and other countries.
It is the greatest of the Italian romantic epics.
Chae-yeong was known for her roles in Sex is Zero, Marrying a Billionaire, and in First Love of a Royal Prince.
SYS exist even though Windows NT does not use them.
He is the patriarch of the Ghosh family, who having retired from his job, maintains rules and regulations in the household, and loves to tease his younger brother Gulu at times.
In 2012, Sawa was named the "FIFA Women's World Player of the Year".
Sometimes only part of the aircraft is modeled.
，1969年起又遣送淮安农村务农10年。
Tropical Depression Ivan stayed as a depression as it moved through several states.
研究團隊警告在人群中仍存在类似于SARS的疾病的爆发风险。
He has two older brothers, Larry Jordan and James R. Jordan, Jr., one older sister, Deloris, and a younger sister, Roslyn.
Passenger data from paxstat.
This series started from 27 September 2020 on Monday to Saturday at 7:00PM (IST) time slot.
精神健康基金會董事長胡海國教授於2006年首先提出的概念。
The first Governor was Sir Francis Mudie with Iftikhar Hussain Khan as the first Chief Minister.
Lamborghini first showed the Centenario Roadster at the August 2016 Pebble Beach Concours d'Elegance.
This is the main use for manganese metal.
Türk cenazelerinde ölü bir çadıra konur ve at, sığır veya koyun kurban edilirdi.
This frog can live in marshes, grasslands or on mountains.
I. Dönem Bolu Milletvekilliği yapmıştır.
」中上架的軟體須遵守其分潤規範，
斯普林菲爾德梅多斯的座標為coord ，
In 2002, Wasmosy was convicted of defrauding the Paraguayan state and was himself sentenced to four years in prison.
Production remixing requires more musical knowledge than mashups, because one must make their own music.
Cited in Rosser-Owen (2007), "The First Circassian Exodus" Bazı gemiler hedefe vardıklarında, içerideki tüm Çerkesler ölmüştü.
朱美拉清真寺被譽為全杜拜最美麗的清真寺，
Burnside died at St. Francis Hospital on September 1, 2005 at 78 years old.
The athletics teams of the university are called the Dukes.
It went into debt so that it could buy Fendi in the early 1990s.
However, many people believed this story.
When police arrived, they believed Sandra and Elizabeth Andersen's story.
It got mixed reviews from the critics.
On 2014, Shane Blake and Robert Downey Jr. said they would like to do a fourth film.
Technical manual and dictionary of classical ballet.
北行班次在杜伊斯堡需要等待北行的莱茵之金号抵达后方可发车，
其編制與手鈴相同，打法亦大同小異，許多手鈴技術也可以在手鐘中使用，例如手持六鈴。
Leah Coleman is the person that made her mother want to make Signing Time!
This was known as PSTN (or "public switched telephony network").
The Undisputed Championship was originally represented with both the original WWF and WCW title belts, as the champion would carry both belts around, until being replaced with a single belt.
While a sound wave can be described as the ripples created when you drop a small rock in a bucket of water, a shock wave is faster and not as smooth.
，包括呼吸指导、运用特殊声音协调动作的训练和饮食指南。
With six stations on 6.8 km of track, the Scarborough RT is a line built almost all above the ground, and which has no direct tracks that connect to the other lines and uses a different trains.
Thermite is not safe to make at home.
He was then named Postmaster General.
One of these was bark bread.
You can hear one of the women saying "keep him bound" and another saying "Men should be seen and not heard" in reference to him being gagged.
This trend in his favor was contained after the second presidential debate when López Obrador decided to start joining the debates.
The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team France") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
This will also add to the life-span of the cider (no pasteurisation is needed).
回鄉後，由總會派傳道者入山佈道於鄰近各村落。
Jin Wudi was able to unite China again in 280. Between the two years was the period of the three kingdoms.
It was developed in England in the 1700's.
Chip Ganassi Racing with Felix Sabates is an American racing team that is one of the best teams in American racing.
She mainly paints women, children, and animals in oil or mixed media.
，但是該些里程碑的發生時間因文化而異。
The DS has sold more units than the PSP.
The village was laid out in 1831. citation Its location on the Missouri River made it a popular shipping point for the farms and plantations of Callaway County.
In the book Ares gives Percy the shield and the lightning bolt, but in the movie, Percy gets the lightning bolt from Luke, the son of Hermes.
The All-American Rejects first became a band in 1999 when band member Tyson Ritter and Nick Wheeler were in high school.
直接按这个定义求值需要 O(N 2 ) 次运算：X k 共有 N 个输出，每个输出需要 N 项求和。
The sheer power of the shows inspired the release of two live works in 1993, Paris and Show.
”，又称“据本部派人踏勘天坛建林艺试验场最为相宜。”
Spray, on his way to becoming the first person to sail single-handedly around the world.
A similar "UTV Day" branding was adopted in Northern Ireland.
He has been in prison for different crimes, for example a violent crime and because he travelled using another person's passport.
It was originally planned for Saugerties, and then the Town of Wallkill, in Orange County (not to be confused with the Hamlet of Wallkill, in Ulster county).
This often includes the view that systems somehow function as wholes and that their functioning cannot be fully understood solely in terms of their component parts.
Her father is of Filipino ancestry.
The person running the experiment told the volunteer to test their "student"'s ability to remember pairs of words.
Cardinal Hildebrand was elected pope on April 22, 1073; and he chose to be called Gregory.
She sings of how much she really wants to hear her boyfriend speak.
他們有任務，在戰爭期間地位等於將軍，準將，或上校。
These include synonyms, weather forecasts, time zones, stock quotes, maps, earthquake data, movie showtimes, airports, home listings, and sports results.
CRs often learn the languages spoken by the Celts, if they do not speak them already.
Sunday school, Manzanar War Relocation Center, 1943.
週期性雜訊有產生頻率尖波的傾向，即使用肉眼也通常能夠檢視。
He won the Honored Art Worker of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic award.
Twenty-five people died in this wildfire.
Under Loretto Commercial, Hunt Jr. works to develop commercial projects that thrive and are sustainable in order to add to the quality of life in Kansas City.
吳智青（生卒年不詳），第一任黃旗幫首領，又名「
In the Inarticulata the two parts of the shell are held together only by muscles.
He was a founding member of the Frente de Libertação de Moçambique (FRELIMO—Mozambican Liberation Front), in 1962, and served as the party's deputy president from 1969 to 1977.
In 1948, when he was 21, he took up a job as a journalist.
》的喬·紐瑪爾表示，《末日之戰》「並不是一部夏日驚悚片。
She is one of the Tarim mummies, named after where they were found, the Tarim Basin.
Ortokarbonik asit ya da sistematik adıyla metantetrol, C(OH) 4 formüllü tahmini bir bileşiktir.
Aslan yavrularının % 80'i iki yaşından önce ölürler.
，並聲稱“發現”了中業島等9個主要島嶼，
He also edited Greek treatises (written works that formally explain a topic).
Obviously, on average, the paired males would have higher fertility than the unpaired males.
Val Browning, the son of the designer (John Browning) with a BAR.
The animation for the movie began in February 2015 and ended twelve months later.
Emersons Green is in South Gloucestershire.
; but the Pope wouldn't allow it, as the marriage was valid.
》所载中国古代造紙术的流程（请点击观看）
Armenteros was born in Santa Clara, Las Villas.
It is on Carlingford Lough and the hill of Slieve Martin, at the base of the Mourne Mountains and on the Kilbroney River.
This sweeps up an expanding shell of gas and dust, which we see as a supernova remnant.
The Swedish period left its mark in the names of many of the streets and the town (in honor of King Gustav III).
Sir Charles Wheatstone, an inventor, saw the Turk while it was owned by Mälzel.
He also had an enlarged prostate, urinary infection and other problems.
The first part of this is titled Anti-Oedipus and was published in 1972, and the second part is A Thousand Plateaus, published in 1980.
P.M的認證再加上兩年以上相關領域的經驗。
Saltbushes were their main food source, so Procoptodon goliah relied on free-standing water to help process its salt-laden diet.
In September 2016, he was entrusted by the Berluti house with the succession of Alessandro Sartori at the head of the artistic direction, to which he remained until April 2018, replaced by Kris Van Assche.
，等等。 citation citation 宝玑在1814年所生产的怀表Breguet & Fils, Paris No.
其中六层的多功能厅是举办讲座、报告、签名售书等活动的场所。
He was the son of a Reverend.
Major-histocompatibility-complex-associated variation in secondary sexual traits of white-tailed deer (Odocoileus virginianus): evidence for good-genes advertisement.
Goku then goes Super Saiyan 2 and continues his fight with Black, Future Trunks and the Z Fighters cheer Goku on and questions why Goku is not using his full power and then Black knocks Goku down to the ground with a strong kick to the head.
He also directed Where in the World Is Osama bin Laden?
右边显示的是，在长时间曝光条件下，一个白色圆圈在沿水平位置上移动的摄像机中的图像。
雖然電影的製片預算是500萬美元，但是在電影宣傳上的話費估算大約2,000萬，所以意味著開畫1,300萬美元會視爲商業成功 citation 。
东海市因同时拥有山谷地带和海滨风光而成为韩国著名的旅游休养城市之一，
She appeared in 64 movies between 1960 and the 1980s.
He remained in this post until his death in 1909.
Melting of remnant glacial ice capping the Mt. Garibaldi area could produce floods, lahars,or debris flows that might endanger small communities including Brackendale.
回国后果受其苦，下乡时曾因饥饿晕倒在水渠旁。
If game data can't be saved or won't be saved, only offline multiplayer is available (though Out to Lunch can be used to mimic a single player game.
It killed 71 people and injured 200 others.
It became mentally tough for me because nobody talked about my 99 hundreds."
According to Dewan (2018), ethnographers do not try to find generalized results.
：Rubeosaurus）意為「刺叢的蜥蜴」，
一个夜晚Yvonne家里发生了爆炸，
The population of the region was 233,034 (2020).
第21分钟，拉米雷斯的进球帮助广州取得1比0的领先优势，
She was the first woman to enter the Country Music Hall of Fame.
，为边远地区的群众提供借阅服务。
He was forced by the military to step down as prime minister and was later banned from politics.
A People's republic was created in 1945 by a newly established communist government.
The population was 12,355 at the 2010 census.
Originally, records spun at a rate of 78 rotations per minute, or 78 rpm.
It was only when a church was built in 1827 that the village started to grow.
白黨和紅黨敗選，同時成為反對黨至今。
背鰭軟條11枚；臀鰭軟條8枚，體長可達3公分。
Within these sub-branches there are various sections headed by section chiefs.
Students from private schools, that are well known in the country, can only sit for this exam in any government schools.
Nellie Bly, also, fought for women's right and was known for investigative reporting.
Zenit won the match 2–0, with goals from Igor Denisov and Konstantin Zyryanov.
塔列朗肯定是在外交領域這樣做;富歇可能偶爾在陰謀的領域這樣做。
Two Indian monks also returned with them, named Dharmaratna and Kaśyapa Mātaṅga.
The block is something scented to smell like different things, such as cherries.
He wanted a plane which could hold 250 to 300 passengers, with two engines.
Jean-Baptiste was the 11th child of Philippe Jacques de Monet de La Marck and Marie-Françoise de Fontaine de Chuignolles.
Alluvium: water-washed loose deposits, not consolidated (not cemented).
天正6年（1578年）進入了阿波勝端城意圖挽回三好家在阿波的勢力，在信長的援助下戰況十分有利，此時的存保已經是僅存的三好勢力，實質上的非三好宗家的三好氏當主。
The 'activated' drug molecule is combined with another molecule to produce an inactive compound which is usually more water soluble (polar) than the original chemical.
It can go through a series of underground caves and may appear on the surface again.
Birds from the Amazon all the way to the Antarctic Coast are displayed.
Most of the sea-bed is between convert below the surface of the ocean.
As of 15 October, 2008 the prepaid cards are available in North American 7-Eleven stores, Target(Nexon no longer sells these at Target), Duane Reade, CVS/pharmacy, Best Buy, Rite Aid, Longs Drugs, and Blockbuster stores in the US.
Solo bu teklifi en başta kabul etmez.
If the gods supported a bad leader, the people should too.
親系與親等，是衡量測定當事人間親屬關係親疏遠近的指標，意義不同。
Merrill was the Attorney General of New Hampshire from 1985 to 1989.
In the case of stereochemical inversion the migrating group both rotates and translates to reach its bonded conformation.
This movie became a commercial success in both Tamil and Telugu.
Joe Biden was not president in 2020 when Floyd was killed but he was president in 2021 during the trial of Derek Chauvin.
He told the stories of the novels to his fellow prisoners.
子懷明，太宗泰始初，居父憂，起為建威將軍，東征南討有功，封吳興縣子，食邑四百戶。
Officials think that 10,000 were meeting at Qualcomm.
例如，若 是一个基于 的可能的素数，但不是一个大概率素数，则 或 将得到 的因数。
In this example, ":'(" will never be printed because the loop never exits.
，不過因有反彈，隔年遂取消規劃 citation 。
从这种意义上，现代乒乓球在海绵胶皮发明以后才真正成型。
'nde Euro'ya geçmeden önce 500 Alman Markı banknotu üzerinde bir portresi vardı.
This time it was "Whooping Crane," from Taylor's 1995 self-titled album.
The wavefunction of the particle must be zero anytime the walls are infinitely tall.
The Koryo Songgyungwan was a school for government officials and Sungyang Sowon was a school of Confucian philosophy.
Every villages consisted of at least four to seven families, sometimes more than ten.
The 1980s design used converted flight suits painted silver.
There is a hole in the middle of the seat so that you can defecate or urinate.
Beyond that, Matthew supports his local community through various theatre and arts programs and initiatives.
There is four points in the symbol because four is a sacred number to the Zia.
With Dumbledore's death, Malfoy becomes the master of the powerful Elder Wand.
They were located near servitors who pledged to keep an eye on them.
Formal canonization is a lengthy process often taking many years, even centuries.
其餘隊伍由他們的勝負記錄決定。
Midband 5G is much faster than LTE.
There are many consequences of this idea.
General Schmidt surrendered the headquarters.
Beginning in the late 19th century, the French colonial authorities promoted the use of the Vietnamese alphabet, which they viewed as a stepping stone toward learning French.
，但當時蔣經國要讓他接受副總統一職，他因此苦惱。
Not by Quant, but shows the idea is well alive.
Sassoon helped Owen to improve his writing, and introduced him to other writers and publishers.
Roketsan Denizaltı Savunma Sistemi su üstü platformlardan 500–2000 m menzilde 15–300 m derinlikteki denizaltılara karşı savunma sağlar.
These fillings are then wrapped in Chinese wonton wrappers.
贼寇因为深远的谋划而受到磨难，我国则会因为浅近的荼毒而安逸享受，仰思神明的谋略，就不是这样。
The Show went Off Air on 1 June 2018 and it got replaced by Silsila Badalte Rishton Ka.
He was only in the band for one demo recording and then left the band due to personal issues with the other members.
During the New Kingdom Egypt was richer and more powerful than in all other periods of its history.
The forest covers an area of about convert.
Marfa is already engaged to be married to Lykov, a boyar.
It includes antivirus, firewall, e-mail filter, and phishing protection software.
Bob Budiansky also decided what the robots liked, what they disliked, and how they felt about things.
The living conditions of living organisms in an environment are affected by the weather or climate changes in the environment.
Their eldest son, Edward, should have become king when his father died.
Some of the music from the second movement is repeated.
The club won the league champions in 1972.
Ancak Mosè (Bobtail guard dog) bunu önlemeye çalışır.
It includes all settlements with a population over 1,000.
此时教皇已默许皮科手稿的发布，但却他设立了咨询委员会法庭，强迫皮科否认"申辩"的观点和他的持有的观点。
Those who could prove their loyalty for the Union were allowed to stay in the affected area.
This drug is also known by its trade name Cosmegen.
He reached the top of his musical career in the early nineties.
Tallmadge was founded in 1807.
None has been found so far, but astronomers think they do exist.
Miss Brinklow will teach the people a sense of sin.
南阳市公共交通总公司下设五个运营分公司：
Some firearms are specified by name.
In 2006, the school broke its own record when 48 students, out of total 78 on the merit list were from this school.
He was tortured and put to death in 1498.
This meant they could be made much lighter and more accurate.
A personalized video game is a video game made for specific people, usually as a luxury gift.
Before an actor went on stage, other actors could wish that he or she had good luck in their work.
Pilot olan Pugachev motorunu geri kısması şeklinde emir aldı ve sonucunda tetikleme geri alınarak motor kapatıldı.
In May 2020, Chicago police confirmed that the department was no longer using facial recognition.
He derived the Flory exponent, which helps characterize the movement of polymers in solution.
It is one of the most active volcanoes in Japan.
;螺紋皮（Whorlpelt）
Patrick Mayrhofer and Reinhold Schett are scheduled to start in the snowboard cross event.
Also unlike many toy soldiers, army men are sold unpainted and almost always dressed in modern military uniforms and armed with 20th Century weapons.
It was written for Joseph Joachim.
The cords can be thinner or thicker cords.
In 2017, he retired from most university activities.
In the December 2008 issue of Gramophone Magazine the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra was ranked as the best symphony orchestra in the world.
The visuals turned out to be quite brilliant and neat animations, and the critic praised the game for its control.
The Parliament renewed them each year.
The population of Burnaby was 126,456 in 2011. citation The mayor of Burnaby is Derek Corrigan.
In 2006/07, he was coach of FC Superfund Pasching.
In January 2012, Tehrik-e-Istiqlal announced merging with the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf.
In 1818, Illinois became the 21st U.S. state and Kaskaskia was its capital until 1819.
發覺自己只是被當成工具後，為復仇而背叛了佩達。
What are Panic Attacks?
会上，毛泽东批评彭德怀右倾，说林的信（和刘、杨的电报）是彭鼓动起来的。
及後拓跋嗣又命長孫嵩、叔孫建各選精兵，
Her family did not agree, but her friends supported her.
The city is also capital of Abadehy County.
About seven percent of the people of the world are Buddhist.
；2006年10月，炳仁路后段道路工程项目初步设计才正式通过四川省发改委批复立项，
She began a solo career as Marcella Detroit, but later went back to her original name.
Some sources say Ichthyovenator might not have been a spinosaurid.
Because he found it really easy at the beginning, he didn't study a lot for the final exams.
He called for session on October 28, 1861 and, although deposed, officially claimed Missouri to have joined the Confederacy in November 1861.
真宗时，张咏镇蜀，患蜀人铁钱重，不便贸易，设质剂之法，一交一緡，以三年为一界而换之。
They overcome moving prey by wrapping into one or two coils pressing its prey to hold it so that it can swallow it alive.
番外篇「割れ鍋にとじ蓋」（2016年4月23日，
The canvas must be stretched tightly over a frame called a "stretcher" and fixed into place with little tacks or staples.
His dad was a firefighter who had died on duty and was known personally by Station Officer Coleman.
Deas is married to Margaret Colin, who played Margo Montgomery Hughes on As The World Turns and Eleanor Waldorf-Rose on Gossip Girl.
On November 24, 2013, Smith reportedly agreed to a three-year contract for $15 million with the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim, pending the completion of a physical.
Both boys and girls wear green ties when wearing winter uniform.
He was seen as a role model to millions of Kannadigas.
WiFi Map LLC has been registered as a Delaware LLC, in May 2014.
Chuckie Finster (2-3 years old) is Tommy's best friend.
It has sold 6.2 million copies in the United States and 12,000,000 copies worldwide.
以農曆二月初二土地公生、以及八月十五日坐位為祭祀日 。
On January 29, 2004 Eddie won SmackDown’s!
Etkili kontrol yüzeylerine rağmen, dengeleyici bir amaca sahip olmayan birçok erken hava aracı neredeyse kontrol edilemez tasarımlardı.
When anyone in the British infantry spoke of "The Salient", it was understood that they were referring to Ypres.
It was built in 1267.
She is also included because she wrote more books than almost any other writer (about 700).
溫蒂妮的座標為coord ，而該地的平均海拔高度為46米（即151英尺）。
Duncan liked long, flowing scarves.
However, in captivity they can live for over 20 months.
The 900 through 999 designations are reserved for reference routes, which are unsigned state-maintained highways of varying length.
The population was 4,594 as of the 2010 census.
Everyone can see that the sun, moon and stars appear to move across the sky.
The conclusion of the BOR were that the constitution will work and America will be successful.
Upstairs, there is a large paneled dining room.
; he did this by himself.
Among notable grants of the Program were grants to partially fund the publication of books, for example to "provide for additional illustrations or allow a book's purchase price to be lowered".
It won the Newbery Medal in 1922.
Dağa çıkar ve Grani alevlerin arasından atlamayı başarır.
A minor planet named "6562 Takoyaki" was discovered in 1991 by M. Yanai and K. Watanabe at Katani.
Aynı gün Dreyfus'u ziyaret eden Binbaşı du Paty suçu itiraf etmesi halinde cezasında indirim yapılacağını söylese de Dreyfus itiraf edecek bir şey olmadığını söyler.
While in the army, he boxed 100 exhibition bouts.
由此制词 ，还可考知苗发在任都官员外郎之前曾为秘书丞 ，这是诸书所未及的 。”
The Main Hall is very tall, and visitors to the top balcony must climb 105 steps.
旅遊局表示，相關酒店會採取封閉式管理，酒店內所有店鋪、餐廳、賭場均要關閉，大部分出入口須封閉，亦要視乎酒店的通道問題，例如一些大型綜合建築物內有多間酒店，酒店之間通道相通，政府經考量後剩下的選擇不多。
Norbert Becker，Dusan Petric，Marija Zgomba，Clive Boase，Minoo Madon，Christine Dahl，Achim Kaiser。
P.I. Community of Powerful Individuals”, which brought together ambitious students, entrepreneurs, top managers, whose goal was to help each other.
National parks cover about 5% of the total land area of the prefecture.
Nicaraguan Civil Defence Chief Col. Mario Perez Cassar said eighty per cent of the buildings on the central coast where the hurricane hit were heavily damaged or destroyed.
The conductor uses the score to be able to see which instruments are playing when.
The oldest member of the Hawaiian archipelago still above the sea is Kure Atoll, which can be dated to 30 mya.
Solomon answered all the questions she asked; returned her quizzes and riddles with wit and correct wisdom; and was kind to her.
，使這些文獻的解讀過程得以加快。
He studied reflection in telephone circuits (these produced disturbing echoes).
They decided to go with a plain white cover, which had never been done before.
Unable to reject the king, he did.
Rigor mortis ends when autolysis (the self-digestion of cells) takes place.
Gelişmeler Stephen'in ruhban sınıfıyla olan ilişkilerini zayıflatacaktır.
Different types of bench planes are designed to perform different tasks, with the name and size of the plane being defined by the use.
She was convert long and convert wide.
It is about a girl named, Miley Stewart, that is living the secret life of Hannah Montana.
Fighting in Cassino caused the 4th Indian Division to lose 3,000 men and the New Zealand Division had 1,600 men killed, missing and wounded.
It was very successful worldwide reaching number one in numerous countries.
The 7th Season of The Fairly OddParents aired on February 18, 2008, starting with the 1-hour special Fairly Odd Baby.
Yeni nesil RAM'ler, bir bitlik veriyi dinamik RAM'lerdeki gibi kapasitörde akım olarak ya da statik RAM'lerdeki gibi bir flip-flop'ta durum olarak saklar.
Birçok bilgisayar kullanıcısı kendi bilgisayarlarının botlar ile enfekte olduğunun farkında değildir.
The episodes were recorded "as live", a common practice at the time, with few opportunities for retakes.
It is the fourth oldest golf club in North America.
It was first used to signify division in 1659.
He took office in October 2014.
周禮良回應，大都會建築事務所對工程品質要求非常嚴格，也讓臺北市政府捷運工程局非常困擾，但是捷運工程局非常樂意接受；捷運工程局評估，臺北表演藝術中心將於2016年6月完成主體工程，後續收尾工作、配合驗收工作預計2016年底完工，這是全世界注目的工程、也是非常了不起的藝術，「相信我們，會把這東西蓋好」。
In this style, artists would study (or analyze) the subject and break it up into different blocks.
They see Irina, from the Denali coven.
He was born in Regensberg, Germany, to a musical family.
Rey today has been added into the Greater Tehran city.
中華人民共和国成立後，1950年以后，
中有禹王庙，又有古塔一百零八座，不知所始，或云昔人压胜之具。
The house in Vienna where Schubert was born is now a museum which people can visit.
There are two types of chess programs.
The ears begin to curl in about eighty-two days.
They fit the figures and hang in a natural way like real clothes.
Unlike other railways, the track bed was sold off in many pieces - often to the original owners, who paid much less than they had sold it for originally.
Saturn did as his mother told him.
In the world there are many different horses: big horses and small horses, grey horses and white horses, old horses and young horses and so forth.
He has a range of superpowers, and is therefore called a "supervillain".
Besides of Choi and Ji, many schools of Korean martial arts have taken part in the development of several techniques that have helped in causing such hapkido as it is known it.
Harold Demsetz (main; May 31, 1930 – January 4, 2019) citation was an American economist.
“13亿支那劣种”“支那猪”，并宣扬“杀绝支那劣种以谢天下” citation 。
Bridgestone America was started in the United States in 1967 to represent Bridgestone.
She played 3 games for Japan until 1986.
It took ten weeks in 1880 and 1881.
These books were A Rose for Her Grave by Ann Rule and Fatal Charm by Carlton Smith.
The volume of mercury changes slightly with temperature.
。 citation 2018年，他创立了一个名为368的创意空间，让创作者互相合作，互相影响。
The citadel of Rostov seen from Lake Nero.
He has been married twice and has two daughters.
DC++是分散型的服务器，没有广告条，每位用户可以同时登陆多个服务器。
He was also a debater for social conservatism values.
Even without moving their eyes, some birds have a 360-degree field of view.
Their name for the falls was Tiwishkeni, or "where the falling waters rush".
贲宁帝两次北伐瀚州蛮族造成国力空虚，贲朝逐渐陷于内乱之中。
The Sea Venture was badly damaged and about to sink.
Aethelbald not only forced himself on nuns but he promoted the same wicked behavior among monks.
Bass set sail on his last voyage in the Venus on 5 February 1803, but he and his crew were never seen again.
It became part of Thuringia when the Freestate of Thuringia was founded in 1920.
On the way back home, he fights a sea monster to save Andromeda, who is chained to a cliff as a sacrifice, and marries her.
The couple had a son, Jeremiah Blackwell Jr. (born 1957).
》的章節「西瑞安和伊歐」裡對戰車民最初入侵剛鐸有較詳盡的描述，說明戰車曾經兩度嘗試入侵剛鐸。
It is now called the General Anthroposophical Society.
She had a streak of 16 first place finishes in women's professional tournaments.
Oil reserves and huge salt deposits are rising up from the subsurface.
He beat Lystrom again by 2740 votes.
Kenelerin ısı ve nem gibi iklim faktörleri ile sıkı ilişkileri vardır.
The Linnean Society was started in 1788.
Nature Conservation Division, Department of Forests, Ministry of Agriculture, Royal Government of Bhutan and WWF Bhutan Programme, Thimphu.
My So-Called Life is an American teen drama television series.
其下辖有个居民点，行政中心为新斯特罗伊卡。
在长征中，杨得志领导的红1团一直担当着开路先锋或掩护后卫的重任 citation citation 。
幼貓的毛色較明顯受這種白化基因影響。
This category is for user accounts that have been identified as sockpuppets of CPHL.
She also invented fictional characters and made combination characters: Nellie Olson is one person in the fictional books but she was based on more than one person in real life.
Lautenberg's vote gave Mondale the 1,967 delegate votes needed to become the Democratic Party's nominee.
Merced was a proof of concept.
天车吊指在高空运行的起重机，包括单梁起重机、双梁起重机。
It can hold up to 22,800 kilograms (50,300 pounds), and can also support SpaceX's Dragon vehicle.
After a rough first round, they came back surprisingly.
He went to the Children’s Music School there and started playing in concerts.
At first, he was placed in top ten several times and he reached fifth place once.
Small portions of the dough are "dropped" from a spoon onto a baking sheet, then baked 10-15 minutes in a medium oven until done.
Both were formed in 1982 to keep wildlife populations.
It was formerly in Cloud Chief, Oklahoma.
她接著三番五次走去使用複印機（起初沒有紙，接著沒有墨水匣，之後整個消失）。
She became a member of "Missing Child Parents" after her daughter was abducted and killed.
The condition affects up to one-fifth of women at some point in their lives.
However, thanks to the kindness of Shelly, Sharon's mother, he began to open.
Today it is still popular as a dance, and is still danced in Cuba.
Every Wednesday, there is something called Late Start.
，並在1938年動工興建，1940年底完工。
，一名老婦人(全劇後半段才會透露她是王太后席娃伽彌 (Ramya Krishnan飾演)) 帶著一位嬰兒逃到了巨大的瀑布旁。
Immunization is when a person's immune system learns to fight an infection.
The Soviets then started their own counter-attack, which was one of the turning points of the war.
When WALL-E shows a plant for EVE, she takes it and becomes deactivated.
Kalākaua also served in the Department of the Interior.
Beleriand was a large region in northwestern Middle-earth until the end of the First Age.
The state owned university, the Francisco de Paula Santander University (UFPS), is in the northeastern part of the city; there are several private universities of varying quality.
This means that each episode continues telling a story, which, in turn, tells more of the last episode's story.
Jem nods, and before he goes to sleep he tells Scout that he’s beginning to understand why Boo Radley doesn’t leave his house.
They travelled along the coast and fished in bark canoes.
In 2017 the length limit was raised to ten minutes.
Users may distribute the software only with a file created with Microsoft Office software to enable recipient to view and print the file.
'un geçici teknik direktörüdür.
The first settlement of the Plymouth Colony was at New Plymouth.
Some say it was not Hercules who killed Cacus but a huge shepherd named Garanus or Recaranus, a friend of Hercules'.
Belediye Başkanlığı Thies Harder tarafından yürütülmektedir.
Entry into the park is restricted; express permission from the Brazilian government is required to enter the reserve.
The fourth series, Warriors: Omen of the Stars, began with The Fourth Apprentice on November 24, 2009.
The fortresses have 16 squares each.
It was built for Napoléon, Prince Imperial, the 3-year-old son of emperor Napoléon III,.
Barebacking refers to a deliberate decision to not use a condom, forgetting to use a condom is not barebacking.
He held the title again after those events.
He did not mind.
四、依95年1月11日修正發布之醫師法施行細則第13條規定，本法第4條之1所稱歐洲，指歐洲聯盟會員國。
She was 90 years old.
The city is built on the banks of the Mary River.
Sanatçıların hepsi Üçüncü gösteride performanslarını sergilemiştir, bunlardan sadece biri bir üst tura devam etme şansını kaybetmiştir.
考生的文章则指的是考题、答案和简要批语 蒋金星的博士论文《<清代硃卷集成>的文献价值和学术价值研究》浙江大学;2004年 。
Other stories may not fit any genre.
Bouguereau liked to paint pictures of women.
The nets may or may not contain a material to separate the roots.
Apart from a few countries with plenty of it, hydro power is normally applied to peak load demand because it is readily stopped and started.
It means the hometown of education.
Lady Angela Burdett-Coutts was Jumbo's great friend.
It is the place where the souls of the dead people used to go.
，如南战斗整编第49师师部及所属第26旅全部和第79旅大部计一个半旅共计10 000余人被歼灭，整编第49师第26旅少将旅长胡琨被俘，
The kidney was examined by Dr Thomas Openshaw of the London Hospital, who determined that it was human and from the left side, but (contrary to false newspaper reports) he could not determine its gender or age.
歷署江蘇淮海道 中央研究院歷史語言研究所內閣大庫檔案，195530號 、江南鹽巡道 中央研究院歷史語言研究所內閣大庫檔案，228140號 。
This season was the first season the club was relegated to Division 2. He promoted the club to Division 1 in 1986.
The game is played in about 40 countries.
Peter Settman was also the show host.
莫卡辛鞋（Moccasin），或稱為鹿皮鞋，
White's fiction uses humour, ornate prose, shifting narrative vantage points and a stream of consciousness technique.
The area of Castletown is made up of 99.3% white, 0.4% Asian and 0.2% mixed-race.
The shaheen falcon (Falco peregrinus peregrinator) is also known as the Indian peregrine falcon, citation Other names are the black shaheen, Pakistani shaheen, or simply the shaheen.
，地势较高，水浸较轻微，局限于街道，大部分人行道和商店免于浸水。
Many radio and TV stations, as well as stations that are only on the internet, have webcasts.
This led to his calculations of gravitation.
Şerif Yenen'in gezi rehberleri üniversitelerde ders kitabı veya kaynak eser olarak okutulmakta, uluslararası dergi ve ulusal gazetelerde makaleleri ve köşe yazıları yayınlanmaktadır.
Whilst there, he wrote for his own private use his first program for storing information including using random associations.
There are also many good schools especially Heatherside Infant and Juniors and Court Moor!
據史料記載，鄭和船隊的船只有水櫃貯水供日常生活飲用。
When someone wants to change rainforest land into a farm or other thing, first they cut down the trees and leave them there.
Currency in Geometry Dash can be easy and hard to collect.
Fred Waring, American singer, bandleader, and television host (d.
After playing for different teams he came to CA Metropolitano.
"An Exodus motif prevails in (shows through) the entire chapter."
Ridley has received a positive critical response from fans and video game publications.
He had an older brother, John (born 1909) and a younger sister, Mary (born 1913).
The school is centrally located in the village.
The stranger asked to join Cleopas and his friend for the evening meal.
A staple is a fastener that is usually made out of metal and is used to fasten paper to other paper or paper to special walls called bulletin boards.
Svalbard Airport in Longyearbyen is the main airport.
Its capital is Bắc Ninh.
This example, from the Winawer variation, is an extreme case.
When people found out the Changsha turtle was a female Yangtze giant soft-shell turtle, they did not bring her to Suzhou right away.
She was raised in a convent, the Abbaye de Montmartre, overlooking Paris.
The new era of nihongo was created by the Imperial court.
Sea level is generally used to refer to mean sea level (MSL).
This was done to attract investors and business to come to Magadan.
In Chile, only a third of thribe say that they speak it well.
在1880年代，一位律师出身，
此時丘倫的女朋友海文拜訪衛斯理，告訴衛斯理丘倫的死訊，並帶來丘倫臨終前要交付予衛斯理的十多張照片，包含邱倫當日在瑞士拍得有關齊洛將軍的照片，
Because this breed likes sports, the dog needs to have plenty of exercise every day.
By 1929, it was 10 million.
There are sometimes other rules on some wicket grounds.
Their most recent works include more melodic vocals, and raps have left.
The car used in the attack.
He was governor of Santa Catarina from 2003 to 2006 and 2007 to 2010.
Beipiaosaurus had a toothless beak, cheek teeth, and protofeathers.
Before vitamin C was discovered this was the only treatment.
They block the light from stars that are far away.
Meitner also had lots of accomplishments.
M88/3 ve S38 düz altı motorlarıyla çalışıyordu.
These writers and books were not called science fiction when they were published.
He competed in the Olympic Games in 2012, European Championships in 2013, the World Cup in 2011, and the World League.
He also served as the Speaker of the Missouri House of Representatives from 1977 to 1981.
，希腊王国复辟，乔治二世回国，因此乔治二世实际上是在推翻共和的军队干政背景下重登王位的。
Bu yeni devlet sadece bir yıl barış yüzü gördü.
The city government, Woodstock City Council, consists of four city councillors and two city and county councillors.
History of Humble Oil & Refining Company: A Study in Industrial Growth.
Tove Alsterdal has been author Liza Marklund’s editor since ‘Sprängaren’ (The Bomber, 1998).
A case of strep throat in a child 8 years of age.
Yuki Onna means 'Snow woman' in Japanese.
由于在抗战的艰苦岁月里日夜奔忙，积劳成疾，1944年5月病逝，年25岁。”
He was a king for 72 years.
Harrison suggests they put the show on national television to generate free advertising for Wallace and Davis.
The color tells how much salt there is left in the water.
These three types of tires include, transport for earthmoving machines, work for slow moving earthmoving machines, and load and carry for transporting as well as digging.
是一部在漫畫單行本發售中期，就已經錄得總銷售量400萬本的成功作品。
以色列人召回被趕逐的耶弗他，要他帶領他們爭戰。
Bu yüzden bu tip reklam türleri, diğer türlere göre daha az ikna edicidir.
文章指，付給多倫多大學的學費中有一部分是給學生會，指責拉莫是「用多大學生的錢為藏獨事業做貢獻」，
幸运的是，导演艾伦·帕克的拍摄手法立足历史，史诗般的群众场面和棕褐色的新闻纪录片风格让她看上去更加出彩” citation 。
It had a large horn on its nose, and a pair of smaller horns in front of its eyes.
Originally, the microoganism was named Pasteurella pestis.
One of the signs is a large stone screen that divides the church into two areas.
Perseus was sent to retreive Medusa's head by King Polydectes, who wanted him dead so he could marry his mother.
，有見及此，九巴在1968年5月9日開辦往來荃灣市區及觀塘的40號線。
，車站設有折返線，部分列車可以透過本站折返線而在本站作為起點。
They were hard to learn and took a long time to write.
Different men have different amounts of body hair.
The decision to buy the park was not a popular one, with many people seeing it as a waste of money because the park was so far away from Leeds City Centre.
He dropped his demand for a great dowry.
A true name is a name of a thing or being that expresses, or is somehow identical with, its true nature.
He was thought to be as one of the best players of FK Borac Banja Luka, where he spent most of his career and where he won the 1987–88 Yugoslav Cup.
Their Nisei sons and daughters grew up with a national and cultural point-of-view that was different from their parents.
、平西將軍、荊州刺史，唯未就鎮就改為護軍將軍 《陳書·卷十二·列傳第六》：高祖踐祚，除吳興太守。
Beklenen çarpan değeri ise 2 olsun (bu değer para politikası ve diğer destekleyici araçlardaki uygulamalara göre belirlenecek ya da değişecektir).
This episode was produced as the Halloween episode.
A cobbler is someone who repairs shoes.
En güzel albümlerinden birisi Coltrane, Julian Adderley, Bill Evans, Paul Chambers ve Philly Joe Jones ile yaptığı Kind Of Blue albümüdür.
Both of Khan Gali and Mastkhel are famous for their furious nature.
Jonathan's life become miserable when Dio Brando lives with his family, eventually resulting his father's death as Dio became a vampire.
A game ends when the players go around the board once.
Her servants called her their queen, but Henry called her the "Dowager Princess of Wales".
」孫禮便說：「從法律上而言，郡界能以當地的墓地範圍為憑，以決定兩郡之郡域；另一方面，當地宿民遺老的經驗及意見，亦可作為參考之用。
From 1935 until his death, he published 12 novels, two short-story collections and eight plays.
睡眠多維圖檢查費用昂貴，並非很多市民能夠負擔。
This was followed by Transfusion in 1993.
The degree of difference in the DNA suggests this species split off from our family tree about a million years ago, well before the split between our species and Neanderthals.
It is a coffee table citation which is used next to a person's bed at night time.
臨床心理師的基本功訓練，以「心理病理」為基礎，進而延伸到「心理衡鑑」與「心理治療」。
'in tavsiyesi ile, Hitler, uçak destek, bakım ve tedariklerin Göring elinden alınarak yavaş yavaş Kammler'e aktarılmasını sağladı.
The show was low rated at first.
Although not mentioned by O'Keeffe, the Mirror article also brought into question unedited footage which appeared to show Fielding and Karl Beattie faking 'paranormal' occurrences such as ghostly bumps and knocks.
Knology is an Internet and cable company.
It was replaced with Julian.
Also, men usually ate at a different table than women, but now they eat all together.
Babası da annesi de hayatta değildir.
They did it in a way that did not pay attention to qualifications or laws.
Almost the entire length of the route is dirt or gravel road.
President Bartlet has made three appointments to the fictional Supreme Court and maintains a full cabinet, although the names and terms of all members have not been revealed.
Though the men faced miserable conditions, they were confident they could hold the field the next day.
KidsWorld Sports, HIT Entertainment’s Wishbone reruns and Kratts’ Creatures were planned as exclusive programs for the network.
The movie took about twenty days from 11th February to 3rd March, 2016.
Šípek was known for his individual, unusual, colorful and rich style.
Today’s composers have combined some of these ideas to develop their own styles.
He has won five medals in his career in the event.
在早期台灣演藝圈與黑道的糾結不清下，再加上許不了成名後累積的人情壓力，許不了被槍械與人情債押著，不斷四處奔波、軋戲，日夜顛倒，
It was staged the same year in Paris.
Prusya mavisi, birçok zemin pigmentinin yapabileceği gibi son derece hassas referans yüzeylerini aşındırmayacağı için tercih edilir.
In 2012, about 344,833 people lived in the city area.
Ozzie and his daughter Heather.
红色的树木沿河岸生长；该镇还包括有白沙沙滩的大岛屿。
These programs allowed students to birdwatch.
To perform a legal break, either a ball must be pocketed in a called pocket or the cue ball and at least two additional colored balls must touch rails.
This song reached the top five on the US Billboard Hot 100.
The Bellandur Lake Road starting in Yemalur is the way towards Bellandur.
Bunlar β- iyonon (viyola aroması), damaskenon (egzotik meyvelerin aroması), β-damaskon (gül aroması) ve β- iyonol (çiçek ve meyvelerin aroması) gibi güçlü kokulu bileşiklerdir.
它的标准分辨率在1-5Mb之间，通过补充额外的克隆可以将其提高到40kb左右。
當出現這種情況時，天下的君子都必定會指責他，更遑論攻一個國家了 citation 。
Sean Paul "Dutty Rock" albümü ile 2004 senesinde En İyi reggae albümü dalında Grammy ödülü kazandı.
直到現在，原本預定冬季發行的「Art Formula」仍然還未推出。
They have built more prisons than schools.
People begin to bury dead people.
Uzayda kendiliklerinden ölecekleri için Cumhuriyet bundan sorumlu tutulmayacaktı.
Perfect information is a type of common knowledge.
But the magic is still alive.
This phenomenon is often described in terms of "selective attention" or "selective hearing".
Another solid positional line is the Modern variation.
Depending on the total cost that the monopoly has, a monopoly may be able to earn supernormal profits in the long run.
It was co-written by Spears herself.
In 2009, he became a top scorer with 27 goals and Cerezo was promoted to J1.
Sacramento was a railroad town.
Albümün ikinci single'ı 'Peace', 2009 yılının Haziran ayında yayımlanmıştır.
Because of this, he was named chief councilor of the Shogunate in the summer of 1787.
It was originally H3 / C3 before opening.
It has 4.5 million sightseers each year.
The film was a blockbuster and earned him the Filmfare Award for Best Director and the Filmfare Award for Best Screenplay.
Many buildings were destroyed.
It enters to the Ariake Bay.
Some weapons are better against others.
There are a number of similar products, but none has proved more successful.
Both are easy to work.
This engine was known as the 'BOB'.
他在两次世界大战之间以放牧为生。
In others the Victoria line uses one of the older platforms and the existing line was moved toto a new platform.
，從概念到批准上市只花了10個月，完成了通常需要十年才能走完的研發步驟 citation citation 。
In 2001 there were 1747 people living in Seascale.
Isaac proved that they were held in place by the sun’s gravity.
，故紙模型除了有傳統的建築物、船艦、汽車之外，還有不少與動漫相關的角色，
·約瑟夫·馬利·喬治·布克桑（Auguste Joseph Marie Georges Bouxin）在1905年11月的航海日誌相衝突，當時艦長在日誌上稱讚耶拿號是一艘出色的船，在海上航行時整體穩定性良好，搖晃與顛頗的狀況也相對平穩。
Due to the first 11 days of the war, Egypt destroyed the myth of "Israeli invincibility" and greatly boosted the Egyptian army's image in Egypt after the humiliation during the Six Day War in 1967.
But Leonardo has painted soft shadows in the corners of Mona Lisa's mouth and eyes, to disguise her expression.
現今的教學區以文理大道與德耀路兩條人行步道為軸線，近年來校園東側已新建第二教學區，由力行路連結兩教學區，為東海創校以來校園空間最大的改變。
当前国内外生物技术应用以基因治疗为主，其产业价值在世纪初就已过亿美元，并以每年超过100%的速度增长，随着人类对自身生活质量要求的不断提高，增长势头必将更加猛烈。
Giant sequoia are much more recent in the fossil record, appearing 25 million years ago.
He has gone to sea, to search for Pinocchio.
The East Stand was designed by NYP Architects,as was the North Stand and the Corner Stand.
，低站台，2010年4月改造为高站台），9条股道，东西走向。
They can be used in other vehicles including trains and cars.
He made a promise to keep meditating until he was enlightened.
Anadoluda büyük sabanlara Köten (Azerice: Kotan) adı verilir.
On Camp Hill, the Union forces made a stand before falling back to Guard Hill.
本作于2011年3月25日率先在欧洲地区发售，3月27日于北美地区发售，4月14日于日本发售。
They are an old ethnic group.
Fefolt was also briefly the singer for Fifth Angel.
The ISTD provides training in a range of dance styles, with examination syllabi for students, and training courses for people wishing to become certified dance teachers.
He was a professor at Yerevan State Conservatory.
王永慶從養鵝中體認到：第一、人在困頓或失意時，若能像瘦鵝一樣忍耐飢餓、鍛練毅力，當真正的時機到來，必能迅速地強壯起來，而一鳴驚人。
Ebbinghaus tarafından tanımlanan öğrenme eğrisi bir kişinin bilgiyi ne kadar hızlı öğrendiğini gösterir.
，1979年考入德宏州民族歌舞团，从事戏剧表演。
It has Kuwait's parliament (Majlis Al-Umma), most governmental offices and the headquarters of most Kuwaiti corporations and banks.
Often the tsar came.
Then he was married to Elize Stephenson until her death.
，而这张专辑是否仍会发售目前还是未知数 罗马尼亚语和丹麦语维基上将《拯救世界》视为她们的第2张专辑。
However, it used to be called Hall of Valence Mary and only in 1856 the name was changed to the current one.
Fiver, a rabbit with a gift for seeing the future, living at Sandleford Warren, sees his home being destroyed by a land developer in the future.
Maria Bulacan and high school at St. Paul College of Bocaue.
拉丁美洲的唐人街有中国和拉丁美洲混血的最早移民和来自东亚的近期移民。
Even the gods have their threads and are therefore not immortal, though the Norns hide the strings from the gods.
The post office was renamed Kinsley in January, 1874.
囊泡虽然看起来较小且结构单一，但也有不同种类，其区别在于不同的膜蛋白。
，其中锡和铅的成分都必须大于2%。
The report was known as the "Secret Speech" because it was delivered at a closed session of Communist Party delegates, with guests and members of the press excluded.
Then, the management added the letter "Z" to the name.
It may also be a line in a poem.
Maxentius died in the battle.
Sanayi faaliyetlerine hemen daima yüksek nüfus yoğunluğu, yüksek yaşam düzey, büyük miktarda enerji tükeitimi,düzenli ve büyük taşıma gücü olan ulaşım sistemleri,büyük ölçüde tüketim ve son olarak da siyasal ve askeri güç eşlik etmektedir.
作为站房的东楼层高大约3-4米 citation ，
Heinz "Heiner" Kördell (8 January 1932 – 2 October 2020) citation was a German footballer.
It starts in the County of Dorset near Chedington.
'ni kullanarak, o pencerenin yönünde ilerleyerek Scroll Ball'ı kullanarak bir pencere seçmek mümkündür.
It was one of the most expensive artworks ever sold.
Also, because the Muslim-majority region of Gorontalo left North Sulawesi to become the new Gorontalo (province) in 2000.
NASB是由希伯来文、亚兰文和希腊文的原版译本，基于与1901年的美国标准版（ASV）相同的翻译原则和措辞。
She sang the critically acclaimed "Downhearted Blues" in 1922.
However, he said it "didn't worry Granat in the least".
A IRMS is an mass spectrometer with a detector designed to measure a few select ions and return values as ratios.
The radios can be on both the uniform and in the patrol vehicle.
Subtropical Storm Nicole was the only subtropical storm in 2004.
More recently, victims of natural disasters have been buried in mass graves.
；並於2014年4月27日20:30-21:00在本港台及22:00-22:30在亞洲台播映《顏色革命．十年反思 製作特輯》。
Deira first came under the control of the Angles in 560 under their leader Ella.
一共有十四道来自太阳的光线，从左边的两道较短的开始，第三道较长，然后长短交替。
They were forced to adopt the white man's ways.
Topological map of central Scotland.
Chapel was built.
The Maastrichtian stage in Mongolia had a wetter and more humid climate than the previous stages.
The initial capital allocation key was determined in 1998 on the basis of the states' population and GDP, but the capital key has been adjusted.
Julie Frances Cobb (born May 29, 1947) is an American actress.
Music written in this key is considered very difficult to read, which means that little music was written mainly in this key in the Classical era.
He was the Chairman of Yorkshire Forward, the Regional Development Agency for Yorkshire and the Humber.
Players control one Ed at a time, each with his own unique strength and weakness, and may dynamically cycle through the three main characters.
Many toads also burrow, though that depends on the environment that the toad evolved in. Toads lay eggs in strings attached to rocks, unlike true frogs which lay eggs in a jelly-like mass.
The video is based upon a 1960s routine performed by Gwen Verdon.
The two versions were an all-wheel drive version, and a two-wheel drive version.
相反，耶魯要艾爾·卡彭和他的手下設置埋伏，並且對洛內甘、Aaron Harms、James "Ragtime" Howard、Paddy Maloney、Cornelius "Needles" Ferry和James Hart開火，洛內甘、Ferry和Harms都被殺死，Hart則受了重傷。
Hackers' use of instant messaging networks to deliver malicious code has grown consistently from 2004 to the present, with the number of discrete attacks listed by the IM Security Center citation having grown 15% from 347 attacks in 2005 to 406 in 2006.
Children are often punished very strongly if narcissistic parents are not responded to in adequacy.
It is the smallest region in Italy, and is not divided into provinces.
'nin daha büyük 2.3 L (2341 cc/142 in3) versiyonu gerçek ayırt edici bir farklılıktı.
Here are a few examples of biological weapons that have been used throughout history.
At that time, many executions were public events.
World Monarchies and Dynasties, ed: John Middleton (London; New York: Routledge, 2015), p. 150 Pepin left the kingdom to his two sons, Charles and Carloman.
He was buried at Trinity Cemetery and Mausoleum in Manhattan, New York on February 4, 2013.
This march does not start with an introduction; it starts with a fanfare with a bass foundation of sustained power for 32 measures.
It was their highest charting single in the UK yet.
他们潜心研究计算机、互联网和密码学技术，
It was developed mostly for science and engineering.
Because of this, the islands that make up Tuvalu are threatened by any sea level rise.
Research has shown that the perpetratros either want to kill or hurt fellow students, or they want to hurt teachers/professors; cases whjere both groups are targeted are rare.
This could be expressed as two sets of plotted points: one for you and one for your brother.
LIGO Bilimsel İşbirliği LIGO teknik ve bilimsel araştırmaları düzenleyen bir forumdur, kendi gözetimiyle LIGO Laboratuvarından ayrı bir kuruluştur.
Harry Hall, the team mechanic, said that Simpson's last words were "Go on, go on!"
Harold Ray Denton (February 24, 1936 February 13, 2017) was an American civil servant.
Abdullah Khan aynı zamanda eğitime önem veren hayırsever biri olarak bilinir.
Nearly, only one Chief of Army Staff (Chhatraman Singh Gurung) belonged to Non-Chhetri/Thakuri caste.
In a molecular cloning experiment, the DNA to be cloned is got from an organism of interest, then treated with enzymes in the test tube to get smaller DNA fragments.
It is useful because it provides a reasonably detailed image from very limited radiation exposure, compared with a CT scan for instance.
Because of this, he told Kim's mother that Kim should continue to train and become a competitive figure skater, as Yuna had perfect conditions and great skills for her age to become a figure skater.
傳統的浴衣大部份以藍色染料染製的棉布製成，但現在的浴衣顏色選擇已變得多元化。
He was fled from war in 1971, but after winning the liberation war, he came back from the cave and pretend to be a freedom fighter.
In this case, the player will return and join the tribe which loses a member at the next Tribal Council.
The city has the smallest population in Texas.
Later he formed the Chicago Flying Saucer Band which was renamed "The Mighty Flyers".
At this temperature, electrons can move freely through the material.
He tells her that she was involved in an accident ten years ago.
These included two live ones, and a "Best of" collection.
;最多入球 http://www.qosfc.com/qosaz ：
Each land votes as a block.
He was a Knight of the French National Order of Merit in 1991.
著有《匙河集》、《新星商会和其他散文》、《歌曲和讽刺》、《大峡谷》、《旷野之蛇，不起眼的故事》、《脾》、《马克·吐温画像》、《林肯传》、《伊利诺伊诗篇》等书。
Sometimes, a gay child will have to go to a "treatment" without choice.
Retrieved on 22 September 2008.
For notable deaths before the current month, please see "
Other countries like Japan have different 2G protocols.
Two businesses which had a lot of people working for them in the years 2000-2001 were Mervyns, with 2,000, and Pacific Bell, with 940.
This symphony is still very popular today.
It was released by Vagrant Records on April 11, 2006.
'i kullanmaya başladı.
Sovyet operasyonları sürekli olarak Luftwaffe tarafından vurulmuştur.
Numerical solution of partial differential equations: finite difference methods.
Mrs. Jin's team thinks that replacing the paired electrons with the paired fermions would result in a room-temperature superconductor.
Approximately one third of the IWA's income is derived from membership subscriptions, the remainder coming mainly from the funding of specific research projects by trusts and foundations, and other public and private organisations.
He modelled them on temples, pyramids, and ancient ruins which he read about in the books he studied at the French national library (Bibliothéque Nationale).
The third meeting of the Exekutive committees of the Soviet Union changed the flag on 12 November 1923 into the more well-known version.
People who love memes, tend to call it the "meme ban".
She recorded often with her husband.
Former member Donnie Steele will do Paul Gray's part while the band is playing live shows.
八根龙柱之间，有八幅砖浮雕佛教故事图像：正南面为三身佛像；西南角是释迦佛说法像；西面为悉达多太子诞生图像；西北角一幅是释迦佛雪山苦行修定像；北面为观音菩萨与善财龙女像；东北角是佛为天人说法像；东面一幅为释迦佛涅像；东南角是波斯慝王及王后侍佛闻法像。
There are two cities that make up Bremen.
Hammer's version (featuring Wee Wee) helped make "The Phat Daddy Pop", "In Pop Nito", "River Pop", "Deliver The Pop" and "Pop'n It Up"
The surrounding area was mostly marshland.
一般而言，四位評審與主持人黃子佼的投票抉擇，是看當時張小燕的抉擇是否要被指定者全部說出。
在2005年1月的時間表修正前，在早上和晚上設有數班列車，來往新岐阜站（現時為名鐵岐阜站）・新鵜沼站・新名古屋站（現時為名鐵名古屋站）至豐川稲荷站之間的定期特急為毎小時1班，以全車特別車的型式運輸 。
F-T factory equipment is expensive, and has high operating and maintenance costs.
In the past year has been an Honorary Citizen of the Commune Wolin.
The US government has never given the missing organs back to the family.
，宋翔鳳的詩〈哭外兄劉申受禮部逢祿〉說：“一歲長余同寂寞，千秋待子忽淪亡。”
People argued about this production, too.
Lolanto受上司斥責，Lolanto竟驕傲稱相信江大新本人器量。
狼人（Lycanthrope），又称人狼（Werewolf），是一種傳說中的生物，
Between the 2007–08 and 2011–12 seasons, Wolfsberger AC united with SK St. Andrä to compete under the name WAC/St.
血壓之測量可以分為直接測量與間接測量兩種，直接測量法首先於1733年由哈勒斯把玻璃管直接插入馬之頸動脈開始，經過一連串之研究與改良，至今把針頭或導管插入動脈管徑內，連接導線和轉換器，即可在紀錄器上得知血壓之正確值。
沧州车务段 citation ，
There are a lot of celebrities with the name Andrea.
'nda oynanan maçlardan ilkini 48,722, tekrar maçınıysa 23,325 kişi izlemiştir.
Male penises or normal traditional vibrators sometimes are unable to reach the g-spot.
Ayrıca, moloz havzaları yalnızca dağlık araziyi boşaltan akarsuların bir kısmından enkaz akışlarını tutabilir.
American Indians usually made decisions about war and peace at the local level.
There were two entrances through the bank and ditch – at the north western and south eastern ends.
It was established on 2 January 1932.
，因此舰只受命暂时停航直至能见度提高，这样它们方可安全通过防御雷区。
有些物種的眼球具有四種不同的「感光體」，
Kerberos' brother was the two-headed dog Orthrus.
It got its name from its pointed shape.
The adult male frog is 1.61 1.0 cm long and the adult female frog is 1.8 to 1.9 cm long.
The tadpoles can swim well in the fast water.
Performed between the years 1818 and 1822.
Bu nedenle MTTB Hatay'ın Türkiye'ye katılımını desteklemek amacıyla bir miting organize etmek istediyse de, bu isteği reddedildi.
It was designed by artist and sculptor, Sir Reginald Samuel.
Timelines are particularly useful for studying history, as they convey a sense of change over time.
Richard genç yeğenlerini 1483 yazında verdiği bir emirle öldürtmüştü.
There are other interesting beaches such as those of Gommier and Guinaudée.
An example of this is the name of the Yao people.
He served in the Marine Corps for 39 years in both staff and command capacities.
成頓首言：「太子仁明，廷臣皆賢，輔導之事非愚臣所及，請歸備蠻。
Since 2009, Belgian law identifies the eldest child of a Belgian monarch the royal heir.
Joan Allen (born August 20, 1956) is an American actress.
Davis ran an experiment that involved having people lift weights with one arm and not the other.
The recording became half of his first album, and the rest was filled out with other music, like "The Motorcycle Song".
The civil parish is the most local unit of government in England.
They spent 20 minutes at the bottom, but were unable to see anything because of the mud stirred up by the bathyscape.
For example, Ling Zhi Cao (Cordyceps) can be substituted with an inactive form of the herb.
There were 245 women and 207 children among them.
After divorce the former husband is responsible for education, food and residence of children.
The capture of the town is made famous in a song called John Gilbert.
，並宣布結束戰爭 citation 及簽訂和平條約 citation 。
On those patches, hair will fall out, and they will feel numb to the patient.
His best known works were A Day in the Death of Joe Egg, Passion Play and Poppy.
The journey by ship was known as the Middle Passage.
，引入兩家外資公司加入市場競爭。
People with a tremor are not necessarily sick.
One banana split has 893 calories.
西部围栏蜥蜴（学名：Sceloporus occidentalis；英语：western fence lizard、blue-belly）是刺蜥属的一种蜥蜴，分布于美国西部和墨西哥北部 citation 。
人類從19世纪末開始研制抗蛇毒血清，
，全称清華大學蘇世民學者項目 citation ，並在2016年正式成立書院並首次招生 citation 。
The surname "Japón" is a shortened form of "Hasekura de Japón".
They have leaf springs and arms to hold the axles.
Currently, the Local Government Act of the Ministry of the Interior applies for the creation of a provincial city.
Presocial behavior is much more common in the animal kingdom than complete eusociality.
Accelerometers are commonly made up of piezoelectric, piezoresistive or capacitive components.
On April 2, 1979, there was a leak at one of the plants just outside of Sverdlovsk that made anthrax during the Cold War.
Both Admiralty and Central stations became interchange stations with the Tsuen Wan Line.
"Spontaneous Inflation and the Origin of the Arrow of Time".
Jason adında bir ikiz kardeşi vardır.
其俗至冬辄方牝马与其上，言其龙种。
These cars were rebuilt and reused after the war.
This resulted in a large amount of gas being funnelled into the galaxy's core over the last 200 million years (myr).
Once all the oxygen in the closed off area is used by the fire, it will go out if it cannot get more oxygen because it needs oxygen.
The idea of the game was created some time before the game came out, but many workers in FromSoftware did not think the game would be popular.
，稱作“Colegio de Niños Huerfanos de San Juan de Letran”。
She tends to complain about a lot about what the Griffins do in the house, though she also tends to keep the family connected.
"-cycle" meaning wheel.
。 citation 2003年9月及10月，
Laura負責一切，因為她贏得了最佳圖片。
During the fight that follows, Ellidyr throws himself into the cauldron, destroying it.
A spotfest is normally a fast-paced, exciting match with constant displays of athleticism.
Non Non Biyori Repeat adlı ikinci sezonu ise Temmuz-Eylül 2015 tarihleri arasında yayınlandı.
Birçok gazeteye üstsüz pozlar vermiştir.
Programming consists in removing connections.
Extension of Chebfun to periodic functions.
At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Caesar and Vitellius.
He worried whether he could meet the deadline date for the score, but accepted the job.
Its music video was released on March 24, 2008.
Helene was the only hurricane to affect the United States in 1958.
For example, in kidney failure, the kidneys do not make any erythropoetin.
Proceedings of the Royal Society B-Biological Sciences 276:2443-2449.
Last release: 20080720 launched, July of 2008, it includes Fedora 9 plus all updates as of July 18th, 2008.
It was made in Australia.
Only 1 3 of the 2.5 million rivets were assembled on site.
名为「HUGE」的巨大生命体出现在近未來的地球，人类面临毁灭的危机。
Won 1st round New Jersey Group.
Bailey bridges are in regular use throughout the world.
可选W12引擎或V8引擎（2011年至今）。
He might feel like he has to normatively conform to the group so that he will not be the only one to stand out.
Chaucer did most of his writing between 1369 and 1393.
Not being able to defend his legacy any longer, his overall approval rating fell, and most everyone today acknowledges his wrongdoings related to Watergate.
，強度折減（Strength reduction）
Below is a list of RM's own songs.
Transportation lines, which include mainly trams and buses, are usually marked with different numbers than usual, and their routes are also different, stopping at fewer stations.
儘管重建時發生錯誤，這個恐鱷頭部模型已成為一般大眾對恐鱷的第一印象。
Barbers sometimes have a pole outside, which is red and white in most countries.
The person inside the machine could see which pieces moved where on the chess board.
Breckinridge ordered his men to move forward and build new breastworks.
It has up to five hours of battery life with top brightness and sound and eight hours with both features on default.
Habitat destruction and hunting have reduced its range.
They have to work together to defeat the Dark Master, Malefor, once and for all.
Since dinosaurs were a world-wide group, they should only be listed under a continent if that is the only place where fossils have been found.
This means that it has a white muzzle and white rings around its eyes, and a white belly and inner leg.
He, along with Osiris, was often thought of the god that was "Living after he had died".
There are many kinds of garages used for different things.
The capital is Labasa.
When the Replica Cup was created in 1992–93, ROBERT GAINEY was spelled correctly with 1977 Montreal.
In accordance with Norway's agnatic primogeniture succession, Haakon became crown prince when his father ascended the throne in 1991.
He can be heard in over 600 records from the greatest Brazilian artists.
Gravity pulls both galaxies into somewhat new shapes, forming bars, rings or tail-like structures.
在2016年5月28日，人力資源辦公室正式併入勞工事務局,並改為廳級部門。
Belediye şimdi Eindhout, Veerle, Vorst, Varendonk ve Vorst-Meerlaar kasabalarından oluşuyor.
It was released on November 18, 1954.
From 2012 to 2013, viewership went up from 613,000 to 571,000.
The school became New Jersey State Teachers College at Glassboro in the 1930s.
He hit the ground and was seriously injured.
K-Cup'ın patentlerinden yedi ay önce Eylül 2012'de sona ermiştir.
He was married to Amanda Demme from 1994 until his death.
Notice that the suffix -thra, written as ทร์ in Thai, is missing in the phonetic spelling.
The police had several large groups hunting for them.
The CDU increased its vote by 3.5%.
It takes longer to get to distant floors.
He disliked the duchesse even more when Luynes died (December 1621).
In 2006, the screens were changed to a projection video wall. citation Then in 2009, the video wall was changed to 36 HD flat-panel screens.
Tabii Soğuk Savaş döneminin İkinci Dünya Savaşı'ndan bağımsız bir dönem olarak görmek doğru değildir.
叙利亚官方新闻机构却说“一些罪犯”袭击了军队首领，因此“导致几个袭击者死亡” citation 。
After a talk by Mr. James A. Conlon, of the Physical Culture Department, Mayor Mundy, of the City of Galt, presented each player on the winning team with a beautiful gold medal."
罗素认为，人所感觉到的是“事实”或“事实”的集合体，它既不能被认为是物理的，也不能被认为是心理的，而是“中立”的。
，期望将人类做决定、解决问题等等行为的步骤，严格地加以界定，
She finds that home has changed and that her friends changed too.
While Shepard and Mitchell spent two days on the lunar surface, Roosa made experiments from orbit in the Command Module Kitty Hawk.
Because of their distinction, the Sápara Nation became member of the executive board of the Development Council of Nationalities and Peoples of Ecuador, CODENPE.
'Jacques Audiard' (Doğum: 30 Nisan 1952) Fransız bir film yönetmeni ve senaristidir; Michel Audiard'ın oğlu, aynı zamanda önemli bir senarist ve film yönetmenidir.
；即利用臺灣本土特產的材料配合現代生活的需求，製造實用性及裝飾性的工藝品，便躍躍欲試，
，是血脂異常（Dyslipidemia）最常見的形式（其中包括任何異常脂質水平）。
彰化縣第四選舉區（員林市、大村鄉、永靖鄉）
Oceanus is the Latin word for ocean.
The idea is that the brain sees things as a whole.
Neck posture and feeding habits of two Jurassic sauropod dinosaurs.
He was married to Cynthia Applewhite from 1946 until her death in 2001.
The ardent devotees keep awake all night.
Swiss companies made indiennes, which are a kind of cloth.
Death Knights also have a number of ranged abilities to keep their targets from running away in battle.
Early drum and bugle corps was a year-round activity, where musicians performed at shows all the time.
Ethel and Margaret were two of the children.
Allah rüzgârı göndererek bununla Kâbe'nin yerinde bir kubbe yaratmış, bu kubbenin altında yeryüzü yaratılmış, yeryüzü dağlarla sağlamlaştırılmıştır.
These were not used in real life when he invented them.
This is the second time she has ever done this (despite her singing for eight years).
The movie premiered in Cleveland, Ohio on October 25, 2017.
He had to talk about Christmas in Russia.
The Encyclopedia of North American Indian Wars, 1607-1890: A Political, Social, and Military History.
She played at the 2010 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship citation and 2015 FIVB World Grand Prix.
He joined the magazine Afrique contemporaine in 1966 before becoming a freelance journalist in 1968.
For example, a statement like "Blue is a better color than green" is not a scientific hypothesis.
以低音絃樂和巴松管的四分音伴奏中，小提琴彈奏以增長版的符點「長短二音」節奏－－作曲家慣用的節奏型為主的新主題。
Homer goes him the money.
The Nichi Nichi Shimbun and Mainichi Shimbun supported the selection process during 1927.
A couple years later Gordon had again became commissioner of Gotham.
Several well-known geographical locations lie in Tyrol.
The gomphotheres lasted a long time, and were hunted by modern man.
Colonists loved to hear him preach of love and forgiveness as he had a different style of preaching compared to Old World priests.
Eastern Island (with the airfield) is in the foreground, and the larger Sand Island is in the background to the west.
In the English regions, the channel has been known from 2006 until 2013 as ITV1 and since 14 January 2013 as ITV at all times.
Charlie tries to help him to go through it and Patrick takes him to places where gay men meet anonymously.
People study names to better understand the past, the social meaning of names, or how places are named.
The object of the game is to make a connection across the board within the 60 second time limit.
聖貝尼托的座標為coord ，而該地的平均海拔高度為410米（即1345英尺）。
Telramund and four of his friends rush into the room to attack the knight, but Telramund is killed instead.
'dan bagımsız bir sürüm olan Linux Mint Debian Edition'ı (LMDE) duyurmuşlardır.
This is the nomination record.
“改组派”罪名杀害于洪湖瞿家湾 citation 。
The band bases its roots on experimentation and collaboration between different soundscapes and musical disciplines, hence the name ‘Fuzon’.
İçini kuru yaprak ve yosunlarla döşer.
電影原聲帶2021年3月18日與電影發行的同一天透過main發售。
"Does God love us"? and "Why is God angry with us"?
由於目前白色三角內褲主要是供小學的男生購買，因此白色三角內褲在日本的銷量是呈現逐步下降的趨勢。
Large deviations from the typical values will result in heat-index values which do not accurately reflect the perceived temperature.
然而由于兩岸分治，所以这条国道暫未實際建設。
Searching data bases and doing calculations are things computers do better than people.
，企圖在蒙古人佔領該城前將之解放，然而已為時已晚。
The book became a best-seller and helped popularise existentialism in Britain.
The International Committee for Weights and Measures was set up under the Metre Convention as an organ of the BIPM.
Matthew wrote that Jesus was born when Herod was king.
The age of the Earth is about 4.54 billion years; the best evidence of early life on Earth dates from at least 3.46 billion years ago.
This is not the same as ships used to challenge the blocking ships to break the blockade.
Joyce Carol Oates said Le Guin was one of the greatest writers.
‘Judge of the two combatant gods’
Many denominations believe that all denominations are part of a world-wide Christian Church and think that the most important thing is the "common faith" and not a common organisation or tradition.
The site is in an area that features a buried chalk cliff that overlooked a flat beach (which contained a waterhole) stretching around half a mile (1 km) south to the sea.
They are 1–4 cm long.
It is The Blob, a jelly-like thing from Outer Space that consumes flesh.
When the publishing company Rabén and Sjögren announced a children's book contest on January 28 of the next year, she sent a new version of the book to the company.
This answer has been used to show how out of touch with ordinary people the Conservative party had become.
Edebiyat tarihçisi Ferenc Kulin'e göre Kölcsey, bu zamana kadarki lirik gelişiminin zirvesine ulaşmıştır.
"Notes on the Name Duxbury".
From 2012 to 2013, he was the Minister for Water and Power.
在外磁场的作用下, 不同方向的磁畴的大小发生变化, 以致外磁场方向上的总磁矩随外磁场的增强而增加.
This meant that a number of local men, usually 12, would judge the case of someone accused of a crime.
Yapımcı ve yönetmen Hanna ile Barbera idi ancak filmlerin sahibi MGM stüdyosuydu.
It is like saying something like "cars move by motive spirit".
They become Ninja Power Rangers, and their new Zords are animals like the wolf and the frog.
The English captured the castle in 1417.
市谷加賀町二丁目內有大日本印刷相關設施、公寓、民家。
The injuries per cat were more, depending on the height fallen; up to seven stories high.
Following the release, in summer 2008 he will release his third album named Underground Love.
Li Dongying (Zh; December 14, 1920 - September 22, 2020) was a Chinese metallurgist.
Traffic cones are usually used to divert traffic.
此外，港鐵引入附例來防止乘客進行不當或危險的行為，
The ducks drop a tank of gas (called "Mr.
Amersfoort (2005), p. 139 Still this added only 1 1 3 division to the equation.
It is the largest national park in the world, with an area of convert.
It displays a golden aquila that is holding a cross in its beak.
El Grito de Sunset Park is a small organization that consists of five members including the three founders.
Kansas has had 47 governors since becoming a state.
On Saturday, 27 January 1945, Harris swam in the main race of the day at a swimming competition held to raise funds for the Bassendean Child Development Centre.
It is in the Arkansas Delta.
Since March 2015, she has guest presented numerous Exposure specials.
It should handle high current, not be much affected by temperature, have a low cut-in voltage and support quick changes in the direction of current flow.
The princesses redused to acknowledge the Barry and this caused friction within the court.
Because of smoking tobacco, she had also suffered permanent brain damage.
This input sets the infobox title (the default title is ).
Female eagles laid eggs that were too weak to withstand the weight of its parents.
Kinship tells us how we are related to our family or each other, through our biology and history.
He was thought by many other Go players as one of the greatest Go players in its history.
Atlantic University was originally intended for study of Cayce's readings and research after spiritual subjects.
But during the winter it shrinks and becomes fordable at most places.
Lake Chad was convert 7000 years ago.
It is not very rare.
Juan Aurich had a decent season and he retired from professional football shortly after the season had ended.
The prescribed punishments for these crimes range from 80 lashes to death.
Such trees are identified as possessing a special religious or spiritual value.
從援永平，下大寧、富峪、會州、寬河。
》2005年第11期，第41-42页。
It is a non-abelian group because it can make a difference which order when making a turn and a reflection.
Therefore, the tip of the spadix sticks a little bit out of the spathe.
The engineer Mieczysław G. Bekker showed that in natural terrain, small obstacles are much more common than large ones.
He was the President of the Economic and Social Council of Ivory Coast from May 2011 to June 2016. citation He was a founding member of the African Water Association, and was on the Board of Directors of the International Water Association.
However, some Christians - mainly Roman Catholics and Orthodox Christians- venerate her, which means they pray to her and respect her acceptance of God's will by willingly giving birth to Jesus.
Sumerian probably became extinct as a living language by the 18th century BC.
Stan Ridgway continues to release numerous recordings and projects, including collaborations with his wife, composer Pietra Wexstun of the electronic lounge band Hecate's Angels.
After everyone has left, SpongeBob becomes heartbroken.
Swine flu is common in pigs.
's High Commission Court to being whipped in public, branding and having his ears cut off.
The series focuses on normal problems that a teenage girl may have to deal with.
They are often performed when a certain part of the human body is injured, strained or in cramps.
電影在美國Billboard比分表排名第10，其中門票收入超過100萬美元。
At the beginning of his public work, Jesus spoke to His own people.
It can also hold the elbow in place when the forearm and hand are used for small movements, like writing.
FIPS codes are five digit numbers.
There was even a story about how the Transformers met G.I. Joe, another Hasbro toy line.
While Laura was a tropical cyclone, it never came near land, so no effects or damages happened and no one died.
These recordings are from the summer of 1934.
Roanoke was first settled around 8,000 B.C. At time of European Contact the island was home to Algonquian Natives.
In 1802 their family traveled to other countries.
I think in his first spell at Motherwell he was probably the best box-to-box midfield player – maybe not just in Scotland but in the UK."
On July 15, the JMA upgraded the system to a tropical storm and named it Tokage, and the JTWC upgraded it to a tropical depression later.
Mathra has a very high population of Saiva Vellala community.
这五艘船不限承重量，不限水手人数。
不过，由于这台显微镜“年事已高”，所以已经被束之高阁，无人再用。
This edition was started in 2003.
節目路線進一步偏離港人口味，又長期停製劇集，
The majority of Mandaean lay people do not speak this language.
As of 2010, it was the 16th most densely populated incorporated municipality in the country.
尤喜詞的意境幽美，句子長短交錯，讀來韻味無窮。
When the mosquito bites a human, its infected saliva goes into the human and can give that person dengue.
The composer Monteverdi wrote in the Renaissance style until about 1600-1650, when he changed to the Baroque style.
Many different types of paper can be used for origami.
"The Nilotic Sudan and Ethiopia c. 660 BC to c. AD 600" Cambridge History of Africa - Volume 2 Cambridge University Press, 1978.
最后还少不了一个克里奥尔花园，栽种着各色本地植物，如兰花、
The amount that a person pays for health care, called an insurance premium, must now be used by the insurance companies only for health care.
The taxonomic status of this wolf clade was disputed: the separate species Canis himalayensis was proposed, based on two limited DNA studies.
The Drake passage is also the shortest route from Antarctica to the rest of the world.
Arkadaşları ile birlikte Cinnabar Adası'na ulaşan Ash, burada yedinci rozet maçını yapmıştır.
Geological atlas of western and central Europe.
Currently, there are nearly 50,000 Istrian Italians; a small minority of the Istria peninsula population.
He joined the Movement for Greater Israel, and later the Tzomet party.
Kellner gave his ten-volume diary to his American grandchild.
Şeyh Halid, 2002 yılına kadar Katar Sıvılaştırılmış Gaz Şirketinde çalıştı.
This page lists players with wikipedia pages who played in the original Eastern Hockey League.
It was very poorly received by audiences and critics.
In 2001 there were 11,053 people living in Halstead.
If your heart slows down, the pacemaker will slightly speed it up, so that it goes back to a normal heart beat.
The Halifax continued to grow and in 1999 the Halifax bought out the Birmingham Midshires Building Society and Comparetheloan.
The two got married on 17th July 2020.
Pluto's atmosphere consists of a thin envelope of nitrogen, methane, and carbon monoxide gases, all of which are derived from the ices of these substances on its surface.
Due to its proximity, attention was immediately paid to it, and Mexico began issuing watches early the next day.
In 2000, he moved to Belgium and played for Mechelen and Louviéroise.
She played 7 games and scored 2 goals for Japan until 2014.
There is also a portable desk which is very small.
“We never want to cross that line.”
UNUNENIUM has not been discovered-but someone made it be called LIGHTINIUM (zigzag dragons).
The church was renovated in the eighteenth century.
，是集酒店、写字楼、公寓于一体的多功能、综合性服务设施，
The Reverend Stewart Headlam put up most of the £5,000 bail, Holland (2003) – Introduction by Sir Travers Humphrey QC having disagreed with Wilde's treatment by the press and the courts.
在《驅逐之戰》中，他和他的父親鴉羽以及其他族的貓到急水部落去幫助他們打敗入侵者。
Kansas City Japanese School, Inc. Retrieved on April 5, 2015.
Technicians went back to the original recordings, using new machines and ideas to make them sound better than ever before.
但是他仍然追查下去……究竟他是不是殺人犯，還是另有他人呢?
In Germany and Poland Sorbs do not use the old fashioned words "Wends" or "Wendish" to describe themselves.
The government formed "rapid treatment centers" where people could go for penicillin.
Nisibis, Midyat, Savur, İzbırak-Zaz, Baskavak-Ahmedi ve Dereiçi (Killit)'de bulunan eski dönem yerleşimlere tarihi kaynaklarda bahsedilmiştir.
Gem Archer was introduced as the bands new guitarist, replacing ‘Tim Smith’ and Chris Sharrock was brought in and the new drummer taking over from ‘Jeremy Stacey’.
In some cases activities such as kissing and hugging may be included.
Ripley existed in 1086 when it was held by a man called Levenot.
Geological Society of America.
Then in 2007, they formed the band again, but changed the name to "Guckkasten," a German word for Chinese-style kaleidoscope.
According to the 2011 census Idukki district has a population of 1,107,453. citation This ranks it as 416th among the 640 districts of India.
Kırmızı Listesi'nde Chiloé keseli sıçanı tehlikede tür olarak kabul edilmiştir.
Bush capitalized on a good economy, a stable international stage, and on President Ronald Reagan's popularity, running an aggressive campaign.
Uranium-lead is one of the oldest Boltwood B.B. 1907.
It can carry up to four people (including the driver).
Samus wins, causing the destruction of the planet.
MNC has started founded in 1997, and has been listed on the Indonesian Stock Exchange (IDX), since June 22, 2007.
The apparent volume of distribution (Vd) is the apparent volume into which the drug is distributed, expressed in liters (L).
，2015年7月11日停办客运，
Corvallis: Oregon State University Press, 344.
There are many different reference volumes called barrels, depending on the nature of the content.
Located on the Model Farm, it was a Jacobethan style and constructed between 1856-1859.
People speak other languages.
The show's producer Karl Sydow stated: "After protracted negotiations carried out in good faith, we regret to announce the production's offer of employment to Jimmy Nail has been withdrawn.
Today, ancient temples and ruins worshiping Thoth are there and what used to be Khemenu is now el-Eshmunein.
），字希之，江西吉安府泰和縣人，軍籍，
On 29 June 2016, Slipak was killed by a sniper shot near Luhanske, Bakhmut Raion.
Ben Moody left the band while they were touring in Europe.
One day when Carmen is watching a bullfight, Don José waits for her and then tries to make her come back.
By 1910 this had increased to 36 million litres.
Since 2001 he has been a board member of the Hilscher Rezső Social Policy Association.
，南开大学经济学院副院长李坤望任主编 citation 。
It is 5 km northeast of Terndrup and 16 km north of Hadsund.
Even with most of the visible Universe, we cannot interact with it in practice.
正德九年（1514）乐至县隶属于成都府简州。
In 1972 he moved to the University of Pennsylvania.
This is because then one can understand more difficult reactions or try to make a reaction work in a certain way.
All its major tributaries enter the Tagus from the right (north) bank.
Varyemez maçı kazanıyor gibi görünüyordu.
Because there is no need to pay licensing fees in order to build the player, today many software MP3 players are free.
One may die if they combine multiple drugs.
There are two kinds of angular momentum: the spin angular momentum and the orbital angular momentum.
The Information Line is answered by ADA Specialists.
The group was established in 1984.
，導致Z的引擎失去運轉的平衡，擁有意識般的動能，也增加排氣量（由原本的3096c.
The Centaurus' construction started in 2005 and finished in 2011.
The story of this drama was the life of doctors who worked at obstetrics.
Romans were used to facing their enemies in the field and the people wanted to see a quick end to the war.
His father was Lord Ritchie-Calder.
Tall and strong, Evans was sometimes called "The Gentle Giant".
In The Suite Life of Zack and Cody, she played Agnes.
She also played roles in series like The Sullivan sisters,Come On, Get Happy: The Partridge Family Story and Angel in Training.
Sidney, Jerry and Tom go back to the campus and find Derek in the auditorium tied to a crucifix, his mouth gagged with duct tape.
Battle Royal is a multi-competitor match type in which wrestlers are eliminated until only one is left.
There are over 90 million Baptists in the world in nearly 300,000 churches.
每集邀請重量級明星嘉賓深情對話，細數閃光燈前後的生活，以及分享對人生的想法。
It is the first world title of WWE.
其學名一般均含有字根oolithus，意思就是「石蛋」。
加藤段藏（1503年－1569年？
She is the half-sister of singer Marlon Roudette.
The player befriends many other characters that help them along the way.
San Marino, CA: The Huntington Library.
The Jim Crow Laws racially separated parts of America between Blacks and Whites.
从它们的名字就能看出那条街巷的行业，比如洋行街经营外地特产，篾竹街经营竹篮加工，猪作弄前身是“杀猪弄”，后来一度改名为“萨珠弄”，钩玉弄则是“狗肉弄”。
A bottle of Canada Dry ginger ale.
There were also photos, a telephone book, and magazine pages.
可汗派人对源休说：“我国人都想杀你，唯有我不然。
While probing crevices with their head, they cannot see approaching predators.
，该组合同样演唱了由其作曲的《サヨナラの意味》。
It is a residential city, and the landscape includes apartments, parks and industrial areas.
The ruling Colorado Party’s response to the crisis was to flood police into the poorer neighborhoods.
There was more chrome parts and a built-in speedometer.
Climate also affects the buildings that people make, the clothes that they wear and the way that they travel.
So John Arable decides to "do away" with Wilbur.
If that information is missing or wrong, they cannot do much.
Poseidon was still angry with Cassiopeia and wanted to punish her.
Omega SA produces watches of a high standard.
In Japan, over 27 shops of Krispy Kreme doughnuts opened around the country.
The team that gets the cart to the other team's base first wins.
On 16 May SS-Standarte Deutschland approached the Canal through Zuid-Beveland.
Amloki catches Ratan stealing the jewelry and attempts to stop him.
We play with a steady beat so that dancers can follow it."
It is named after Lomonosov.
Some of the substances mentioned above can be used to treat certain diseases.
At its closest approach to the Avalon Peninsula, Isaac was still tropical, and had maximum sustained winds of convert and a minimum central pressure of 993 mbar.
Daha sonra ' filminde yine Marta Martin ile başrol oynadı ve Dakaria Tepes karakterini canlandırdı.
目前为止没有任何迹象显示谁将接任他成为第十季的评委。
It was developed by Sony Interactive Entertainment citation and released on October 13, 2016 citation for 399 €.
The Random House Dictionary says that: "The term Canuck is first recorded about 1835 as an Americanism, originally referring specifically to a French Canadian.
Galen was primarily misinformed about the human heart, liver and lower jaw bone.
Winnemucca was born in 1844 near Humboldt Sink, Nevada.
He was the co-founder of the Kashmir Independent Committee in 1963.
'nin ültimatomu doğrultusunda Gürcü kuvvetleri Ardahan'dan çekildi ve Değirmenköy de fiilen Türkiye'ye katıldı.
另外一次，在伦纳德的母亲到访期间，
It is directed by John Henderson.
In the past, Portuguese, Spanish, Dutch and the Kingdoms around this area fought over the riches in North Sulawesi such as spices, rice and gold.
Also, it cannot be destroyed.
信國新村與定遠新村遂於1992年成立信國社區發展協會，補足在行政體系上的不足，提升了社區的影響力。
In 1896 he attended the Republican National Convention in St. Louis, Missouri.
When Cope was 35, his father died, leaving him a quarter of a million dollars.
WS-ReliableMessaging是一块积木，与其他Web服务规范和应用特定的恶协议一同使用来构建完整的消息解决方案。
The modern forms appeared at much the same time.
Example showing effect of vector graphics and raster graphics.
During the 2004 event, a Top Secret reunion special had its premiere.
; 黑暗魔王（Darkness）
Current university president James Ramsey was not required to live in the house upon becoming president in 2002 because he was hired from the university's faculty and already owned a home in the area.
具體位置尚無定論，一般認為在雲南賓川或尼泊爾。
He was the leader of the United Thai Party and the Justice Unity Party.
根據1926年的人口普查，有6,335名庫曼丁人居住在俄羅斯境內。
But later, studies showed that there was another species, the Long-beaked Common Dolphin (Delphinus Capensis).
It suffered several Saracen attacks, which ended only in 1799.
二〇一四年九月十七日，慈善家及歐洲印版專家Frederick Mulder宣佈設於英國的Frederick Mulder基金將會捐贈二十三件畢加索陶瓷給溫美藝術館 citation 。
The female stays still until she raises her head and tail to allow sex.
The loads a missile may carry are called a "payload".
For instance, when we buy shoes to wear or food to eat, we buy from a retailer.
The movie was released on June 6, 2014.
Fletcher wanted to make sure the Japanese invasion forces could not sneak through to Port Moresby while he was fighting with the Japanese carriers.
Another name was Singgah Mata which literally mean "transit eye", but can be loosely translated as meaning "pleasing to the eye".
Category for all stars that are known to once have been the northern pole star or will be the northern pole star some time in the future.
His real concern, however, is that his relationship with his 18-year-old son Danny (Matt Keeslar) has been strained since the recent death of his wife from a heart attack during a domestic quarrel.
July highs average 85 °F (29 °C) or above, and lows average 55 °F (12.8 °C).
，不設光源及粒子相互碰撞計算。
Vlad gave key positions in the Prince’s Council to people of lower rank who were loyal to him.
），成立安东保安司令部，吕其恩任司令员、政治委员。
İthalat, özel ya da tüzel kişilerce, kamu iktisadi kuruluşları ya da devlet tarafından doğrudan yapılabilir.
The 2004 version of the game had infrared communication.
Frank Christian, jazz musician (d.
He started swimming when he was 3, and diving when he was 7. He did his first international competition when he was 11. In 2013, he stated that he is in a relationship with a man.
The following day is referred to as the 'Great Disappointment'.
In 1999, he was listed 77th in the list of the best players of the 20th century published by World Soccer magazine.
The distance between degrees of longitude is maximum at the equator.
The following examples illustrate how contour integrals can be calculated using the residue theorem.
Takei, Japon Amerikan Ulusal Müzesi ile yaptığı çalışmalarla da dahil olmak üzere insan hakları ve Japon-Amerikan ilişkileri üzerine birçok övgü ve ödül kazanmıştır.
The Théâtre du Châtelet was originally used for drama performances.
Recent insights into the genetics of inflammatory bowel disease.
Today geologists say that continents are actually parts of moving tectonic plates that float on the asthenosphere, a layer of partly molten rock.
At the age of five, she moved to teacher Vincenzo Scaramuzza.
With this approach, the translation will sound more natural, and may be easier to read.
Referees to clamp down on dangerous tackles.
小說後半，背景設在20世紀晚期，
The project was the first of its kind in Ireland.
Starting with the 2010 season, the second division is divided into an east and west group of six teams each.
A set of RAM boxes is called an array, and each box is known as a cell.
The glass tube is filled with some type of inert gas such as argon or neon with a pressure of around 5 torr (666 Pascal).
Starting in 2005, the Tokyo-based Euglena Company now markets Euglena-based food and beverage products.
The journey of sparks begins as the paths of Preeta and Srishti crosses with Karan.
，main領銜出演標題角色「驚奇女士」卡瑪拉·克汗 。
'nde büyük ilgi toplayan filmi Calle Mayor (Büyük Sokak, 1956) ise İspanyol taşrasına gerçekçi bir bakışla Franco yönetiminin övündüğü toplumsal barışın aldatıcılığını vurgular.
He was best known as the co-creator (with Gus Edson) of the Dondi comic strip.
This includes what they look like, their heights and their ages.
It is frequent for new physics to be discovered if experimental physicists do an experiment that current theories cannot explain, or for theoretical physicists to generate theories which can then be put to the test by experimental physicists.
以下内容整理自豆瓣音乐 citation ：
When airway remodeling happens the body may make many more submucosal glands and goblet cells than normal, which means even more mucous is made.
In 1984, Roman received a Dove Award from the Gospel Music Association for her album You were Loving Me.
描述物理系統的方程式所具有的對稱性，這最低能量態可能不具有，這現象稱為自發對稱性破缺。
However, Mickey and his friends usually have little trouble navigating in the prop room.
Enterprise launched an attack using torpedo bombers, but this failed.
Bu fistül'den sarımtırak ve krema benzeri irin akar.
Typical layers are around 100 μm thick, or about one tenth the thickness of a human hair. citation Prints can take anywhere from less than an hour to many days, depending on how complicated and big it is.
While some people might choose to "hide" a middle name for any number of reasons (i.e., they consider the middle name they were given to be an "embarrassment"), others have taken to celebrating their middle name (e.g., "Middle Name Pride Day").
His father died in 1833, when James Abram was 18 months old.
I will make your house like that of Jeroboam son of Nebat and that of Baasha son of Ahijah, becauase you have provoked me to anger and have caused Israel to sin.'
在其倡導下，上海第二醫學院成立全國第一個免疫研究室，積極開展工作。
该司郎中范鈁照见工主事茅国缙、王宗义候应升时加二级于司道中用，从之。
Cresap and his men resumed raiding farms and telling Pennsylvania Quakers that if they wanted it stopped they would pay the taxes they owed Maryland.
大圣伯纳德山口之下是一小湖，由几幢房屋组成的旅舍分布在山口南北两侧，原有的小路目前仍然保留；阿尔比斯山的第二高峰Mont Mort和Pic de Dorna居于山口之侧。
There is some debate as to whether he landed in St. Ann's Bay or in Discovery Bay.
It was similar to the Army Air Force Band because it had a large string section.
邓名世《古今姓氏辩证》（卷十九）：“谨按《壬子年拾遗记》曰：‘帝喾妃邹屠氏之地’。
She has an asteroid named after called 15811 Nüsslein-Volhard.
File:Davis Museum at Wellesley College.
Fossil raindrop marks have been found in the later Archaean, 2,700 mya.
Giovanni Sacco (25 September 1943 17 December 2020) was an Italian footballer.
Natron is white or without color when it is pure.
道虎溝足羽龍身長可能約1公尺，或者更小；
The waterfall is convert high.
In 2006, over one million students took over two million Advanced Placement examinations.
It is resistant to water and pollution, and has a range of different colours.
A third year student at Nekoma High School.
Ayrıca Washington için En İyi Erkek Oyuncu dalında Altın Küre adaylığı ve Davis için En İyi Yardımcı Kadın Oyuncu ödülünü kazandı.
He performed on the band's first four albums, Surfin' Safari (1962), Surfin' U.S.A. (1963), Surfer Girl (1963), and Little Deuce Coupe (1963).
Whitney ve Hilary adında kendisinden büyük iki kızkardeşi vardır.
Conversely, an annual grown under extremely favourable conditions may have highly successful seed propagation, giving it the appearance of being biennial or perennial.
Young children are egocentric: they see themselves as the "center" of the world.
The Oriya youths plunged headlong into the noncooperation movement being addicted to her war songs.
对象数据库由可变大小的blobs(二进制大对象)组成，可能是可序列化的，
The first season, titled nihongo, aired between October 6, 2014 and December 29, 2014.
Uenuku simply means 'rainbow'.
Wooden tablets have been found with writing on.
現在的文樂和歌舞伎『玉藻前曦袂』是以三段目的「道春館」的演出為範本的。
"Filed for divorce" means his lawyer presented an appeal for divorce with the court.
Other cities nearby tried to take the position of Teotihuacán.
The newspaper was founded in 1821.
The toads meet on certain ponds that they favour.
He has made or participated in the making of 47 movies.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art was founded in 1870.
All of these are known as sheepmeats.
And the Globish Text Scanner allows some 500 more words.
's "Top 100 Comic Books Heroes" list.
On November 9, 2015, the State Border Guard Service of Ukraine announced that Vasyl Virastyuk had become a Border Guard Inspector (serving his term at Lviv Airport).
Adding extra riboflavin can stop people from getting such sicknesses.
The economy is centered around the production of food, and agriculture in general.
Subgroups and important single languages of the Niger-Congo family of languages.
This means that there is a universal franchise in principle, and limited the Federal Parliament's legislative power to change it.
唐政府本企圖可借節度使來平定一些叛亂，不料這些節度使擁兵自重。
Harry Hayes, Ennis Hayes and Zenón Díaz in 1916 South American Championship.
Heap has also taken a number of big hits.
The University of Mysore and the citizen forums of Mysore continue to make efforts to preserve the lake by implementing several remedial measures.
The video consisted of Selena and the Barrio Boyzz performing choreographed dancing.
The part with buildings on the east side of the river is called the "East Bank", and the part with buildings on the west side of the river is called the "West Bank".
四年擢山东道监察御史，继协理江南道巡济宁漕。
后来她还在名字中间加上“摩根”，是为了“听起来更专业”。
Its mass is equivalent to the mass of tens of thousands of Milky Ways.
It is mainly about the little family farm inside the city.
索爾夫半島上的德國陸軍火力支援進行撤退工作。
Kendisi oyuncu Hans Ligtvoet ile evlidir.
During the attack, a blast from the explosion of gunpowder stored in Captain Jacobs's house was heard in Pittsburgh, 44 miles away.
Among the two trains types, Kodama trains stop at all stations, while the Hikari trains skip some of the stations to make the travel shorter.
A cryptographic anchor (also "crypto-anchor") is a unique identifier (or "fingerprint") that can be put into products and cannot be removed or changed.
You cannot see that tooth when an alligator's mouth is closed.
Her career lasted from 1953 to 1992.
The cave-dwelling frog lives in caves and between large rocks in sandstone canyons in the Kimberly region.
He was born on April 5th, 1985.
They mentioned that he could successfully portray teenagers, while keeping the pace fast.
从1889年到1900年曾在伍斯特医学院任教；1900年至1911年在西储大学任临床医学教授 ，后担任外科学教授。1910年到1924年在克利夫兰大学医院凯斯医疗中心（University Hospitals Case Medical Center ）担任外科主任 citation ，并创建了湖畔医院 。
Someone's sister-in-law is also his or her spouse's sister.
白洋淀足球场，2008年11月26日，更名为杨浦区青少年业余足球学校 citation 。
Test results often appear months after a car goes on sale.
Children may often feel homesick, especially when they are away from their parents for the first time.
Raj uses Sakshi To make Preet feel jealous.
The GM then regularly mails the newest game state to all players.
The henge enclosed several timber circles and smaller enclosures – not all of which have been excavated.
隨後，東濃鐵道當的一部分（此站至新多治見之間）國有化，
Creole is the majority language of the inhabitants of the Casamance region and is used as a language of commerce.
And, you know, fair play to those who dare to dream and don’t give up.
The name covers a whole group of very similar species.
A person who was born on February 29 may be called a "leapling".
She gave birth again in 2012 to Julien Howard.
Lawrence Franks Jr. (September 12, 1987 – June 25, 2020) better known by his stage name Huey, was an American rapper.
This is an error.
Rather than maintain his superior speed and evade the enemy fire being concentrated on him, he elected to reduce his speed and sought out still a third MIG-15.
Huge numbers of sharks, dolphins, tuna, sailfish, Cape fur seals and even killer whales congregate and follow the shoals, creating a feeding frenzy along the coastline.
Şirketler yapıları bakımından temel olarak ikiye ayrılır.
·韦伯斯特继续担任制片人sfn。
Üzerinde antik yerleşme ve tersane kalıntıları bulunur.
This would cause them difficulty in keeping their soldiers fed.
This means that Transjordan's objectives were seemingly in opposition to those Syria, Lebanon, Egypt, and the Palestinians themselves.
Yıl ortasında piyasaya sürülen 30'lü kutu satışların yüzde 25'ine yükselmişti.
Enso-Gutzeit was founded by Mr. Hans Gutzeit in a small town called Enso in Finland.
There are also boot boards or boot add-in cards that are more permanent than boot cards.
The BFG 9000 can destroy almost any player or enemy in one hit.
老挝在该届亚运共派出271人 citation ，其中139名为运动员，分别参加18个项目。
Programsal ve yayıncı etkinliklerini Vlado Maleski, teknik faaliyetleri ise Makedonya Halk Kurtuluş Ordusu Genel Kurmayı İletişim subayı Vasko Petkovski üstlenmiştir.
The Fox River flows through the city.
Their timing was right.
These poles are called "gates".
The player can choose how they would like to control the game as well.
He is best known for the movie Babette's Feast (1987).
They may change, from time to time.
Not have I multiplied my words upon words.
That section contains bumps, high-speed turns and little run-off area, but the track is very wide at this point.
Buna bir örnek olarak Brian: Portrait of a Dog verilebilir.
Only Brahmins used to use this pagadi in that era.
During the summer of 2003 Guerrero had begun driving a lowrider to ringside.
The BBL determines the national champion.
Oxford Music Online.
、《Dark Reign 2》、《Destroy All Humans!
Some scholars think the Gospel authors chose the order of the three temptations to make a particular point, not just because they were careless in telling the story.
On June 22, 2011, the group released the single "
The Southern Ocean is the second smallest of the five named oceans.
It has thick rubbery lips to eat dry, prickly plants and a large, haired tail to swat pests such as mosquitos and flies.
Many theologians still think so.
For many years, Argentina had said the Falkland Islands (a British territory) was actually theirs.
Paul Woolford ve Tensnake'in şarkısının da remiksleri yayınlandı.
至於B面歌曲「約定」同樣也被同名電視動畫選為第3期後半（第63話－第79話）片尾主題曲使用。
，以居民的期望「長久富有的町」（久しく富む町）命名。
He became CHP's nominee for the election.
He began to address big public meetings and asked them to overthrow the British rule from India.
On the tour, they played the Beach Boys album Wild Honey in its entirety.
Many other digital circuits with a clock signal can be overclocked (or underclocked).
孙家昶（1942年1月 － ），男，
先後有《續李瑞清後跋王鐸書卷》、《蔔運算元行書卷》、《臨中秋帖軸》、行書《臨米芾書軸》、行楷書《即是遠嗣五言聯》等書作。
此举大大增强了美国战略轰炸人员的信心。
The name comes from the black clothes they wear.
This gives warm, dry summers and cold, snowy winters.
The force of selection can be much stronger than was thought by the early population geneticists.
He later was the Third Deputy Speaker of the Riksdag from 1986 to 1994.
Sahyadri College Of Arts & Commerce is located here.
可是“三关”四周平原，无大山大河可守。
It is given in honor to a Latino or Latina writer and illustrator whose works best portray, affirm, and celebrate the Latino cultural experience in an outstanding work of literature for children and youth.
Bunu elektron dizilişine göre sıraladığımızda son katmandaki elektron sayısı 1 dir.
，3－5月是暑季，6－10月是雨季，11月－2月是涼季；山地多雨區年降水量達3000－5000毫米，內陸乾燥區500－1000毫米。
It never gets bigger than convert.
The action of the play ends with this battle.
注3：该类驾驶证持有人须每三年参加身体条件方面的体检，如果未能按时提供体检报告或结果不合格，驾驶证将被注销。
She and George then go to the docks to tell Ray, but he refuses to believe them.
The AS Val and VSS are very effective.
During this time, the slower tortoise has run a much shorter distance.
For example, in some people, acetaminophen can hurt the liver.
Their debate marked the history of Modern Architecture.
Infinite served me to try to figure out what my rap style was, how my voice would sound on the mic and live.
Assisi on the western side of the mountain called Mount Subasio.
例如“他是个~人，都欺负他”，“冒牌子的都是~货”，“这个好些，那个~些”，“这场病把身体搞~着”，“他的评语比我还~些”。
In Díaz-Martínez E. & Rábano I. (eds) Proceedings of the 4th European meeting on the palaeontology and stratigraphy of Latin America.
He won the Fantasporto Award for Best Actor in 2002 for his role in Bloody Sunday.
The modern practice of adult education: From pedagogy to andragogy.
Copper coins were issued at the same time, but none are known to have survived.
He was born in Brumov.
Putnam developed the two-level game theory that says international agreements will only be successfully if they also have domestic benefits.
In a flaccid state, the penis, like any other part of the body, receives a normal amount of blood flow.
A rationale for phylogenetic definitions, with application to the higher-level taxonomy of Dinosauria.
Projesinin bir parçası olan Çetin Tepe Barajı'nın etüt çalışmaları devam etmektedir.
THe above three types of marriage of course consist of arrange as well as love marriage.
Glass left the production team after only five episodes.
Today twelve volumes including more than 4170 items and more than 4000 illustrations and photographs can be retrieved by the user.
In 2011, about 2000 people lived there.
此外中涉及的許多驗收的弊案問題，
The DVD does not include the official music videos for "
When a coiled wire is introduced near a magnet, the magnetic lines of force pass through the coil.
結果反觸犯妨害秘密罪之嫌而被起訴。
Sömürgecilerin kullandığı İngilizcede ve Afrikanca'da kelime genel olarak tıp kelimesi için kullanılan bir argo haline gelmiştir.
It said that the angel of death is full of eyes.
Many generals suffered health problems because of their stress.
又與廵撫會議諸賑卹事，未及報，益憂懣。
切波斯基说，该剧的主角杰克·格林和他的母亲之间的关系其实在很多方面就是他和他母亲的一个缩影。
He was known for his work on von Neumann algebras and knot polynomials.
二月十二日生，行三，曾祖黃朝玉；祖黃伯聲；父黃循，倉副使；母曾氏。
He graduated from Jinan University in 1982.
They married on 10 July 1856 at Epsom Parish Church.
In recent times the organisation has lost out its middle rung leaders after most of them were arrested.
Several newspapers praised Sourcery for its humour.
They went inside and Fry learned it was a Suicide Booth that kills people who don't want to live.
Much like Strong, Shubin was a man passionately dedicated to his work and the two were often apart because of work, and would ultimately spend little time together before Shubin's death in 1942.
Marketing, Tim McGraw-Hill In most cases it is international company level (company have offices in different countries) market identification and targeting.
The surface is very flat, so the ball can bounce on it when bowled to the batsman.
Some people thought that foreigners were setting the fires.
'nunu daha çok olumsuz etkilemiştir.
She is proud, and so does not want her son to be “Mr.
She then released "So Am I" in early March 2019.
Mateus（有译作马刁士）是葡萄牙生产的半甜微泡桃红酒的品牌。
They are very loud and have a natural desire to chew wood and other materials.
、范鎧，有子范罕、范况（过继范钟）、女范孝嫦、女婿陳衡恪。
，造成11人死亡，5500人受伤的惨剧。
Winx kızları onu yenmek için Sophix gücünü kullanırlar.
It has the largest library in the region with 628 569 copies (307 514 books). is among the best national universities and South America.
Countdown to Extinction was released on July 6, 1992.
Bu liste MTV Film Ödülünü kazananları ve ödüle aday gösterilenleri listeler.
Sam Viviano on October 13, 2012.
中鼎大樓相較周邊的凌雲通商、葉財記大樓、
But in April 311 Galerius issued the general edict of toleration, from Nicomedia in his own name and in those of Licinius and Constantine.
Visualizing technical information: a cultural critique.
After leaving IBM, he joined the Hawaiian band Green Glass Cap Boys, created by his older brother in 1951.
He may have been born in Francia (France) while his father was in exile there.
Solo is killed by Ren towards the end of the movie after being stabbed by a lightsaber through the chest and falling to a deep shift.
"Şampiyon", çocuk oyuncu Rick Schroder'in (Filmde Ricky Schroder olarak yazılmıştır) ilk filmidir ve bu film için 3000 çocuk arasından seçilmişti.
，面積428平方公里，海拔高度78米，2006年人口26,100，人口密度每平方公里61人。
If the 30 second time limit runs out, the contestant doesn't get a strike.
Rooney was only 18 at the time, and the £23m paid for him was the highest amount ever paid for a teenager in the world.
Stepne, 40 litrelik yakıt deposunun üstünde bulunur.
Türkiye’ye nakillerini bekleyen Yunanistan’daki Türkler için sağlık ekibi ve sağlık gereçleri sağlandı.
As a matter of course, the plans were rejected.
The Qatar under-20 national football team finished second in the 1981 FIFA World Youth Championship.
He was a student of Clemens Holzmeister at the Vienna University of Technology between 1950–53.
Eventually the fighting became part of the Thirty Years’ War.
》記者謙稱，自己是粗人，碰到事情很多，當時都一一克服，說：「我也不怕，心裡想有人要殺我、打我也願意；如果因為國旗把我打死了，我相信：總統不來，副總統都會來跟我上香。
They were not a good team at first, though they won their division in 1975.
It did poorly at the box office.
This was a very long and hard process, and had to be done each time people wanted to work something out.
It was held off and on from 1953 to 1998.
The GPS receiver subtracts the current time from the time the signal was sent.
然而，在香港，要到一九五０年才正式成立香港的『教會聚會所』，聚會場所位於九龍天文台道（即今日的天文台道基督徒聚會所）。
Longevity stories are cultural traditions and lore about exceptional human longevity, with or without eternal youth.
Jabuticaba meyve dağılımı hayvanın tarafından yapılmaktadır.
The badge is used because the coats of arms of the prince and the monarch are very similar.
There are three main theories why the naginata was made.
Cardinal Mar George Alencherry is the current head of this church.
The two elements signify "fullness of grace".
It was based on the American Declaration of Independence.
A patient with gingivitis.
The British captured it.
After some modifications of the proposal, the states' governments and parliaments accepted the final draft.
过渡元素离子化时，大体是先失去ns电子，但也有先失去(n- 1)d电子的，
The 'World Ocean' is centered on the southern oceans.
The Airbus A320 family has sold more planes than the 737NG over the past ten years.
Money, Trade, and Power: The Evolution of Colonial South Carolina's Plantation Society.
In Latin America, it is also traditional for the descendants of the old criollo aristocratic families to wear signet rings in the Spanish tradition.
"a race subordinate to species, that has originated and persisted under cultivation; it is not necessarily, however, referable to a recognised botanical species.
，亦歷任美國駐香港總領事及main等職，
The cysts range from pea-sized to just larger than an orange.
Children learn signs for words, questions, phrases, movements, colors, sports, days of the week, everyday objects, and activities that are done a lot.
One of the most important things they found was they had made an error about the kinds of rocks underground.
，但并未对其造成伤害反而是胡德号在战斗开始后不久便被俾斯麦号的主炮炮弹击中主炮下部弹药库造成诱爆沉没，威尔士亲王号随后在两舰的攻击下重创被迫逃跑。
Civil Aircraft Today.
All first year "Freshman" students must take a horticulture class.
Kaydu; Altın Orda Hanlığı, Çağatay Hanlığı, Cengiz soyundan bazı asiller ile Oyrat, Kanglı, Kıpçak ve Kırgız gibi önemli boyların desteğini alarak 1273 yılında Kubilay Han’a karşı isyan başlattı.
格林代爾的座標為coord ，而該地的平均海拔高度為4米（即13英尺）。
In The Nutcracker, the Sugar Plum Fairy stepped upon a scarf that Prince Coqueluche had placed on the reika.
English settlement of Bridgetown began on 5 July 1628 citation under Charles Wolverstone.
Later that year, a movie was released about her life.
The consonant /s/ gets changed to /sch/.
Devleti'nin yıkılışı ile Osman Gazi'nin, Anadolu’nun diğer Türk beylikleri arasında istiklâlini ilan ederek, Osmanlı Devleti’ni kurduğunu kabul ederler.
The Autonomous Community of the Basque Country has 7,234 km 2 (2793 sq mi), and its population is about 2,000,000 - about 5% of the total population of Spain.
Their lives are lived so much in the present that the reader realizes they are very different from us, living in something like an eternal present, or at least a present broken and shaped by seasons.
In these records his name is "Bu Bing",in Chinese:" 卜丙 ".
The type locality given is "Khasi Hills, India.'
; dünya üzerinde yaşamını sürdüren canlılarının hayatları boyunca ilişkilerini sürdürdüğü dış ortamdır.
Son derece nadir görülen hastalık et yiyen böcekler ve et yiyen bakteriler anlamına geliyor.
's Legislative Assembly for the Jammu and Kashmir People's Democratic Party.
Of the twenty-six captains, twenty of them have been with their team for their entire career.
He has a son named Leona who is also a professional wrestler and made his debut on November 19, 2013.
，後又收购重庆红岩汽车有限公司67%的股份 citation 。
Although none of the 172 onboard were injured, the plane was written off.
後來他的生意也常常在小班出現的時候遭到破壞，也因此害怕遇到小班。
Fakat ülkedeki oldukça az olan vergi oranları ve enerjinin çok ucuz olması bu mallardaki fiyatı oldukça düşük tutması beklentisi doğursa da gıda benzeri tüketim malzemeleri ucuz değildir ama elektrik ve elektronikte ucuzluk kendisini hissettirmektedir.
It meant someone who was 3/4 black and 1/4 white.
Hotel near the airport and a second hotel is planned.
Today, Hungary is a democratic republic.
At first, the band could not recognize him.
There are two theories of relativity.
The unconscious mind positions itself in every aspect our life whether one is dormant or awake.
另外，駛入關西機場站的非223系班次大幅減少。
，韦伊的名字有一段时间和它联系在一起。
岩漿來自大陸邊緣張力狀態下的上部地函 。
Oxen are cattle trained as work animals.
Today, Pompeii is in Italy.
The first colleges in New York State were established privately, with some arising from local seminaries.
Sekizuka was born in Funabashi on October 26, 1960.
The music for a gavotte has a four beat feel, with upbeats on beats three and four.
In July 2014, MAS moved into the Look Building at 488 Madison Avenue, across the street from its former Villard home.
An event at PJC shown Robinson's impatience with people he felt were racist.
A male vinegar eels’ reproductive system is smaller than the female’s.
Most subjects can be studied at two levels of ability, either an easier level or a harder level.
The International Standard Name Identifier (ISNI) is a 16-
Later, Weaver dated it at ~242–268,000 years ago.
World Archaeology, 17, (3) "Early Writing Systems", pp. 420–436.
Orthodoxy or "correct" belief is not subjective.
第1個是用空氣注射器標記異能者後，用衛星追蹤他們的位置，但現時這個系統已經失效，因為衛星已被摧毀。
In this case, the shortest edge is the one with the lowest weight.
Should he save the woman he loves or kill her and the child.
A person can laugh using mostly their voice, mostly their throat, or mostly their nose.
所有这些情况都是激发人们去改变电能流向之因素。
Judge of High court is Waqar Ahmed Saith.
"Sweet Love" was one song from the album.
All four ballades are from 8 to 12 minutes in length.
It was formed in 2009.
Schumann liked Brahms and could see that he was going to be a great composer, so he wrote an article in his music journal about him.
，其目的在于根除认为高尔夫是贵族运动和限制严格运动的偏见，同时去除传统高尔夫球运动的严格限制。
非官方宣布的任务，名称使用斜体字列出。
边检人员口头告知，接北京市公安局通知，向莉出境会危害国家安全，故对她实施边控。
European Seabass, one of only a few species who migrated from the Mediterranean to the Red Sea.
He said that he did not believe Hahn wanted to hurt anyone, but was worried for his mental health.
Note 8: Two were given immunity at the night's tribal council.
They also thought that most people were happy with their relationships.
When the Prince of Wales was killed in battle, Anne became a widow, and soon she was married to Richard, even though he had been her husband's enemy.
No. 05, season 04. For "Treehouse of Horror", there were even three different directors for the episode.
He thought every gift was part of an ongoing system of giving and receiving.
The bogota bag can be used in cases of 'burst abdomen' following laparotomies, especially those using a midline horizontal incision.
擅長足球，但卻毫無體力可言，而且也不會游泳。
Due to the salary cap, the Blackhawks were forced to give up a bunch of their players.
Tess Fitzpatrick, Professor of Applied Linguistics in the Centre for Language and Communication Research at Cardiff University, is the chair from 2015-2018.
One group got omega3 for 3 months and the other got a dummy pill (food oil).
She is a junior police officer with the Hallamshire Police.
After Romeo and Juliet have met at a party and fallen in love, Juliet goes up to bed.
Kitapları Almanca, İngilizce ve Fransızca olarak yayınlanmıştır.
There are three scenes from the story.
Sevatcow station on the Mazanderan branch of the trans-Iranian railway was built there during the rule of Reza Pahlavi.
Other religions such as Hinduism and Buddhism are mostly followed by immigrants from other parts of Indonesia.
反之早前拘捕一名32歲及20歲的男子，其中一人被控一項參與暴動罪、一項傷人罪及一項違反《禁止蒙面規例》罪。
Forty-seven complete or partial skulls were discovered in just that area during the decade 2000–2010. citation Specimens showing life stages from hatchling to adult have been found.
It is possible to see whether a gray whale is left-fineed or right-finned.
Her first stage appearance was in 1935.
Berman had written and recorded with the Silver Jews, he has also released two books: Actual Air (1999) and The Portable February (2009).
Dronacharya Bhishma and karna.it is believed that he will teach war skills to the tenth avatar of Vishnu (kalki) once he cutt of the right tusk of Lord Ganesha.
He also created the MONIAC hydraulic economics computer in 1949.
Winnie ile Willie'si (Willie İngiltere'de penis için yaygın olarak kullanılan bir edebikelamdır) arasındaki cinsel bağ, Winnie'ye göre eksiktir.
George Garrity (hrsg.): Bergey's manual of systematic bacteriology, Volume 3: The low G+C Gram Positives.
The Indonesian government has recognized this animist belief as Aluk To Dolo ("Way of the Ancestors").
According to historians and anthropologists, the Navajo were not the first humans to live in the Four Corners area, but they were already there in 1492.
The Wilis have their own motif.
The police come back to the house and search it, as the doctor hides near his swimming pool.
I believe this simile largely speaks the truth.
The first one is called the pioneer effect.
He petitioned there for a degree and was awarded an honorary Master of Arts several months later.
，引入身份证和保持英国核威慑力量等议题。
有鄭氏者，叡母之從母姊妹之女，戲語叡曰：「汝是我姨兒，何因倒親遊氏。
Vainglory is an example of a MOBA.
The difference is that with assisted suicide, the doctor means to cause the patient's death.
Craftsman was a style of architecture in the United States in the early 20th century.
數天後於1152年3月9日，腓特烈·巴巴羅薩於亞琛加冕成為羅馬人民的國王 Le Goff (2000), p. 266 而腓特烈四世繼承堂兄士瓦本公爵爵位。
In late December 2018, Hawke revealed that he was in "terrible health".
In web-building spiders all these mechanical and chemical sensors are more important than the eyes.
If the paper does not move, then it is unaspirated, or not breathy.
The spell makes everybody with the Andacondrai mark become Fake Andacondrai.
The Germans did not capture the main bridge intact.
，如果血量降低至零就会被判“阵亡”失去行动能力 citation 。
哈里斯氏大椎龍的化石只有前肢 。
Neal D. Barnard (born July 10, 1953) is an American author and clinical researcher.
He resigned from office to go fight the third Italian independence war: on this occasion, however, he committed several strategic errors, which cost a heavy defeat for Italy.
Their frozen bodies were found by a search party on November 12, 1912.
The object is to decrease the other player's health to zero.
Due to the number of cells available, an empty cell was left between the prisoners' cells, to avoid the possibility of prisoners communicating in Morse Code.
On Thai Poosam day, Kavadis and Palkudams are taken by devotees in procession around Chhedanagar.
Tolkien never liked it being published in three parts or called a trilogy.
Below the Level 4 there are a different number of leagues depending of the federal states.
，在溃散的士兵中得到制置使的大印，朝廷將其授予徐晞稷。
First husband Frank Duffield introduced Alice to poker when she accompanied him to his poker games in Leadville.
Léo de Almeida Neves (22 March 1932 – 2 November 2020) was a Brazilian politician, economist and lawyer.
A suitable venue might be a local hotel, public bar or private home.
Often uses the armored car of the police with whom ultimately erode the walls and doors.
This is a group of people not members of the state legislature who would decide whether or not to ratify the amendment.
Say: He is Allah, the One and Only; Allah, the Eternal, Absolute; None is born of Him, nor is He born; And there is no one like him.
Ray discovers that the body is a mannequin dressed in fisherman's clothing.
The San Pedro de Macorís province has a total area of convert.
保守估計在精神疾病的患者中，至少有10%是因為未診斷到的疾病造成其症狀 citation 。
He hates Spencer, because he had forbidden to him to play ball in the apartmenthouse.
此后河北地下教会陆续祝圣的省内主教有李思德（天津1982）、师恩祥（易县1982）、宋维礼（易县1982）、刘书和（热河宗座监牧/易县助理主教1982）、刘冠东（易县1982）、李振荣（献县1983）、陈柏庐（永年1986）、苏志民（保定1988）、裴尚德（北京1989）、赵振东（宣化1989）、韩鼎祥（永年1989）、张庆天（易县1992）、陈仓保（易县1997）、赵克勋（宣化2003）等。
Human Development Report for 2019, published in 2020.
A manually loaded firearm is one in which the chamber is loaded by hand each time the weapon is fired.
Adli mahkûmlarla çıkan bir kavga sonucu Bitlis Cezaevi’ne sürülerek hücre cezasına çarptırılan Necdet, 2 Ekim 1979’da idamına karar verilmesinin ardından Mamak Askeri Cezaevi’ne nakledildi.
On the thorax, there is a dark brown spot that looks like a human skull.
It seems probable that no single explanation will emerge: the general rule for honeyeater movements is that there is no general rule.
The country had a lot of problems during the election.
高地底下的路障最終被清除，费斯中校率餘部摸黑緩速前進，最終又在後浦北邊被志願軍攔截狙擊，志願軍在後浦北邊建立了路障阻擋特遣隊的去路。
Oxford textbook of public health.
If you take melange, you live much longer, sometimes even hundreds of years longer.
巴基斯坦航空起先未详细说明飞机受损部位，但有消息称，飞机直接被子弹或弹片击中 citation 。
It is strong, hard and water resistant.
Abe was born to a tribe of Mudokons and became a slave at RuptureFarms, a meat processing plant owned by the Glukkons.
Most of central Kosovo is dominated by the vast plains and fields of Metohija and Kosovo.
When Marge gets to the club, she confronts Homer with a crowd of women near him.
》：未久而袁、曹二公与卓将战于荥阳，败绩。
The Elvish languages or Eldarin languages are the languages of the Elves.
He was an advisor to the British government and to the Commonwealth Secretary-General in the 1970s and 1980s.
The Japanese government has selected 6 buildings and items as National Treasures.
It was also sharpened along the back edge to reduce its weight.
Christina Marie Kirkman (born February 25, 1993, in Melrose, Massachusetts, USA) is an American actress and comedian.
It is about convert long and convert across at its widest point.
He plays for Oriente Petrolero.
K. B. Ganesh Kumar is the current MLA of Pathanapuram.
The main character is Robert Parr (Mr Incredible).
Carrick Roads are the estuary of the River Fal.
Then in 1945 it was added into the commune of Saint-Pierre.
Heenan, however, grabbed the bag holding the remainder of the winnings and ran from ringside.
In June 2004, police numbers in Scotland were 15,714.
因来自印度东北地区，尤其是藏南的居民大多为广义上的藏人，
Daha sonra Türkmen savaşçılarından oluşan ordu, bu sivil teşkilata uyacak, onun gereksinimlerini karşılayacak bir yapıya dönüştü.
The Brahma Samaj helped reform the Indian society.
O'Dowd is also known for his flamboyant and androgynous appearance during the 1980s and early 1990s.
Pupusas - also known as pupisio - were first created by the Pipil in El Salvador.
Berkshire Hathaway and 3G would each own half of Heinz, with 3G manage the company.
House cats have also been known to teach themselves to use lever-type doorknobs and toilet handles.
，希望將跑車浪漫旅的真實帶到摩托車比賽。
熱愛學問的人－或稱「哲學家」－應該作為統治者，因為只有他們瞭解什麼是善，一個人如果生病了，會去看醫生而不是江湖郎中，因為醫生是健康議題的專家，與之相似，一個人應將他的城市託付與善方面議題的專家，
Ancient Records of Egypt, Vol. II p. 51. University of Chicago Press, Chicago, 1906 This quite possibly indicates that the raid against the Shasu was only fought on the way to Syria.
He believed in the natural origin of man.
File:80 Blue Sukhoi Su-17 UM-3 Russian Airforce (7724104334).
Protozoan parasites are also ubiquitous.
Kurangumala is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency.
José Luis Núñez Clemente (7 September 1931 – 3 December 2018) was a Spanish businessman and politician.
It is used to make clothes.
Robert Taylor was one of the greatest figures in Hollywood.
，常為互生，小為對生；葉軸常具有小瘤狀突起油點及叢生的細短柔毛。
Elsewhere, surf from Hurricane Pauline caused damage in Hawaii and either Pauline or the following system sank a sailing vessel.
Hayesville Elementary School covers grades K-4 and has 450 students.
Seventy young Kaw men were persuaded—or forced—to join Company L, Ninth Kansas Cavalry.
The Oregon Trail was first traveled around 1841.
The rate of unemployment in the commune has been very high, and was 20% in 2004.
She also played Hetty in Road to Avonlea.
According to one story the King forgave Handel because he wrote some lovely music called Water Music which was performed on a boat on the Thames at a royal water party.
In 2015, he returned to Tokyo.
The islands were uninhabited, and the first settlement was founded in 1462 on the island of Santiago (the main Island) which was divided into two “capitanias”, Alcatrazes and Ribeira Grande.
Louise Hippolyte and Jacques had nine children.
勉生二子：長五十郎學傳（六十四祖）。
U-17 millî takımının Sakarya'da kampı vardı.
Someone who is simple is a person who is not very clever or "streetwise".
该市镇总面积5.72平方公里，2009年时的人口为450人。
A balloon has no engine and has no way to change its direction of movement (except up and down).
It is one of the oldest independent schools in Britain.
In 2017 the municipality had about 13,000 people.
，描述麥克克里斯托將軍對艾江山被洩密的電報內容感覺傻了眼。
Other nicknames he obtained over his career include Big Dipper, and in Spain, El Mel and El Mucho Grande.
She also had many other movies.
It was created on 1 January 2001 by the former municipalities of Maules, Romanens, Rueyres-Treyfayes and Sâles (Gruyère) merged to form Sâles.
The RAV4 EV was an electric version sold in California from 1996 to 2003.
In Topics in Numerical Analysis (pp. 61–77).
He also received a Postgraduate Diploma in Public Health from the University of Liverpool, United Kingdom.
Area 51 'declassified' in U-2 spy plane history.
Safique, who is not a Muslim by temperament, and as a historian, thinks the Pakistan of today has separated itself from its roots and looks towards Arabian legends for his history.
They began playing in 1982.
The Momofuku Ando Instant Ramen Museum is named after Ando.
在反对派试图杀害一个什叶派家庭成员时，一名什叶派教徒引爆了身上的炸药，炸死了他本人及其家人以及多名反对派武装分子。
，听说元禧失败，就将元通斩首，将首级送到朝廷 《资治通鉴·卷第一百四十四·齐纪十》：河内太守陆琇闻禧败，斩送禧子通首。
She was a member of the United Communist Party of India.
Haye started his career as an amateur.
意大利語族受伊特魯裏亞語影響很小，
Arriving in Sicily, he was met with the news that his father had died on 16 November.
Two of his alleged co-conspirators, Marjorie Diehl-Armstrong and Kenneth Barnes, were indicted.
Meerut has a sex ratio of 886 females for every 1000 males, lower than the state average of 908; while the child sex ratio is 852, lower than the state average of 899. The district has a literacy rate of 72.84%, higher than the state average of 69.72%.
's Binghamton University, J. David Hacker, has made a new calculation of Civil War deaths which is about 20% higher.
The vagueness of listing Chinese as the official language allows for the wide use of Cantonese, as it is called a dialect of Chinese.
The nihongo flows through the prefecture.
It is not on the island, but it is was built by the people who drove huge beams of wood into the riverbed.
，羽毛球選手除了體能要求以外，更講究短時間的爆發力以及反應力。
She has starred in many films.
Holness previously served as Prime Minister from October 2011 to January 5, 2012.
It is toxic since it dissolves in stomach acid to make copper ions in solution, which can be absorbed.
On 15 November 2003 a Sprinter train going to Ballarat was derailed (came off the tracks) between Ballan and Gordon hurting 61 people when it crashed into a car on a country railway crossing.
Finally, it was destroyed in 1934 for the construction of The Garden Ring Although there were many objections to its destruction among the public and among many Russian architects.
Its aim is to become a "hub" (important airport) for the east of England.
For example: When Q1 is in static mode (looking at one mass only as in SIM), and Q3 is in scanning mode, one obtains a so-called product ion spectrum (also called "daughter spectrum").
A diver would breathe that air and swim in an and out of the bell to work until the air became bad.
The people of Rose Hall rely heavily of farming, and this village once was considered as one of the primary bread-baskets of St. Vincent.
It is also listed by the New South Wales Government, Endangered (Schedule 1, Part 1) on the NSW Threatened Species Conservation Act 1995.
He was the older brother of ITN journalist Terry Lloyd.
In 1944 he became a US citizen.
By 258–260, the Empire had split into three competing states.
跟隨釋迦牟尼出家後，他仍然保持原來粗野的個性，因此被稱為惡口車匿、惡性車匿。
While being taken to the prisoner of war camp, Messiaen talked to another prisoner, Henri Akoka, who was a clarinettist.
The term is also used for other similar flatworms.
Miranda fell to her knees while dancing with Durante, who quickly told the band, "STOP--the music!"
Woodland Sketches includes his most popular short piece, "To a Wild Rose".
If the climber falls, the device lets the belayer also hold the rope still, so the climber hangs in the air but does not hit the ground.
Bulls tend to have horns growing down, whereas cows will have horns growing up and out.
This town had a sandstone mine, and had a railroad that went through it. citation This town turned into a gost town and horsetooth reservoir was build on top of it.
Most frogs can lay eggs either on land or in water but not both.
It was given limited release on November 7, 2008.
That is more than any other player in history.
To reach number 10 on the Beatport Big Room chart.
At present there is no way of telling whether a piece of information will be stored as short-term memory or not.
This protected American businessmen from foreign competition.
As an objects, books can last for centuries, and many codices are in the great modern libraries.
Turmeric (Curcuma longa) is a spice, widely used in Asian cooking.
They returned in 1650, and this time they were successful.
That same year Gimnasia won the "Reserve" championship.
Individual cells can produce hormones.
That kind of study is discussed below; it is called a "
，更是连接印度本土与其东北部7个邦（
），包括以廣泛的修養為目的的文科領域和新開展的商貿及科學領域。
Christy noticed that a slight bulge was able to be seen every now and then.
The ego is the sense of self and the surface of the personality, the part you usually show the world.
The words “free software” are sometimes used in English to just mean software that can be downloaded without paying money, which is confusing.
She has made three CD albums with EMI Classics and has been described by many as the best trumpeter of the young generation.
This pattern occurs in almost all animals where the male displays and the female chooses.
，领导福建省的工作，定期向中国共产党中央委员会报告工作 citation 。
Passengers and crew get on board the ship.
Nemertean worms are long, thin, animals without segments.
Espada is the Spanish word for sword, sometimes used to refer to the bullfighter himself.
It ate standing on its hind legs and using its huge hands to pull the vegetation into its mouth.
但因为与锺会谗杀嵇康的记载不相容，所以存在反对看法 《嵇康被杀的原因和时间》。
They believe he wanted a round dome which would look more "restful".
Liverpool, penaltılar sonucunda 3-2, toplam olarak 5-4 kazandı ve kupanın sahibi oldu.
He is married to Abigail Perlman.
The Spanish word for Spanish is "español", and the Spanish word for Castilian is "castellano".
Bagale Thapa is the most prominent clan within Khas Thapa.
克雷格·麥辛宣稱將會出電影續集，
Diana later confessed that she had intentionally thrown herself down the stairs because she was feeling "so inadequate".
This sometimes can take a lot of time.
艺术学系有两个专业：戏剧影视文学和表演。
他多次與這運動的領袖，亞歷山大・坎貝爾討論這些議題，但最終同意停止，因為他發現這種做法不會帶來個人信仰上的實際得益，還可能造成分歧。
Studies in Family Planning 35.4 (Dec 2004): 246(15).
Water erosion happens when water moves the pieces of rock or soil downhill.
The lists are not meant to be complete.
） Kickstarter, 1 September 2010 。
西北：渭水自华缘界合沈水，又东合敷水、黄酸水，诸谷水并注焉，又东入于河。
Serri yardımcı yazar olarak "Let It Go" şarkısını yazmıştır.
He asks if her ship is in sight, but only the shepherd’s sorrowful tune is heard.
The name of "Pedernales" was given to the town when it was founded because that was the name of the river that now is the border between Haiti and the Dominican Republic.
外部连接既包含ON子句又包含WHERE子句时，应当只把表之间的连接条件写在ON子句中，对表中数据的筛选必须写在WHERE子句中。
許多蟻形蟲科的成員會被main（芫菁素）的吸引，並似乎會將其累積在體內，進而用於嚇阻掠食者。
More investigation of a second source of Neanderthal DNA supported these findings.
Before this, it was only decriminalised in Canberra.
The riot was unplanned.
然而他大部份時間都在B隊度過。
Radio, marking the end of The Golden Age of Radio.
In this report, he argued, that women should only receive a very basic education.
In this hall are commercial events where businesses show their services to business-people, -friends and the public.
It was created by the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities Act of 1965 (Pub.L. 89-209).
The President is elected by the MEPs, two times every two and a half years, to organise the meetings and speak for the Parliament when meeting other leaders.
Nothing prevents us; they are few in numbers, and we can accomplish it.
在现代瑞士的传统民族语言分布由以下地区组成：
This category is for user accounts that have been identified as sockpuppets of KCA 2002.
The Peoria (or Peouaroua) are a Native American people.
They bring up water from the aquifer and use it for irrigation and other purposes.
The degree of anticoagulation is monitored by blood tests.
The head is the first part of the body.
Kyōtōryu'nun doğası gereği bu kılıç diğer on iki kılıcın tamamen karşıtıdır.
Recounts in some detail meetings with Gurdjieff and Ouspensky.
）的女兒，也是女海盜艾美拉達絲的親姐妹。
It is the biggest settlement of Saarland after Saarbrücken.
实际工程中，詹天佑依然采用全华班人工操作，在开凿时除去山体两端的开凿面外，詹天佑还在山顶选凿了大小两个竖井，从而从隧道内侧增加了四个开凿面，其中大竖井深达33米，直径3.05米，每日挖掘0.9米。
It is a safer alternative to the commonly used lithium hexafluorophosphate.
This added anger to the people of Hong Kong. citation A "netizen" of Hong Kong even joked that the Philippine flag could be used as doormat.
The Chapman edition has been the basis for all editions of Austen's works after that.
Their part in "Bleeding Kansas"
Doctors can also prescribe women medicines that can help the miscarriage finish without needing surgery.
The DVD was released in December 1999 and presented only in fullscreen.
Malaparamba Government School citation citation is an aided upper primary school managed by the Government.
A city that has 2,000 5,000 people may choose to still be a city of the 3rd class.
It was directed by Roger Mitchell.
Nokia 5510 reach news codenames NPM-5 release on May 6, 2002 at 3GSM of World in 2002.
This very elusive (
Some who resisted his persuasive efforts, such as actor Samuel Chester, became key government witnesses in the trial.
He was Minister of Health from 2001 to 2006 and Deputy Prime Minister from 2006 to 2007.
In 1999, he released the album The Buck Starts Here.
They highly recommend shoes that offer stability and cushioning.
It turns the machine off and turns it back on, very fast.
Corkscrew is still operating to this day, but was sold and moved in 1989 to Silverwood in Athol, Idaho.
Since 2008 he is coach of Austrias U20 national team, which qualified for the FIFA World Cup 2011 in Columbia.
，達納的面積為0.73平方千米，當中陸地面積為0.73平方千米，而水域面積為0.00平方千米。
於世成（1954年8月 － ），
She studies in second language acquisition, English as a second or foreign language, language teaching methods, teacher education, and English grammar.
In 1980 Peter Criss released his last album as the drummer of Kiss Unmasked.
Killua's Nen affinity is Transmutation, which allows him to change the properties of his aura into electricity.
The series ended with issue 12. The series overall has widely considered to be one of the best Superman stories of all time.
Some of the soldiers at first fired in the air instead of at the people.
，可見人類在當地生活的歷史很悠久；在景雲面曾發現青銅器時代的物件。
Imagine two tables called Employee and Department.
，所以在機車前、後側的左、右邊設有共四個集電靴。
Bu ısıl koruma nispeten yavaş çalışarak motorun, koruma rölesi tetiklenmeden önce daha yüksek başlangıç akımları çekmesini sağlar.
Braille is used with different languages today.
The consistent life ethic is also known as the consistent ethic of life.
Ülkenin nüfus açısından başkentten sonra gelen en kalabalık dört şehri bu bölge sınırları içerisindedir.
Şubat 2012’de Bill Ward grupta dışlandığını, imzalanabilir bir sözleşme olmadan, grubun bir parçası olmayacağını belirtti.
Robert E Merriam, Battle of the Bulge, Third Edition (Bennington, VT: Merriam Press, 2007), p. 40 After nightfall Currey and his companions managed to find a jeep and return to their own lines.
There is currently no commercial network like it in the UK, although there are similar publicly owned stations in such countries as Sweden (Sveriges Radio P1) and Australia (Radio National).
Bu evlilikten sonra yeniden kamu yaşamına dönerek, 1617'de Özel Danışma Kurulu'na ve Star Chamber Mahkemesi'ne girdi.
，但它只有正常星系的電波發射。
After Dong Zhuo's death through the hands of his foster son Lü Bu, Emperor Xian was controlled by Dong's associates.
Wellesley, ilerlemenin arkasını güvence altına aldı, gedikte muhafızları görevlendirdi ve ardından alayını ana sarayda konuşlandırdı.
The colorful feathers (green body, yellow head, and red around the bill) were in demand as decorations in ladies' hats, and the birds were kept as pets.
The Vectrex is the only console of its kind to use vector graphics.
Ironing is done with a tool called an "iron".
However, when a body is moving at speeds close to the speed of light (
本曲等音乐，可以认为是无节拍的（Karpinski 2000，19）。
A Peltier device is a heat pump.
Adding to the rewards for an option will often make more people choose it.
Hem Araplar hem de Yahudiler Beyaz Sayfa teklifini reddetti.
，有新人购买空白泛黄的老婚书填上自己及结婚对象的姓名，送给对方，以作收藏。
相機不只是「記錄」工具，也是「表現」的工具。
稱呼蟒蛇「梅杜莎」，同時也是少數察覺馬戲團內異常跡象的人類。
In 2011, Morrisons opened a new 767,500 square/foot centre in Bridgwater for a £11 million redevelopment project.
The most commonly used symbol for the rupee is Rs, used on receipts when purchasing goods and services.
It can affect evolution in surprisingly big ways, but only when populations are quite small.
In early July Staunton agreed provided he was given time to get back into practice, and provided that he could manage all this without breaking the publication contract for his Shakespearean work.
High risk issued for March 28, 1984.
They came from the south by several large rivers which empty into the sea.
In 1942 he was a student teacher in physics, chemistry and mathematics at Riverton High School.
It is a day to rest and study the Torah.
、垫江砸酒、垫江牛头、黄沙白柚以及垫江丹皮、酱瓜，和文化工艺产品如垫江交雕、棕竹手杖以及牛角烟具等 citation 。
Meanwhile, Jack Hyde has been released.
In 1884, S&W was sold to Lear Siegler who, in 1986, was acquired by Forstmann Little & Company.
She was a daughter of Samran and Sanga Boonmee.
Farm workers at Manzanar War Relocation Center with Mt. Williamson in the background.
The people in Lakewood vote to choose the mayor and city council.
He was sentenced to be hung.
An example of this is a filter which blocks high frequencies.
The concert raised over $280 million.
There are 2,791,272 people living in Mongolia.
System R was also based on Codd's theories.
阿理是一名研究生，時常埋首於研究之中且會認真到渾然忘我的境界。
孫洙（1711年－1778年），字臨西，一字苓西，別號蘅塘退士，
Everett sings and plays piano all by himself.
It was also the first spacecraft to be deliberately crashed.
In books and articles, tables are often given numbers and captions.
A 1970s study on masculinity and femininity says that the concepts are better on separate scales.
It was one of the largest cities of the ancient Indus Valley Civilization, citation which developed around 3000 BC from the prehistoric Indus culture.
By early 1952 the Dash 80 was designed and Boeing's managers allowed it to be made.
邦納代爾的座標為coord ，而該地的平均海拔高度為199米（即653英尺）。
CM-31的車頭具有大斜面，防護力可抵抗俄製14.
His main assistant, Phil Johnson, also stepped down.
On August 19, 1939 Sir Malcolm Campbell set the record at 141.74 miles per hour (228.108 km/h) in Bluebird K4.
A window function has a value of zero outside the domain which is of interest, and a non-zero value inside this domain.
Demonstrating his peaceful intentions, his inaugural address was aimed at preventing other Southern states from joining the CSA.
Steppenwolf is an immortal with superhuman strength, speed and stamina appropriate to his race.
However, sometimes some pregnancy tissue remains in the womb after the miscarriage and must be removed.
Sometimes a jumping spider will catch an insect and then fall while still holding onto the insect.
It is used in many ways, such as raw in salads or in slices, stewed, a part of a wide variety of dishes, or processed into ketchup or tomato soup.
Civilians have the right to defend themselves.
Is Mars habitable?: a critical examination of Professor Percival Lowell's book 'Mars and its canals', with an alternative explanation.
The Petorca province is the largest province in the Valparaíso region with an area of convert.
It is worn over the mantle.
Child population in the age group below 6 was 23,196 Males and 22,445 Females.
Suriye Merkez İstatistik Bürosu'nun 2004 yılı nüfus sayımına göre nüfusu 5,063'dür.
The solid material produced and thrown into the air is called tephra, regardless of composition or fragment size.
"Fancy" was also successful in several other countries.
He was the ex-singer of Thyabhorrent.
He was born in Hazleton, Missouri.
每留所赐之资，尽在府库封缄，伏望台慈，俯垂照鉴。
This led him to propose his "mosaic" theory: after a few cell divisions the embryo would be like a mosaic, each cell playing its own unique part in the entire design.
On March 24, 2016, he was convicted by Saudi Arabia’s Specialized Criminal Court (SCC), a counter-terrorism court.
Galaxy continued to be successful.
，曾因盗窃被判处有期徒刑9年。
Ancak bu liseye kayıt yaptıran öğrencilerden yabancı dil seviye tespit sınavında yeterli puanı alanlar hazırlık sınıfını atlayabilirler.
'nin de hocalık ve müderrislikten uzaklaştırılmasını ve ileride herhangi bir diğer ulemalık silsilesine alınmaması hakkında irade çıkartırdı.
在这种技术中，光学设备包括一个干涉仪（在图.
渥太华市长吉姆·沃森称这是“本国和本市悲惨的一天 citation ”。
In North America, a short CV (1-2 pages) is usually called a résumé.
Area 51 is a military base, and a remote detachment of Edwards Air Force Base.
At this time, the partnership was also structured to include Joe as CEO with majority ownership, Garrett as CMO and Chad as CFO with equal ownership.
The latter is the current Kurohime, while the former is the "goddess" who gave her the curse.) She is also extremely beautiful and believes all men are her "dogs".
There were 24 bridges over the stream(now 22 bridges).
新娘潭巴士總站（英文：Bride's Pool Bus Terminus）
Los Angeles County has voted for the Democratic candidate in most of the presidential elections in the past 40 years.
Bronny was born on October 6, 2004 to NBA All-Star player LeBron James, age 19, and his longtime girlfriend (now wife) Savannah Brinson.
，陸續為日本各小學所廣泛接受。
It is the last major city in the governorate of Medenine with total population estimated at 79,912 inhabitants in 2014.
Retrieved on January 10, 2008.
This type of compression is called "run-length encoding", because you define how long the "run" of a character is.
It is the main town of part of Poland called Żagań County.
礼器有炊器、食器、酒器、水器等。
In 1998, the Keatings separated.
He studied at St. Mirin's High School and at Glasgow University.
An introduction to the mathematical theory of finite elements.
It is also called as "going silver".
计算方法并没有直接获取其它顶点的值以及他们的伸出的边。
Permesta planes (supplied by the US and flown by Philippine, Taiwanese, and American Pilots) were destroyed.
He thought that as Earth moves through space, all measurable durations change very slightly.
This is one of the main reasons for games to be drawn.
In 1922 Locomobile was acquired by the Durant Motor Company.
Hitler hoped he could make use of these disagreements.
Reig died on 18 December 2020 at the age of 84 in Sant Julià de Lòria.
This meant a player had to control the pitch of the sound with only his mouth, which was very difficult.
So what about the non-trivial roots above and below the picture?
The captain is partially blown out of the cockpit, but a flight attendant manages to keep the unconscious man from falling out of the aircraft.
He again inflicted heavy casualties on the attacking unit.
However Neo defeated him at the end of the first movie.
Her best-known powers are superhuman strength, speed, and reflexes, as well as flight.
"Aleksandros, Filip'in oğlu ve Spartalılar hariç tüm Helenler Asya'da yaşayan yabancılardan alınan bu hediyeleri sunarlar."
因各種武器直接放置在車箱內，為減輕各種開火時會引起的危險（如卡彈、開炮的火花及彈出的彈殼），乘員會戴上頭盔，護目鏡及鎖鏈臉罩。
After convincing the other Rugrats to eat dog food, Tommy discovers that Spike eaten all of it.
》的政策研究、教育訓練及大眾宣導三大任務，促進配套工作落實。
Previously, the Bishop of Rome was a council of Bishops with the Pope being the head of the council.
颜西岳（1905年－1991年），男，
'yi 3-1 yendiği maçta 2 gol atmıştı, fakat maçın 2. ayağı olacak zannediyordu.
She ends up betraying them to help Gaia in her conquest.
Bölgede bulunan 100 diş üzerinde gerçekleştirilen analiz, yaklaşık dörtte birinin diğerlerine göre daha az yıprandığını gösterdi, bu da bunların çocuklar aait olduğunu göstermektedir.
He was one of the patrons of the city.
An urban legend is an often circulated story that is not necessarily based on truth, but merely conjecture and rumor.
'nın en büyük online seyahat acentalarından biridir.
Visitors must go to most places on foot or by boat.
Armisen is also known for his works in IFC sketch comedy series Portlandia.
During the programme, all 41 songs that had been chosen to take part in the Eurovision Song Contest 2020 were show but no one could vote.
Her third album All of Me was released on February 28, 2012 in the US.
It took him a long time to finish La Valse (The Waltz), one of his most popular pieces.
Seeing in the dark: vision and visual behaviour in nocturnal bees and wasps.
On the February 14 edition of iMPACT!, Abyss was supposed to face Scott Steiner but left the ring before the match but before leaving through the tunnel, Abyss, without showing his face, took off his mask.
，克里特岛情况更加严重，岛上驻守的英国部队七个月就换了六任司令。
Yaralı olarak Rus askerlerinin eline geçti.
Arka arkaya dört hafta zirvede kaldı.
Shields, p. 14. In 1964, Lee said, "I never expected any sort of success with 'Mockingbird.'
In 1793 and 1794, Josias commanded the army in the Austrian Netherlands during the Flanders Campaign.
About 6 million people watched the show for season one.
There are nine stripes on the flag, which according to the legend represent the nine syllables in the phrase “Ελευθερία ή Θάνατος’’ which means “freedom or death.’
Some examples of composite fuels are ammonium perchlorate or ammonium nitrate.
Teachers & Writers Collaborative awards the annual Bechtel Prize to the author of an essay that explores themes related to creative writing, arts education, and/or the imagination.
当他1892年返回巴黎时，他兴奋的马甩下马背，差点去世。
José Adauto Bezerra (3 July 1926 – 3 April 2021) was a Brazilian politician.
A running gag is that Chester and A.J. find Timantha doing boy things (for example: going to the mall's arcade and the comic book shop).
不幸地，在5年前，虚弱的母親為了這艘船的研究花了很大心思和時間，最終在實驗室昏倒了。
The North American Precis Syndicate called the show "authentic and aspirational – a story of today's modern everygirl superhero who comes to life.
Tony kabul eder ve Sosa'nın adamlarından Alberto ile birlikte Amerika'ya döner.
During her lifetime, Austen's books did not make her very famous.
He was renowned for the flamboyance and showmanship of his movies.
The Venomous Reptiles of the Western Hemisphere.
一个多世纪以来，它致力于为武装冲突的受难者提供援助和保护。
As if to say the album's release is not that long away.
Pierremont lies 28 miles (45 km) west of Arras.
No insurance company would cover livestock for accidents.
The demonstrations by immigrants in the United States these past few months "disgust" her, especially when protesters displayed the Mexican flag.
直到20世纪20年代末，当意大利人（阿尔法罗密欧和玛莎拉蒂）开始经常击败法国汽车时，法国汽车继续占主导地位（由布加迪领导，但也包括德拉格和德拉海耶）。
A private school (also known as independent school or nonstate schools Zaidi, Mosharraf.
這場比賽他主投6局，僅掉1分，很好地完成了他的任務。
In the wild, they usually live only 1–3 years.
It is usually impossible to switch to a different network's code on this type of phone.
He speaks in a funny way called a swazzle.
The monument was designed by Berlin artist Karl Biedermann.
People say that a woman called Dolly Pentreath was the last person who could speak Cornish.
，總是在家休養，因此社交圈內很少有人知道他的過去。
In Brawl it can drop a CD.
阿洛布羅基人派使者到罗马是为了向元老院控诉当地总督对他们的压迫。
City and Guilds qualification citation in Embroidery allows embroiderers to become recognized for their skill.
In 2004, the Burnside sons opened Burnside Blues Cafe, 30 miles southeast of Memphis in Holly Springs, Mississippi.
One example of a new and successful hybrid species has been found.
When he was a child, he moved with his parents and older sister, Gemma, to the village of Holmes Chapel in Cheshire.
Tosca tells him where is the secret place Angelotti was hidden.
He married Clara Bryant and had one child named Edsel Bryant Ford.
该译文将不利于大陆当局宣传口径和“社会和谐”的文字整句删除，从而歪曲了原文的意思，误导读者 citation ，并且此文也涉嫌侵犯版权。
Wolfram'ın eşi bir matematikçidir ve dört çocukları vardır.
In 1977, they made their second computer called the Apple II which was very successful.
Şankara'ya kim olduğunu soran Govinda Bhagavatpada'yı Advaita Vedanta felsefesinden alınma bir dörtlükle yanıt verdiğinde Govinda'yı etkiler ve onun müridi olur.
Hittites and Akhaeans: a new look.
When the first Navy SEALs team was established in 1962, Beal was the first to volunteer for the elite special operations force.
Jin means "Forbidden" in Chinese.
But the seller does not know the prices the buyers are willing to pay: Setting a price that is too hight means that there will be no sale, setting a price that is too low means that there will be less profit.
It made her very angry.
，該计划被认为是一场彻底的骗局，有人认为星戰計畫只是美国政府为了拖垮苏联而采取的一种宣传手段而已。
Paint protects and beautifies the wood.
There is a controversy about how the texts of these books were fabricated.
The causes of the Bronze Age collapse - which extended throughout the eastern Mediterranean - are obscure.
With his artillery overpowered Pendleton panicked and left his post as commander of the Confederate forces to look for reinforcements.
In his childhood Humboldt already liked to collect plants, shells, and insects.
No. 75a, season 4. He does not have a job.
She is perhaps known as T-X from the movie (2003) and Rayne from the movie Bloodrayne (2006).
In the Ladies free skate, and short program she was placed fourth.
The arias often have an introductory movement called “arioso” which in musical style is something between a recitative and an aria.
Hedefleri Halit - Rıza Tepesi, Keskin Tepe, Pilav Tepe ve Yayla Tepe'dir.
雖然愛因斯坦被認為是場方程的發現者，
》的主打歌《Dream Girl》的日文版本。
He played as regular player in 3 seasons.
Additionally, the dwarfs are stated to be in their "stone doors".
The total area is 35.35% water.
事變日後5年，維安政府在賈辛圖高原外的最後一個城市，蘭登市（Landown），遭到獸族圍攻，在獸族的迫擊砲日以繼夜的轟炸之下，蘭登市於不久後淪陷。
抗戰期間，隨成達師範遷校桂林，1941年成師改制國立後，任該校阿文專修班主任。1943年任重慶清真寺教長，抗戰勝利後恢復《月華》，並於北平東四清真寺成立北平伊斯蘭經學班，推動經堂大學的改革。
It was the first naval vessel launched from Cockatoo Island.
A air powered potato cannon is much stronger than a combustion cannon.
They "oversee the Government's regular activities and coordinate the work of the Ministers."
In many religions, there are other types of spirits.
Kalbim ağır, yirmi yaşındayım, fakat yakın arkadaşım yok ".
Returning to France, in 1890 Pissarro again visited England and painted some ten scenes of central London.
Sometimes things (like powerful winds) mess up the results of the experiment a bit, and the results come out a little wrong.
There are only the smaller silver-colored ¢5 and ¢10 coins and gold-colored ¢5, ¢10, ¢25, ¢50, ¢100 & ¢500 coins.
The station opened on 22 May 1990, however it was called St Paul's Thameslink until 1991.
They wasted the money of the Empire and reduced its army.
Those with masses under the limit remain stable as white dwarfs.
在世纪末了，世界人口接近10亿。 citation 在二十世纪之初，世界人口约为16亿。
He had many critical acclaim in the late 1990s.
Though India got independence from British.
During the early 20th century Dhaka served as a commercial center and seat of learning.
Metals tend to lose electrons, which creates a positive charge.
She played Julia in Star-Crossed.
They die a few hours later.
He has also written for the East Anglian Daily Times newspaper.
」為主，不一定是真正的「戟」。
據傳，早在伊斯兰教先知时期，穆罕默德曾說過，“
This dark phase ended with the rise of the Pandyas and Pallava dynasty again.
然而，不久后派往该地的殖民者神秘失踪，殖民地定居点也似乎突然从人间蒸发。
The Des Moines Business Record, in its 2012 Best of Des Moines issue, gave Mediacom the top award for Best Local Internet Service Provider and Best Company Use of Social Media.
The Bruins suspended Thomas for not reporting to training camp and he was traded to the Islanders for a conditional 2nd round pick in either 2014 or 2015.
In his letter to Voconius Romanus Pliny also wrote that the Tragedy villa was on a hill above the lake but that the Comedy villa was right on the water's edge.
Visitors can buy the tickets on the 5F Taipei 101 Mall, the general ticket costs NT$500 per each and the student ticket (with valid ID) costs NT$450 per each, all children (under 115 cm) are free.
She went to Wilton High School.
Lloyd Loar was one of the first to try to make them louder.
运动诱发全身性过敏反应的病例通常预后良好，随着病人年长则发生率及严重程度降低。
The city has international schools that teach foreign children.
Bu tek adımlı işlem, düşük maliyetle yüksek hacimde kirletmeyen hidrojen üretir.
Risk of injury or death was required to count coup.
Lange was also an uncle of the poet Bolesław Leśmian.
The switch between the "source" and "drain" is usually on.
During his second season with the Oilers, Carter was able to record career-highs in assists (32) and points (60).
Marilyn was the cause of seven deaths, most due to drowning on boats.
In September 2009, a book of Smith's favorite SModcasts called Shootin' the Sh*t with Kevin Smith was released.
However, there are solutions to this problem.
Small businesses often face a lot of problems because of their size.
While Mike often does things at the expense of his housemates, he usually does not show the sort of open hostility that the others do, and seems to cause them trouble only when it benefits him.
He was the co-founder of the Society for the Protection of Nature in Israel (SPNI).
看着这件事从一件本地事情演变成巨型国际现象实在是令人驚詫 。
Today they remain mostly urban.
In late 2009 the band took a rest.
Klara, Leonding'deki evi sattı ve genç Adolf ve Paula ile birlikte tutumlu bir şekilde yaşadıkları Linz'deki bir daireye taşındılar.
The living, social, and sensory observing aspects of humans are probably all part of the human sciences to the degree they affect how humans view themselves.
However, there have been occasions where, after a player is removed, an immunity challenge and a Tribal Council are still held.
The "swoosh" symbol used on their products is a trademark.
The Rheinisch-Bergische Kreis is a Kreis (
It faces Butuan Bay, part of the Bohol Sea, to the northwest.
Bu çalışma ilk olmasına rağmen bazı Grekçe ve Latince isimlerin doğru olarak tespiti ve çeşitli indeksleriyle sonraki neşirlerden daha kullanışlıdır.
Bazı kaynaklarda Toprak (Yer) Tanrıçasının oğlunun adının Kılan olduğundan bahsedilir.
William Weir, 50 Weapons That Changed Warfare (Franklin Lakes, NJ: Career Press, 2005), pp. 71–74 If the match was not lit when the gun needed to be fired, the mechanism was useless.
Two bus systems are in Lawrence.
Luckily, the storm caused only 1 death.
On September 23, 2011, Domi made his OHL debut.
Then they can think about mitigating factors (and aggravating factors) to decide which of these choices fits the crime the best.
Wang Buxuan (5 February 1922 – 31 August 2019), also known as Bu-Xuan Wang and Pu-Hsuan Wang, citation was a Chinese thermal physicist and educator.
Başlangıçta üç personelli bir daire olan Tercüme Odası, 1830'lardan itibaren büyüdü ve önem kazandı.
Her fellow students taunted her with such nicknames as The broom and La petite sauvage (The little savage).
It was the biggest stadium in Europe.
汉福德原定在名为“200西区”和“200东区”的两块区域中各建两座分离工厂，后改为在200西区修建“T厂”和“U厂”，在200东区只建一座“B厂”。
They married in 1848.
However, many of her characters are based on real people.
The articles about the monarchs of these kingdoms are in the British monarchs category, while the British royalty category contains all the articles about royal individuals, including the monarchs.
Some differences in approach to the programming of instruction.
This is about one-third of its length.
He was elected President.
By 1850 Carcoar was the second biggest town west of the mountains.
Yapımında Antik Milet harabelerinden devşirilen, büyük bölümü yeniden işlenerek duvarlara yerleştirilen mermer bloklar kullanılmıştır.
繪畫能力相當高明，不時會請修擔任自己的人體模特兒。
Epstein had been trying for months to get the band a recording contract.
In Njall's Saga, men tend to say things like "Oh, you have chopped off my arm", before dying.
Even Adonai is only used by some Jews in prayer.
所有宇宙忍者被擊敗， 其後「那個」迫近，鷹介及忍者們全力去阻止地球變成黑暗世界。
He was very intelligent as a child, learning to read at three and being very bright at his studies.
He played 3 games for Japan until 2011.
He played for L.A. Express and The Wrecking Crew.
The brain interprets the messages, and animals feel things.
A presenter does not have to be an expert on the content of the program, but a narrator or commentatior is often an expert.
為避免犯戒，方便法的運用需要攝於四摄法，
Foraging takes place at night.
Phillip named Sydney after Lord Sydney.
The adult trikes will have a chain, gears and are recumbent (the feet are in front of the body).
Destroyers were not able to hunt the U-boats as they were protecting the fleet, so the British pressed every vessel they could into service, including yachts and trawlers, as auxiliary patrol vessels.
There is some yellow on the throat.
Governments have spent money on armaments rather than engineering.
The next day, Charlotte described it to her friend Ellen in a letter.
In 1915, Miller's family moved to Grant City, Missouri, and he started playing in the town orchestra.
It was created when the Worcestershire Constabulary, the Herefordshire Constabulary, the Shropshire Constabulary and the Worcester City Police all merged together.
It was later found to be wrong.
Important guitar works were dedicated to him by composers such as Federico Moreno Torroba.
His tomb was discovered in 1960 in the cemetary of Calepodius and can be seen even today.
Hong Kong's education system is mostly based off the English system.
Passion plays were also performed in Spain, Italy, and elsewhere, with local variations.
She's not nearly so catty these days and is becoming a real friend.
Anne discovers that Mrs. Croft, Admiral Croft's wife, is Captain Wentworth's sister.
Third-party software, such as Akruto Sync, provides some of this functionality.
与其它皇家展览会一样，墨尔本皇家展览会还有娱乐项目，以及澳洲风情的“秀袋”（Showbags），里头都是装的小孩子喜欢的各类糖果。
紅壇廣場有一平時為清空的寺廟；有廟會才有神明進駐，
It is build on the bank of a lagoon.
Meyve olgunlaştığında turuncu-kırmızıya döner, ancak genellikle yeşilken toplanır ve pişirilir.
The venom would kill the prey fast enough, but they usually seize their prey and swallow it.
It is the premier knockout cup competition.
He is considered to be one of the greatest ever in-ring performers.
In December 1731, it was decided that she should marry her distant cousin Louis François de Bourbon, Prince of Conti.
United States Bureau of Labor Statistics.
Revolving doors cannot be used in an emergency: They cannot be passed at a fast speed.
There is a statue of Dom Justo Takayama in Plaza Dilao, Manila.
Caesar made a near disastrous attack on Pompey's camp, and was forced to pull away to regroup.
Paintings in the cave fall into two groups.
In 1967 the military took control of the country and restricted democracy.
，系统的组织结构还是有所改善。
In Europe, hemp was at least used 5,500 years ago.
In 2010, 5,916 people lived there.
Senators only serve six years at a time, and one-third of them are picked every two years.
These sums are valid in the absence of a differing agreement (on a higher sum) with the carrier.
It opened on June 10, 1936.
She is the oldest living international cricketer.
This is a list of former municipalities of Switzerland, i.e.
At present, three medals are awarded each year.
The perpetrator of the attacks was 51-year-old Gabriel Wortman, who was a denturist who lived in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia.
Cashmere High School at Rose Street is the second largest co-educational secondary school.
The first elevated trains started working on October 9, 1863, and the first underground trains started working on October 27, 1904.
最初麥可·度德威特曾打算在影片內添加一些對白，但之後吉卜力方面人士認為若將對白全部去除將能給予人更強烈的印象；而作了更動。
He wanted to make his operas into good pieces of drama.
古巴亞馬遜鸚鵡的白色前額及紅色面頰。
The series is created by Billy Aronson and Jennifer Oxley.
But adobe construction is cheap and the materials are usually easy to find.
Göktürk armies conquered Volga by 549. The Āshǐnà clan whose tribal name was 'Türk' (the strong one) arrived in 552. They overthrew the Rourans and created the Göktürk Qağanate.
However this was difficult as the Eora would not come anywhere near the new settlers.
It was directed by Claude Binyon.
Daley was the longest serving Mayor of Chicago.
會中研討適應中國地區之傳道方向，給中國教會制訂了一套全備的傳教典章，為中國教務豎立了一個新的里程碑。
It was released as the first single from the EP on 20 September 2011, through 604 Records.
The ITV1 logo was broken into blocks and was used from November 2004 to January 2006.
Its melting point is at (convert), boiling point is (convert), cooling point is at convert, and freezing point is at convert.
Most of the inhabitants speak Tocodede.
In most places, there are two tides a day.
President Nixon requested Iran and Jordan to send their F-86, F-104 and F-5 fighter jets in aid of Pakistan.
In Taoist stories, there are said to be hundreds of people who came to live forever because they knew Taoism.
” from a severe allergic reaction.
It is based on the novel by English writer Neil Cross.
到了1970年代，美國等地亦放寛了對色情电影的管制，使得各路色情電影可以合法上映sfn。
'unkine kadar eşsiz bir ölçekteydi.
Jews have lived in most, but not all, places in the world, including India, China, Yemen, and Ethiopia.
Over the long term, though, it was Livingstone rather than Kinnock who was to achieve electoral success.
Check the ingredients on the label even if you have used the product before.
In the east, the churches still supported Nestorius, and did not accept his removal.
Throughout the years, with constant development and upgrading, the Resort is now a proud 4-star golf resort, awarded by the Minister of Tourism Malaysia.
This is called their home range.
She thanked New Zealand for its help.
牠們食量相當驚人，最大可以長到30公斤重，
The giant flightless bird Titanis walleri (Aves: Phorusrhacidae) from the Pleistocene coastal plain of South Texas.
Intraspecific competition occurs when two aninimals of the same species compete for limited resources.
The Turkish Military captured 1,232 PKK terrorists and had killed another 1,551.
但葡萄多酚、類黃酮、花青素等抗氧化成分則可能對人體具有助益。
The lyrics were written by Fred Ebb.
，於是規劃維持為交通及商業及住宅綜合發展模式。
Women Who Changed the World.
Battery-electric locomotives are powered by on-board batteries.
As of the 2013 census, 684,652 people lived there.
A plan to send the gunboats HNLMS Flores and HNLMS Johan Maurits van Nassau was stopped.
凱莉安·伊莉莎白·康威（Kellyanne Elizabeth Conway，
Mr. Babcock read voraciously and, in recent years, completed his high school degree via correspondence courses.
This is true even of cases where the decisions of a single person only affect that one person.
The Winx decide to go to Earth to find and protect the last fairy.
There is a language for describing throws that curve.
The printer of magazines, Carlsen Verlag created the printed book.
Retrieved on 7 November 2017.
The Windows Live Essentials are not included in Windows 7, and have to be downloaded from Microsoft's website.
This movie received mixed to positive review by critics.
Anne was called back to England to marry a distant cousin James Butler, in the hope to settle an inheritance dispute over the Earldom of Ormond.
阮福淍頒佈《議定五條》（Ngũ điều Nghị định）賜給他。
季默在电影开始剪辑的同时进行创作，所以对片中音乐的剪辑有一定的影响。
She thinks that her boss will be seen as a pitiable figure on TV and tells Betty.
As opposed to the writers, many people think it's convenient and cheap to read books and other articles on the internet.
At 9:15:36, when the aircraft hit wake turbulence from the JAL flight just in front of it.
Baseball uniforms have changed over time.
When they were asked if they had raped a woman who was their partner, 1 in 4 said yes, making headlines.
This is because it is believed to be too holy to be spoken.
Derby has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters.
用试验绘制了S-N曲线，结果表明，随着温度的升高，发生破坏的循环次数减少。
This allows children to use observational learning skills in multiple spheres of life.
Bergman said this would be his last movie, and that he would go on to direct theater.
Until then, advertisement in Brazil used just drawings and illustrations.
If a system satisfies the law of the minimum then adaptation will equalize the load of different factors because the adaptation resource will be allocated for compensation of limitation.
Ronald A. Klain (born August 8, 1961) is an American politician and lawyer.
The ceremony is held under a Kaḷyāṇa Maṇḍapaṃ or wedding pavilion decorated with fresh flowers.
None of the Egyptian crowns have survived (or been found yet).
The latest one started in 2015.
The modification of the Pakhawaj into the Tabla is also credited to him.
Gates later hosted the TV series African American Lives and Finding Your Roots, which used DNA testing to corroborate family histories and genealogies.
His father believes that he was "terrorized and brutalized".
根据巴基斯坦地质调查局（GSP）的估算，巴基斯坦的煤炭资源量在1850亿吨左右，其中1840亿吨在信德省，占全国总量的99.5%。
Then, he asked one little favour—the sweater he had worn in the last world series."
次年1月1日，滿洲國政府宣布廢除北滿特別區，原先北滿特別區區域的土地除滿洲里市及海拉爾區域外，均被編入其鄰接縣旗及特別市。
In 1909, Bartók married Márta Ziegler.
This is a demonstration of a high level of the technical power of the RPG Maker 2000.
The album became another hit for the band.
Jellyfish with algae behave so that their partners get the best light during the day, and descend to depths at night, where the water is rich in nitrates and brown with decay.
The Triple Nine Society started in 1978.
，使其可以在高纬度地区的低温外部环境中筑巢。
They released the third single album "Catallena" On march 13, 2014.
Bu teorilerin her ikisi de medyanın çocuklar üzerindeki etkisinden kaynaklanan saldırgan bilginin ve davranışların gelişimini açıklama girişimleridir.
The player will use the shovel for fighting enemies, jumping on platforms, and digging up treasure and secrets.
Eski binalarda özellikle aydınlatma amaçlı kandil ve benzeri ışık kaynaklarının koyulması için kullanıldığı gibi, daha büyük boyutta olanları üzerlerine bir perde örtülerek yüklük amaçlı da istifade edilmiştir.
Sometimes they used poisonous plants.
Icy do seem to have a crush on Valtor but she remains to keep that secret.
He played with this group from 1984, including during its tour of Scotland in 1986.
But they lost $60 on each one they sold.
It is a statement of faith.
同年， 司徒迈在法国进行了巡回演出， 在2011年2月的Les victoires de la musique音乐奖上，大碟《Cheese》（《茄子》）获最佳電子舞曲音乐大碟奖，该大碟同获年度最佳大碟奖提名，单曲《Alors on danse》（《那，我们跳舞吧》）获年度最佳原创歌曲奖提名。
雖然最後成功使改藏戴上面具，可是卻因為沒有人比地丹更下等而使效果互相抵消。
They sold it there for five cents a glass, it was very strong tasting because they did not mix it with water.
From 1918 to 1923, Hurtado attended the Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile.
After her schooling, she and Ulysses S. Grant got engaged in 1844.
In Smith's history of Waterford, the village was mentioned as being a fishing port about the year 1745.
Tour guides on passing buses point him out, and he gets a lot of attention from tourists who stop and take pictures with him.
England won the group and qualified for the world cup.
The local Christians also fled with the Greek army and lost their non movable property.
In 2008 he was voted the most popular leader in all Ibero-America.
Jason Grace is said to have defeated Krios during the Roman invasion and assault of Mount Othrys, which happened at the same time as the Defence of Olympus, led by the Greeks.
The engagement ceremony was held on 3 October 1941, and the wedding ceremony took place on 22 October 1941.
This disruption causes a color change.
The “Ocean” returned and on 20 May 1804, the settlement was abandoned.
It cannot be easily seen as it is usually too close to the Sun.
But most often it refers to pastures bordered by thick forest or hedges.
A War Like No Other: How the Athenians and Spartans Fought the Peloponnesian War.
She is the female divinity and the divine personification of knowledge, wisdom, learning, skills and intelligence.
In 2010, 929 people lived there.
A bubble is when people buy up all of a product they can, to re-sell it all at a higher price, as many times as they can.
Alonso went on to win race.
Wreckage of Flight 752, with parts of the engine in the front of the image.
美國是否持續對全世界行使帝國式的作為，以及就此指稱其為帝國是否確切，爭議始終不止。
努尔丁·穆斯塔法·阿里·阿塔西（Noureddin Mustafa Ali al-Atassi，
She also said that the cast was not there.
Cadigan sold her first professional science fiction story in 1980.
，汉阳知府主持修筑了汉口城堡（俗称后城），
Winters are mild with moderate rainfall.
There are several variants of both scripts.
Guam is also a popular tourist destination.
This is because larger specimens are usually breeding females that contribute heavily to future sport fishing stocks.
The third was the auxiliary module that had the equipment to run the station.
Archbishop of Uppsala from 1758 until his death 1764.
Genetic signatures of strong recent positive selection at the lactase gene.
For a person to breathe, certain muscles have to contract (get tighter) and relax at the right times.
The album peaked at number seven on the US Regional Mexican Albums Charts.
一旦核实，当事人会立即被开除，并在会众当中宣布。
He then was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Łowicz, Poland, from 1992 to 2004.
混亂善良人物常會因為感到受人指使而在團隊內製造矛盾，比起有計劃的行動他們更喜歡即興發揮。
Its population in 2003 was 745,161 inhabitants.
遇虜遊兵，與戰，敗虜，遂乘勝渡河。
Sturgeon more critically endangered than any other group of species.
Kanada'da, aynı zamanda Calgary Stampede'nin resmi barbekü sosudur.
In the 11th century, women in Europe wore dresses that were like men's tunics and were loose with the hem(the very bottom cloth of a dress) below the knees or lower.
Irving Petlin (December 17, 1934 – September 1, 2018) was an American artist and painter.
Yu负责美工，而Holowka则处理编程及音乐部分。
Over 100 people were killed and over 1,000 injured.
Menuhin had many pupils who became famous, including Nigel Kennedy.
There are many similar species in the Black Swallowtails range.
全年人均生产总值71357元，比2015年增长6.5%。2015年西安工业增加值为1396.69亿元，增长9.5%；规模以上工业增加值1178.39亿元，增长9.9%。
On 1 October of the same year he signed professionally by Hednesford Town F.C. for the next two years.
，之前虾夷地区东西部落间并不团结的阿伊努人各部落随即纷纷响应。
Most cars made today are front wheel drive (the front wheels have the power to move the car).
In 2005, Bhavani Jamakkalam (Bhavani Bedsheets) was registered as a Geographical Indication by the Government of India.
Instead, they were discharged from service.
The new burial ground that is now run by Hassocks Parish Council can be found located to the east of the Greyhound Pub.
The tadpoles swim in the warmest parts of the water.
Has green glowing hands that are really her special super power.
然而這只是巴西隊射門表演的開始，Zito和華華的兩個進球徹底擊潰了對手的鬥志。
担任武家嘴村党总支书记。2008年起担任全国人大代表 citation 。
Despite the video cards, a SLi compatible motherboard is needed to build a SLi-System.
Its military meaning was founded by an Italian soldier Giulio Douhet suggesting the use of strategic bombing to destroy the capital cities and industrial areas, not only the front.
裁判官蘇文隆拒絕保釋，還押至11月17日再提堂。
四月间一度乘夜攻上外城，都被王坚、张珏等守城宋军将士打败。
Sentientism differs from painism * citation because it counts positive experience, as well as the ability to feel pain, in making moral decisions.
The radio station will be ready to broadcast soon.
A variety of scales exist, and are used depending on the context.
，其中82篇給出了「新鮮」的正面評價，「新鮮度」為35%，平均得分5.2分（滿分10分） citation 。
A hull-loss accident is when a plane is damaged so badly it cannot be fixed.
Professor Siddheshwar Prasad (born 19 January 1929) is an Indian politician.
三八婦女節酒會時指出，當局將加強關注婦女問題，全力推進婦女事業的健康發展。
Şirket Robert Schindler ve Eduard Villager tarafından 1874 yılında İsviçre'de kuruldu.
When she falls down the rabbit hole, she begins her fantastical adventures in Wonderland.
他和白人合作，帮助筹款创建数百个社区学校和高等教育机构，以提高美国南方黑人的教育水平。
但目前校內工作、與現任理事金山和冬海的關係尚不明確。
He also said that after a legal settlement with WWE, there would not be a further working relationship between them.
's 2nd congressional district from 2011 to 2021.
He spent a total of twelve years in the psychiatric prison-hospitals, labour camps, and prisons of the Soviet Union.
After she wrote her own books, Jenkins became interested in writing full-length novel imitations of Pippi Long Stocking and The Wolves of Willoughby Chase.
It is at 50° 11 North, 06° 08 East.
米原幸佑（1986年3月13日 － ）
Neymar against Croatia at 2014 FIFA World Cup.
Orada yerde su geçirmeyen bir denizci muşambası bulunuyordu.
When they "steal" electrons, the zinc ions turn back from ions to "normal" zinc atoms.
Askeri bir gazi ve Blackwell Academy'de kampüs güvenliği başkanı.
Robb also talked with Lauren Levine, the producer of the movie, before casting even began.
The text they contain may have been written 50-100 AD.
The mountain weasel usually mate in February to March, and the young are usually born in May.
Jacob is scared that Sam is doing something to control the young men on he reservation.
Later, he starts a relationship with her by throwing a surprise party for her.
剑道部主将，性格认真，也是武装集团的一员。
During the summer months through the years he made the "Billy" movies, Crabbe kept swimming and also did water shows.
She performed "Dangerously in Love 2" at the 2004 Grammy Awards, where it won in the category of "Best Female R&B Vocal Performance".
A synod held in 502 agreed with him.
The international membership is expanding.
It also ordered the prison to end the trusty system.
Yüzölçümü olan 717 km² belediyenin nüfusu 2011 yılı itibarı ile 28.315'tir.
该作虽然赢得了包括月度PSP游戏在内的一些游戏奖项，但没有达到开发者对其的销售期望。
In June 2007, the Spirit of the Bush Concert was held.
Making matters worse for the WAC, Boise State decided not to join the WAC in 2013, instead choosing to put its non-football sports in the Big West.
Another explanation for the location of the scrotum is to that their exterior location protects the testes from jolts and being crushed inside the body.
The workers and farmers supporting the communists organized themselves into the Red Army.
It is on the eastern coast of Australia.
Konuşmasının ardından ev sahibi gazeteci Yonit Levi ile soru-cevap seansına katıldı.
它沿着新建成的轻轨轨道经过访谷区的第三街和海柏花园大道、Bayview/Hunters Point、Dogpatch和Mission Bay附近，
Allen was married to Frenchie Allen until her death in 1976.
It was the twenty-sixth yearly SummerSlam event that the WWE held.
Heinz Ludwig Chaim Ettlinger (January 28, 1926 – October 21, 2018) was an American engineer.
Outside France, the baguette is also called a 'French stick'.
Some torts cause damage to property, like a broken window.
Jill Tracy Jacobs Biden (nee Jacobs, previously Stevenson; born June 3, 1951 citation ) is an American educator.
He was the number two swimmer in the 400 meter freestyle race.
Dennis hosted from 1987 to 2002.
Elion was also the first woman to be admitted into the National Inventor’s Hall of Fame.
The city also serves as the headquarters of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights.
Michelle P Brown; Carol A Farr (London: Continuum International Pub. Group, 2005), p. 147 The original kingdom of Mercia had a variety of different kinds of land.
He published his first book called The Psalter, in the Old Belarusian language on 6 August 1517.
All toads are frogs, but not all frogs are toads.
The musical numbers were staged by Marc Breaux and Dee Dee Wood.
Cleve Loney (November 5, 1950 – August 22, 2020) was an American politician.
After his second march on Rome, he revived the office of dictator.
Franklin suffered a tragedy when her mother died in Buffalo when Aretha was ten.
Fay: The Fays of the Abbey Theatre.
Wind is powerful in dry regions with sparse vegetation, such as deserts.
The hurricane didn't curve out to sea like hurricanes usually do.
，整整狀況下憲法的修正宛如公元1795年的法國第一共和憲法，1797年5月10日全案被批准通過。
This started during preparations for the 2016 Summer Paralympics.
When he was a child, he learned basic knowledge about architecture from his father.
There are four stars in the middle in which each represents an important event in the city's history.
Hank Aaron was born in Mobile, Alabama.
Maximilian had died in 1519, so the city of Nuremberg stopped paying it.
He was a member of the New Mexico House of Representatives representing District 17 from January 1983 through January 2015.
The foreshore of the city is home to many marine animals.
During this time the river is quite dangerous.
Using the pentatonic scale is a good way for children to make up their own tunes.
Others thought that the army could not be questioned.
In republic territory live about 60 species of mammals.
SH-60海鷹（SH-60 Seahawk）
Smith was discovered in 1963.
For many thousands of years, men have been thought of by society as the main "breadwinners" in families.
，并将其应用在自己身上，説：“主的灵在我身上，因为他用膏膏我，叫我传福音给贫穷的人；差遣我报告被掳的得释放，瞎眼的得看见，叫那受压制的得自由，报告上帝悦纳人的禧年。”
Classical music, too, can be improvised.
A magnetron is used to generate a plasma to form H − near the metal surface.
Memoization is simple: before the value is returned from the function call, it is stored in a table (or associative array).
巧合之下，李文秀在沙漠綠洲遇上隐居于此的江南高手华辉，並協助華輝拔出插在背上十多年的三枚毒針。
While travelling through the region in July 1783, Forster saw trade caravans being taxed on the orders of Subah Khan’s son.
，1234年3月9日攻灭金朝。
Notebook for Cortana can launch after released, Notebook can use for Cortana writing in To Do List on Windows 10, Windows Phone 8.1 and more. in Windows Mixed Reality, Cortana can using from the privacy can starting on 2016.
Section 5, Clause 2 does not provide specific guidance to each House regarding when and how each House may change its rules, leaving details to the respective chambers.
Yellow journalism might include exaggerating facts or spreading rumors.
He began drawing the people there, and in 1885, he painted his first important work, The Potato Eaters.
On July 1st 1867, the North German Constitution made the alliance a federal state.
Rorabaugh, W.J. The Alcoholic Republic: An American Tradition, 1979.
They found no signs of land; a lead weight dropped through the ice reached a depth of convert before the line snapped, a depth which confirmed there was no land in the vicinity.
His father was Tim Buckley.
The stroke (or up and down movement) is usually less than one inch (25.4 mm).
Those in the halo contain many more stars and are much older than the less dense open clusters in the disk.
历任中共浏阳县委副书记、副县长、代县长、县长；
A female eastern spinebill feeding.
在举办面向法国的第一届比赛后，参赛范围于2016年扩大至全世界。
Knowing that this will free the aliens on Earth, Ripley, the mercenaries, Wren, a surviving marine named DiStephano, and a surviving alien host, Purvis, set out to escape on the Betty and then destroy the Auriga.
Rhodes lives mostly on tourism industry now.
Because of India's location, a lot of this illegal opium is trafficked (snuck illegally) through India's borders.
's invention, c. 1445, of movable printing type.
Macbeth is now king.
Note that this setup is different from a proxy firewall (also called application layer firewall).
Denizci (The Marine), John Bonito tarafından yönetilen 2006 yapımı Amerikan aksiyon filmi.
But they were both complicated equations, and how you got the numbers to plug into the equations turned out to be different depending on which way you got started.
Ağdam, Hanlar, Goranboy, Dashkasan, Gadabay ve Ter Ter bölgelerinde, Hazar Denizi adalarında, yeşil alanlarda, korunan alanlarda ve şehir ve tatil yerlerinde avlanma yasaktır.
Since the death of Marcellus II 1555, every Pope has taken a Papal name.
，棲息深度20-43公尺，體長可達10公分，
，地址為五峰鄉花園村二鄰，村內約三十戶人家，
》丛书中，众多将帅都发表了文章，但林彪却没有写。
He calls these two sub-genre "center-core SF".
此頁面分類收錄曾參加自1989年起，包含冬季系列賽（1998－99年起）的main的車手。
Law No. 56 decreed on August 6, 1891 that Goicoechea be itself established as a canton in the province of San José with Guadalupe as its municipality.
Because the heart muscle contracts during systole, "systolic pressure" is the highest pressure in the arterial blood stream during each heart beat.
，發現家貓只與中東野貓群譜系聚在一起且兩者的基因並無差別，而非傳統觀點的歐洲野貓、中國山區野貓、中亞野貓、南非野貓等四個基因群集。
Hillery called the Irish Army's Chief of Staff the following day and as Commander-in-Chief of the Army had ordered the Chief of Staff to make sure that no politician ever interfered with the career of the young army officer.
The pub and general store at Ourimbah show a scene which is familiar in most towns.
单曲中的吉他独奏部分有些许不同，中间部分的钢琴和管弦乐队部分都进行了调整。
The Far East as depicted within the Kunyu Wanguo Quantu by Matteo Ricci in 1602.
，开平矿务局是中国最早的机械化大型煤矿，以保证军工产业所需要的能源物资。
All Form 1 new students are Band 1 students.
Regina accompanied him, as did Rollo (their dog).
This was just ten days after the Battle of Gettysburg.
根據這項提案，空軍將起飛跑道長度要求放寬到8000英尺（2424公尺），但是降落縮短為4000英尺（1212公尺）。
Like the water of life, Ma'at's potion brought an afterlife after death to the peaceful and law-abiding people, but death to violent and cruel people.
Harry recognises this and names a child after him in honour of his braveness.
It was developed by producer Kenith Trodd.
He was sworn in on 26 May 2014.
By 1940, she claimed to have not seen her siblings in 22 years and believed them to be dead.
Founded in 1980 by Carl Rosendahl, PDI was one of the pioneers of computer animation.
Yubico表示該決定源自他們保護弱勢互聯網使用者的使命以及對言論自由的支持 citation citation 。
巴东得腊主要生产糖，因此设有糖厂和竹园，除了加工本地竹园的糖以外也对进口的糖进行加工。
Intermarriage between the Phulkian Jatts, and Rajasthani Royal Hindu Jatts, was very common, During the 19th Century.
自從巴爾米拉於2016年3月被收復後，
Bununla beraber Venediklilerle Akkoyunlular arasında bile gizli ilişkiler kurulmaya başlanmıştır.
Departments are divided into communes and/or districts.
As the nymph grows, it does not change the way it looks, but only how big it is.
Amir Fryszer Guttman was born as Amir Feiger in Kiryat Haim to a Romanian-born couple.
The veins going into the left atrium are the pulmonary veins.
She gives birth to a child.
He feels that more problems are caused by it being illegal than would be caused if it were legal.
及後由於第28座因山泥傾瀉導致樁柱露出，所有居民均被遷往樓齡較新的第1-3座，並進行補救工程。
Unlike Chinese, Nôm was not studied or classified systematically for most of its history.
Some kinds of pull-ups use weights on a belt to make the exercise harder.
Trading Card Game, there is a snake-like Trap Card Monster called 'Embodiment of Apophis'.
The main part of the town was destroyed by fire in 1873, but was soon rebuilt.
Then he became a Christian himself and was an important leader.
As a result, May dislikes smoking, even to the point where he has prohibited smoking indoors at his more recent concerts.
The host city for an Olympic Games is chosen seven years ahead of the event.
In 2002, Hanshin improved to fourth, and Igawa's record was 14-9.
The central section between Paddington in central London and Abbey Wood in the south-east, is due to open in December 2018.
Then he left Doctor Who.
然而，儘管擬鴯鶓又像鶴鴕又像鴯鶓，系統發生學分析仍支持擬鴯鶓屬於鴯鶓類，而非鶴鴕類的成員 。
However the Bombay Riots usually refers to the riots in Mumbai, in December 1992 and January 1993, in which 900 people died.
The word register can have several meanings.
It was released on March 23, 2015, by Westbury Road and Roc Nation.
It was released December 15, 2000.
Their second album, Movement, was released the next year.
National Council on Disability, Washington DC: 1–55.
Both male and female are similar, but young birds have pale buff edges on the wing coverts.
In other words, a person must first get a bachelor's degree before they can get a master's degree.
They formed in 1979 and disbanded 1988.
The Star Name Registry (SNR) is a British organization that sells the right to unofficially name stars.
Arthur learns that the Earth was actually a giant supercomputer.
The most important is the Laguna de Oviedo, on the eastern coast and near the town of Oviedo, with an area of convert.
This is because the first known emo band, Rites Of Spring, is from that city.
The List of Manchester United F.C. players is evolving.
Indiana Historical Society Publications 8. Indianapolis: Wm. B. Burford, 1924.
Bilgisayar ağı aşamasında mesajlar adreslenmesi ve mantıksal adreslerin fiziksel adreslere çevrilmesi gerçekleştirilir.
凡國有大造大疑，則與司徒、司空通而論之。
Physical attractiveness: The influence of selected torso parameters" in Archives of Sexual Behavior Volume 10, No 1 1981 and height.
Sometimes, kanji only have on-yomi and have no kun-yomi.
"The Girl from Ipanema" won the Grammy Award for Record of the Year in 1965.
Often the banyan tree is formed from several different fruits which germinated on the same host tree.
Europe took a break in 1992, but came back in 2003.
，可適應不同的部署環境轉換燃料類型，例如在1980及1990年代於西歐部署的美國陸軍裝甲部隊，為配合北約地面部隊的主流而使用柴油作為燃料，
The League of Nations did not discuss the Italian conspiracy against the national sovereignty of Yugoslavia.
He gets to know his co-moderator Vicky Larson, who stands in for the pregnant woman Becky.
She aids Percy in four of his five quests and is captured in one of them.
He was the first gymnast to qualify the Olympics since the 2000 Sydney Olympic games.
Manisa il merkezine 122 km, Alaşehir ilçesine 15 km uzaklıktadır.
The table below is about the world Gini coefficient (not by single countries).
藉由學生活動並歡迎所有年級的學生參加並鼓勵學生發表意見。
His followers were called Methodists.
After Brady's near death, he and his wife, Sarah, became a supporter of gun control.
The Park can only be reached by boat.
During the 2011 NLL season, the Toronto Rock won the league championship for the sixth time.
So, they get into fights often.
Cesarani, 2005, s. 173 Uluslararası baskı altında olan Macar hükümeti 6 Temmuz 1944'te sürgünleri durdurdu; bu zamana kadar Macaristan'ın 725,000 Yahudisinden 437,000'i öldü.
It was founded in 1606.
Those who take care of the sick person are taught how they can see it if the dehydration gets worse.
径山成为中日文化交流的重要阵地和渠道，而今仍在继续的往来，还将进一步为中日友谊增添光彩。
Bu toplumların oluşmasını, sonrasında genişleyerek devletlerin oluşmasını sağladı.
The yellow press published a lot about the revolution (much of which was not quite true), but conditions on Cuba were bad enough.
As he and Max Mercury kill Cobalt Blue, a child takes Cobalt Blue's power gem and kills Allen.
The coefficient of static friction is the friction force between two objects when neither of the objects is moving.
He had one son.
她是美國第二艘以海軍軍官大衛·麥道加（David M. McDougal）為名的軍艦。
He served as Archbishop of Baltimore, Maryland, from 1989 to 2007 and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1994.
They planned peaceful methods of struggle in Turkey.
Davids started her legal career at SNR Denton in 2010.
In the United States, they are also vulnerable to frosts.
李存勖告诉刘玉娘，但刘玉娘为了争宠，以家世寒微为耻，否认那是自己父亲，谎称父亲早已死去，命在宫门对刘老汉施以笞刑。
藤原育子（ふじわら の むねこ（いくし）、
Sometimes other ingredients are added to make them taste better.
Alternative genetic foundations for a key social polymorphism in Fire Ants.
She won many beauty pageants.
The flag of Scotland is blue with a white saltire.
其後，胡克定入讀劍橋大學菲茨威廉學院 ，
It was also the building very often hit by lightning.
In 1989, the series was adapted for more mainstream audiences on BBC1 as Screen One.
淺根性，正常結實在20年前後。
However, he never married.
He was born in Sømna.
People born in the 330s, from the year 330 to the year 339.
This track will be 5.684 km long.
There are various types of thickness, shapes and lengths.
Small shrines known as kavus, associated with the Theyyam, dot the district.
She is successful in her quest.
It was also the soundtrack to the documentary The Secret Life of Plants, directed by Walon Green.
Mahon, mavna (galeas) tipi gemi Venedikli gemi ustalari tarafından 16. yuzyilda gelistirilen kadirga tipli cektiri ve kalyon tipli yelkeknli arasinda olan bir gemidir.
Glomgod tosses one of the golden coins to Scrooge.
People who were students at the school become a part of the Cholmeleian Society.
Due to this construction, the curved waterway of the stream became straight one at last.
You don't know which.
法國受到鄰國英國的影響，19世界開始興盛起來，在平地賽事方面，
，鐵路工作人員與相關專家則表示這可能導致其在事故前便因而分散了注意力。
入民国为县知事公署，今为县政府。
……“我们亏欠这一悲惨事件的所有遇难者和幸存者，也亏欠所有受到其影响的人们，我们必须记住1995年4月19日，理解这一事件到底意味着什么，并且对这个州乃至这个国家仍然意味着什么。”
自2008年起，深圳中考开始实施网上阅卷。
She graduated from Wilfrid Laurier University in Waterloo, Ontario, with an Honours BA in Economics.
The last one of these happened in 2017.
非法交易，在2007年2月28日受到刑事控訴，因此首都高速道路於隔年3月13日對這五家公司做出禁止投標的處分。
Since 2000 the Chief Executive of the British Library has been Lynne Brindley.
It was released on March 2, 2000 in North America, April 2000 in Europe and on August 8, 2000 in Japan.
He joined the AIF, the Australian Imperial Force, on 18 September 1914.
As of none, there are three living former presidents of Somalia, as seen below.
現在以原文《阿爾卑斯物語 我的安妮特》來表示。
The Library began its work in the tobacco room of the former Rothschild library, which served the bombed university library as accommodation.
' reputation as warriors.
学员们向红四总部反映曹教学有方，爱兵敬业；没多久，曹被恢复党籍，任红四红军大学上级干部指挥科科长。
After that it had 2,800 seats as it does today.
They face many great and small events and cope with them using Dooly's supernatural power and Douner's time cosmos(a sort of time machine).
His wife and children, Peter and Kellie, outlived him.
Ten Years in Washington: Life and Scenes in the National Capital as a Woman Sees Them.
The behaviorist, in his efforts to get a unitary scheme of animal response, recognizes no dividing line between man and brute.
This let them grow things on the land.
If it does not react fast enough, an accident will occur.
To fix this, electrolytes can be given through a needle placed in a vein.
It has black fur with a distinctive beige-coloured marking across its face and upper chest.
In 2010, 3,057 people lived there.
There were 17 houses at an average density of 49.3 per square mile (19.3/km 2 ).
Most of the time, they call themselves often simply Dune ("person", "human") or Dune-ne and Dune-ke/Dune-koh (ᑐᘅᘅ, "people", "men").
，胜间田善作一生中大部分时间均在海南岛度过。
当某种原因引起沼泽地下水位上升，沼泽水扩大，可向湖泊发育；当地下水位下降时，沼泽水可转化为地下水，沼泽变干可向草甸和森林演化。
Ayrıca, halktan deprem için özel bir vergi toplatmış ve Mart-Haziran 1510 tarihleri arasında hasarlar tamir edilmiştir.
The Gambling Act 2005 revised many regulations relating to gambling in England.
This condition is known as phocomelia.
The two teams were meeting in a World Series for the fifth time in nine years.
Birçok uzay bilimci Kepler’in teorisini ve onun çeşitli değişiklilerini, karşı gökbilimsel gözlemlerini test ettiler.
谦卑者派在1462年被取缔，果园圣母堂被分配给Canons Regular of San Giorgio in Alga修会。
其通常是出于商业或政治动机，针对特定组织或国家，并要求在长时间内保持高隐蔽性。
It was first climbed in 1952 by French mountain climbers Lionel Terray and Guido Magnone.
Carter was a member of the New Orleans City Council and as a member of the Louisiana House of Representatives.
Both the FIM and Silverstone agree the circuit needs to be remodeled for motorcycle racing.
The club won the league champions in 1980.
In August 1792, a riot broke out in Paris.
正式允许中国向美国出口鲶鱼，使中国成为第3个获批向美国出口鲶鱼的国家 citation 。
People answer yes, no, or ‘?’
The family lived in the area known as the "Coal Docks", an immigrant enclave near the docks in Fort William.sfncheck The family shared a home with six boarders.
在18世纪，塔楼曾经用作监狱。
有些教團通常只敬禮本教团所认可的圣人；有些圣人則只在其家鄉受到敬禮。
The moas became extinct about five hundred years ago.
A soldier armed with a musket was called a musketman or musketeer.
The rest are on display.
Of course there may be some other instruction in the program whose data is available in the cache at that point.
Lemurs communicate with a variety of hoots.
Terrance "Terry" Sweeney (born March 23, 1950) is an American writer, comedian and actor.
This audio file was created from an article revision dated 2010-12-02, and does not play the most recent changes to the article.
That nation gave the river its name.
If both players get to forty, the score is deuce from which 2 more points are needed to win the game.
By adding small amounts of carbon to iron, they found that they could make a particularly useful alloy – steel.
Traffic collisions often result in injury, death, citation and property damage.
，设立罕艾日克镇 新疆维吾尔自治区人民政府关于同意和田县罕艾日克乡撤乡建镇的批复（新政函〔2012〕27号） 。
The differences are connected with allowing the baby to pass through the birth canal successfully.
In 2011 Homan retired from playing because of a wrist injury.
附帶一提的是這個複製劍卻在他自己也參加的遊戲對決中因為敗給了蒸氣魔術師而被奪走。
结业后分配到安徽洒县安徽省财政厅厅第十一进出口货物检查处任分派所长。1940年，皖东北建立抗日民主根据地，他任皖东北进出口货物检查处分处主任、处长 citation 。
The upper part of the building, where these windows are, is called the clerestory (or clear storey).
The population was 2,461 at the 2000 census.
She modeled for the magazine Domani from 1995 to 2007.
Constand Laubscher Viljoen (28 October 1933 – 3 April 2020) was a South African military commander and politician.
The Padres baseball team is named after the "priest" meaning.
Franz Wohlfahrt played then 20 years or 496 matches for this club divided in two sections.
There are also trains to Trowbridge, Melksham and Westbury.
They are horse-drawn coaches.
這批左輪手槍又被非正式地稱為M（Model，型號）1902。
但德国虽然在一战中最后战败，其元气并未受到过大的伤害，工业体系依然保存完整，本土也并未受到战火的波及。
She was raised in Long Beach California.
In 2005/2006, there were 3,442 international students enrolled at TU Dresden.
The Constantinople Conference.
Superior is within the Bitterroot Range of mountains.
They had been held prisoner by the English for eight years.
The goal is to harvest the food when it is mature with a high nutritional value, and preserve these qualities for a longer period of time.
The British Army did not buy the Blindfire system until 1979.
They get nitrogen from the insects they trap.
Horsehair is used to make a stiff fabric.
She leaves at midnight and returns home.
Orr won the Conn Smythe Trophy as MVP in the playoffs both years.
Believing the cat has avoided him, he vengefully grasps the cat, only to be bitten on the hand.
The purpose of paradeigma is to provide an audience with an illustration of similar occurrences.
A second monument was also built in 1958, near where prisoners had been buried together in mass graves.
A player has 3 lives, and when all of them are lost, the game ends.
However, there are also many national and international shooting sports which other organisations are in charge of.
A ﬁxed tenon was made by shaping the end of one timber to ﬁt into a mortise (hole) that is cut into a second timber.
Gordian II is killed.
Euler shows that a necessary condition for the walk is that the graph be connected and have exactly zero or two nodes of odd degree.
She is married and has two children.
Jet-A與軍用的JP-8，都是純煤油燃料，而Jet-B與軍用的JP-4，則屬於煤油與汽油的混合配方。
在其中，叙述者——主唱查尔斯·凯利（Charles Kelley）和希拉里·斯科特（Hillary Scott）表示，他们互相幫助来脫離世界消极和偏见的那一面。
The season starts with a regular season comprising 14 teams and 26 rounds.
The Japanese carrier was protected by six Zeros and two Type 96 'Claude' fighters flying combat air patrol (CAP).
It costs more than $7 for a car to enter it from Ohio.
Good Morning Scotland (weekdays, 0600-0900) is Scotland's longest-running radio programme and one of the most popular in the country.
Many American states already had hate crime laws, but Georgia did not. citation Hate crime laws make it a separate, additional crime to harm someone because of what group they belong to or look like they belong to.
They have been painted for private owners and would usually have been kept in houses.
Originally founded as a military order of chivalry, the star (or pip) is worn as army officers' rank insignia.
Her ne kadar bir grup Bney Menaşe süre dolmadan Gazze'yi terkettilerse de son ana kadar orada kalmayı tercih eden bir kısım ise zorla çıkarıldılar.
However, when Xiaoman became wasteful, Zhimo had to teach in two universities to sustain the expenditure.
交戰中，稻葉一鐵斬首60人，市橋長利跟不破光治在進攻一揆方據點時，雖遇到一揆方投降，但兩人不敢接受 續本朝通鑑 二百四 。
特里·马丁博士，一名为了研究古兰经代码“伊斯拉”而专门被聘请来的阿拉伯问题专家，无意中提起了他的哥哥，英国特种部队退役军官麦克·马丁上校，可以冒名顶替一名阿富汗人。
Alınan üç puanla beraber takım on yedinci sıraya yükseldi.
There are only a few radio channels for wireless networks.
In addition to Henderson Field, two additional fighter runways were constructed at Lunga Point and a bomber airfield was built at Koli Point.
It is a protected area of convert.
The album got critical and commercial success.
It is thought that the family had been executed.
Zoe is the Shannon's 5 year old daughter.
There are several other structures at the site as well.
This is the opposite of 'objectivity', which says that the truth is always there and people have to discover it.
; 竹中 半藏（たけなか はんぞう）
同時，第一局投球必須是在13球以內，才能繼續投下一局。
The story is about an ugly but intelligent gnome prince who bestows wit on a beautiful but stupid princess in return for marriage.
O Slavs, thou race of many fragments!
The ride opened on June 21, 1996.
Nine days later, a separate Serb Assembly was created, to represent only the Serbs in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Crowds were watching.
，當地人告訴他們前幾日山洪爆發，一對兄弟在上學途中涉溪淹死，還感慨若有一座橋，這對兄弟就不會被淹死，於是他發心四處造橋 。
This is because of the history and because it is close to the mountains and the sea.
Romola Anderson; R. C. Anderson, A Short History of the Sailing Ship (Mineola, NY: Dover Publications, 2012), p. 109 Originally the definition of a sloop was vague.
，約他在一家餐廳中見面，因為她有十分重要的事要告訴衛斯理 鬼子 – 星環 – 第一部 – P.110-111 。
Willie Dixon, who played the bass and produced for Chess Records, wrote a lot of his hits from this time.
這種舞蹈是軍事性質的，反映在戰鬥中的勝利。
There are even groups of three or more stars that orbit each other.
我魯肅請求奉命前往荊州，為劉表弔唁，并慰勞其軍中的將領，及勸劉備安撫劉表部下，同心一意，共抗曹操，劉備必定歡答應。
The project found that Panglao alone has more marine biodiversity than Japan and the Mediterranean sea.
石村 舞波（1992年11月20日 － ）
Böylece İrlanda'da iki ana Hristiyan mezhep olan Katolik ve Protestant Hristiyanlar için kiliselerin başkanı olan başpiskoposlar da Armagh'da bulunmaktadırlar.
Carbon Copy is produced when a sheet of carbon paper is placed between two sheets of writing paper.
The Philidorian, ed. by G. Walker (1838) page 159.
The Our river has a length of convert.
约瑟夫·爱默生·伍斯特的《英語詞典》
蘇星河不僅武功極高，且盡得無崖子雜學真傳，並分傳門下弟子神医薛慕华等函谷八友，
於1993年至1996年，在寂靜山谷國家公園就有14群獅尾猴存在。 citation 另外在色夕就有32群獅尾猴，是存活在最北端的群族。 citation 於2007年，
In 1951 de Valera was returned to power but without an overall majority.
They are usually called spiny mice in English.
另一个常见的技巧是快速的用中指点燃打火机，也有人用牛仔裤来打开Zippo上盖并点燃它。
Domesday book In 1251 Henry III said there could be a weekly market here and two annual fairs.
The capital is Owerri.
Typically refers to Battlegrounds (rated and non-rated), Arenas and City Raids.
Many or most of the people who were not issued refunds were low-income individuals https://www.
It was a Category 1 storm when it struck.
That way, A becomes N, B becomes O, and so on.
His father and mother had a hotel in the part of the city called the Hill District.
It holds the tallest and fastest ride called pepsi max.
西有碧差汶山脉和栋帕耶费山，南有山甘烹山脉及扁担山脉，东北部有普潘山脉。
For example, there are some drugs whose heat is less than the coldness of certain diseases, so that they would have no effect on them.
So Meade knew he had to do something.
YouTube lawyers sent proof of removal to court and users could access the website again on March 9, 2007.
Elliptical galaxies have a large range in size.
Qatar supported the Muslim Brotherhood, even after Morsi was out of power.
Film, yönü, hikâyesini, kötü adamını ve olay örgüsünü zayıf bulan eleştirmenlerden genel karışık eleştirel tepki aldı, ancak oyunculuk, aksiyon sahneleri ve heyecan verici atmosferi oldukça övgü almıştır.
The project began in 2011.
Yayımlandıktan sonra klibin sayfasına yapılan yoğun ziyaretler sebebiyle Vevo kanalı çöktü.
The prince becomes her companion.
Imagine the Earth's equator extended out to an infinite distance.
She is one of the most successful Turkish singers with the sales of over 30 million copies worldwide.
The album was released on December 10, 1985.
This is what makes ventricle contraction take place and makes ventricular systole.
Wednesday 25 July 2007.
，Wiiiihahaha ）。
I have never seen anything remotely approaching the mess that the new punk version of Romeo & Juliet makes of Shakespeare's tragedy."
İçinde balık ya da balina yağı yakılan taştan lamba kabı (kenurraq) ve onun ağaçtan ayaklığı, qasginin aydınlatılması için yeterliydi.
The death certificate listed the cause of death as "
He will take birth in India.
They made polished red ceramics.
裡根政府及其保守派盟友除了擴大對安盟的軍事支持外，還努力擴大對薩文比的認識，認為它是重要的冷戰鬥爭中美國的關鍵盟友。
'de yapılan Türkistan müslümanları kongresinde, Türki bölgelerin soylu ailelerden gelen Özbek, Tatar, Kazak, Kırgız, Türkmen ve Başkırt önderler Türkistan Müslüman Konseyi altında birleşmiştir.
She was also the first New Zealander to hold the world record in the women's long jump.
無業，被金澤賴子像養寵物一樣養著。
This is to defend the team in case enemies come in close contact.
A storm was named Andrea for the first time in 2007.
He also painted hangings for overseas missionaries and decorations on fans before he enrolled in art school.
This reveals unconscious desires and their repression.
If a mixture of different materials is used together in a ceramic, the sintering temperature is sometimes above the melting point of one minor component – a liquid phase sintering.
The agreement led to Israel retreating behind the Suez Canal.
Stylianos Gonatas, Greek military officer and politician (d.
As it approached, it sucked the water out of the bay, causing the Manatee River to be so low you could walk a horse across it.
Trimble and Halliday met while attending Bangor Grammar School.
If a woman gets an infection while she is pregnant, sometimes the infection can affect her fetus.
During the first wave, women began to realize that they must first gain political power before they could bring about social change.
Much of the city was destroyed and both sides had heavy losses.
Jeff competed for singles titles several times, but did not win.
在若开邦的边界冲突之后，于1824年3月5日，战争爆发。
He graduated from the Kyiv Medical School (now the Kyiv Medical School).
It was a dwarf species.
She is black and swarthy, a daughter of the giant Narfi.
Mitlerde tanrılar insanlara benzer şekilde davranışlara sahipti.
The area has seven sub-municipalities.
She has one brother and one sister.
可充“云安、夷陵、南浦、南平、巴东”等五郡节度采访处置防御等使（即唐中期奉节云安郡“夔峡节度使”）。
He has a love interest in Bessie.
Neither are in the book.
The oldest pieces were dated back to the 1320s.
I see the whole world in a tiny stone.
Chilliwack was incorporated as a town in 1873 and was the third municipality in British Columbia.
Caps have crowns that fit very close to the head.
After this conversation, Jayfeather discovers Tigerheart on ThunderClan territory, then starts to question him, trying to get answers.
The population of Dar es Salaam is increasing at a rate of 4.39% each year.
After several years, Manuel joined the group Los Sabrosos del Merengue.
沿海政策旨在维持马来西亚的航运和造船业，从而减少对外国航运的依赖。
A triumphant little Popeye then returned home with a nice string of whales for Whaler Joe that night.
In his original form, all he can say is his name, but as Super Janemba, all he makes are grunts and groans, similar to Kid Buu.
長征3號亦是091型核潛艇中經過減低噪音改進後的第一艘可進行遠程長期靜音潛航的核潛艇，曾創下多項紀錄，有「水下先鋒艇」之稱號。
However, after escaping Atlanta, Rhett stops the wagon under a bridge over which the Confederate soldiers are marching.
It was deflated and replaced with a retractable roof.
The building was built as a house for French kings.
Charles Martel 741'de ölene kadar Merovenj Hanedanı'ndan olan ve birleşik Franklar Krallığı tahtına meşru hakkı olan III.
He was later an important person in the establishment of Kiwirrkurra, in 1983.
Psychological testing of the modern type started about 150 years ago.
The show based on the Monday Night Football Club books by Gordon Korman.
As of 2014, she is the only female governor in the state of Massachusetts.
Jacob imprints on her.
Honecker's autobiography Aus meinem Leben is translated into English as From my life.
同日，民進黨發表聲明譴責勞工團體「暴力行為」；
The album included the single "Let Me Ride".
Later, he put the dish on the menu at his restaurant, the Alfredo alla Scrofa, and called his version Fettuccine Alfredo.
Selena asked for the documents one last time.
Some PhD/DPhil degrees also require students to pass exams in languages (such as French, German, or other languages).
His citation reads "When the regimental color bearer fell, this soldier seized the colors and carried it forward, together with the national standard, until disabled at the enemy's inner line."
Kelly started her career at KSBR 88.5 FM in 1996.
學生為男女合班，通稱毒蛋（意思為毒竹城忍蛋）。
Gyorin was applied to a multi-national foreign policy.
He also worked on Westwood One with Marv Albert, his dad, as a sideline reporter for Monday Night Football.
”, but that may just mean that he studied Ockeghem’s music.
Some highlights are Dark Mode (UI theme & appearance), time shifts reflecting the hour of the day (desktop background), file stacks, edit features in quick look, continuity camera and Group FaceTime features also adds the screenshot app.
Emerald was cut-off by road on 29 December as the Nogoa River rose.
It is in the north-west of the country.
第4集，得知是瓔珞告訴愉貴人枇杷新葉有毒，將其提來問罪。
So, when we look somewhere, part of what is there is not actually perceived (the brain 'fills in' so we do not notice).
In the same year, while Poland was in a state of political and economic crisis, Stresemann began a trade war against the country.
Penfield is credited with bringing abstraction to commercial art through his boldly simplified shapes.
Mary died on October 1, 1260 in Melle.
There is a famous Holy Spring in Krasny Klyuch near the town of Nizhnekamsk.
He then acted in several more commercially successful films like Gupt (1997), Badal (2000), Bichhoo (2000), Apne (2007) and Yamla Pagla Deewana (2011).
Potasyum permanganat boyahanelerde renk açıcı (indigo boyalar) olarak kullanılır.
He is designing modern buildings, but he does not earn much money.
'nda temsil etmiş ve 4. Tur'da (1/4) elenmiştir.
The players that are still alive will talk to each other about everyone's roles.
This meant that there were some problems with the first 747-400s.
Sağdaki görsel tek döngü diyagramını göstermektedir ve kalın çizgiler fermiyon yayıcısını temsil ederken, dalgalı çizgiler bozonları temsil eder.
Each tube will end near one ovary.
Even the artillery, health and administrative apparatus were renovated, as well as logistics services.
In due course, spiny-headed worms will probably be placed in a taxonomic rank below phylum, such as sub-phylum or class.
Past winners & finalists by category.
The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in 2018.
Bu koşullarda Batı Avrupa güvenliği konusunda görüşmelere girişmeyi kabul etmiştir.
A few have no symmetry, and are asymmetric.
But the hobbits can defeat and catch him.
She became his northern queen.
懷利跟著法西練了九年，最初在丹佛，
For many years, Flynn worked to get the support and money he needed to start an organization that would bring doctors and medical care by plane to people living in the Outback.
Walls that use large stones put together without any attempt at courses is called rubble walling.
It is at 51° 08 North, 03° 20 East.
It inspired Miller very much.
He wis first Triple Crown event later that year when he won the 2011 UK Championship, defeating Mark Allen 10–8 in the final.
It is the third tallest free-standing structure in Canada, after CN Tower, also in Toronto, and the Inco Superstack in Sudbury, Ontario.
Lazar Kaganovich, a Soviet politician, coined the term.
He was born into a Hindu Gujarati family in Vadnagar.
This may have been a reference to the allegations about the second affair.
Gurnemanz is now very old.
After his time in the Bush Administration, Thompson was a partner with the law-firm Akin Gump and Chairman of Deloitte's global healthcare practice and has served on the board of 22 other organizations.
It is at 50° 43 North, 04° 52 East.
Handling effects on body weight and behaviour of group-housed male rabbits in a laboratory setting.
After that 120 days, the program would start again for individual countries.
In 63 BC, Aristobulus was surrounded in Jerusalem by his brother's armies, and the situation was bad.
曹仁亲自率军围城，朱桓重整军队守御。
This layer protects the metal by preventing oxygen from reaching it.
Kristal oluşumunu sağlayan etkenler olduğu gibi, oluşumu engelleyen etkenler de vardır ve bunlar organizmalardır.
In the second trailer, many fans were praised the new design of Sonic.
At the prison, there was a program called the "
，3艘中國海警船“2401”、“2166”以及“35115”於日本時間上午9點05分左右駛入釣魚台列島領海里巡航約1小時30分。
每个大门旁设一个值班室，八户梁社区联防队员每日24小时在该值班室轮流值班。
Games that support online multiplayer use Gameloft Live as their connection platform.
It is divided into two main parts by the dry bed of the old Shatt-en-Nil (Arakhat).
总面积13平方公里，人口817人，人口密度62.
Sabor would appear as a mini-boss in the Deep Jungle level of the 2002 video game ''
五栋建筑分成两个功能区，其中2、3、4栋为会议中心建筑，1、5栋为配套酒店。
He was known for his book Wierook en tranen ("Incense and Tears").
A variety of tests have been performed to demonstrate telepathy, but there is no scientific evidence that the power exists.
The nephew was found guilty, and he was sentenced to death.
在不同情況，選擇最優的解，可能會導致辛普森悖論（Simpson's Paradox），不一定出現最優的解。
》亦指责中国“战狼外交”（配圖中的簡體中文「權」誤寫成「杈」）。 citation 。
At war’s end, Kellner helped to establish the SPD in Laubach, and he became the regional party chairman.
's Guide to the Good Life.
This means that if an otome has sex with a male she will not be able to materialise any more, and will stop becoming otomes, because she lost her power.
到18世纪90年代中期，土地投资使他们相对富裕，但这并没有改变他们节俭的生活方式。
，半澤常與同事於此討論事情 citation 。
This sign is put up in public areas to show that smoking is not allowed there.
， 李世瑜、韩根东．《略论天津方言岛》．天津师大学报．1991年第2期．
、党委副书记。 citation citation 。
It is at 50° 38 North, 04° 36 East.
The rank of lieutenant colonel is often shortened to simply "colonel" in conversation and in unofficial correspondence.
And often contacted with other countries leaders.
Koku alma duyusu yoktur.
Helmut Dumler 和 Willi P. Burkhardt，《The High Mountains of the Alps》，出版社：London: Diadem, 1994年，第219页。
It had positive reviews from critics.
“In Purgatory there are different levels; the lowest is close to hell and the highest gradually draws near to Heaven.
Lootz' debt is nearly paid off.
The Derby Playhouse company had a national reputation for its productions.
A rival organisation is the International Dance Sport Federation (ISDF).
，朝廷討論後繼天皇的人選問題。
“GARNET TIME”是2002年6月至2003年10月之間在SKY PerfecTV!
John W. Baldwin, The Government of Philip Augustus Foundations of French Royal Power in the Middle Ages, (University of California Press, 1991), 364. 这段婚姻在腓力二世和约翰进行长期谈判后才缔结。
By his gallant, aggressive tactics and by his indomitable leadership, Second Lieutenant Inouye enabled his platoon to advance through formidable resistance, and was instrumental in the capture of the ridge.
，以抗议吴廷琰的宗教不平等政策。
Since then he is the Lord of the Rings.
They are Hokkaido, Akita, Shiba, Kai, Kishuu, and Shikoku.
She was then 51, and she lived for another 50 years.
Because things DO change.
For each tie, a draw is made between the two teams, and the first team drawn is the home team in single-legged matches (or the administrative "home" team in preliminary round matches), or home team of the first leg in play-off round two-legged ties.
F1 takımının gereğinden fazla kalabalıklaştığını düşünerek, konuyu eşiyle değerlendirdikten sonra Mooresville, Kuzey Carolina şehrine taşınmayı kabul etti ve teknik direktor olarak 2006-2008 yılları arasında Red Bull Racing Team'de görev yaptı.
The pitcher tries to get the player who is at-bat out.
作为社会科学的历史学的主要倡导者是各种各样的学者，
，他們是一對曾對超自然事件進行調查的已婚夫婦 citation 。
This production starred Antonietta Anastasi-Pozzoni as Aida, Pietro Mongini as Radames, Eleonora Grossi as Amneris, and Francesco Seller as Amonasro.
Stroud was never released from the federal prison system; he was imprisoned from 1909 to his death in 1963.
页109 牌坊后，立一照壁，挡住园中景色。
The San Diego–Coronado Bridge, locally referred to as the Coronado Bridge, opened in 1969 connected Downtown San Diego and Coronado Island.
They were the only things from his family that Jesus could carry when he left Judaea.
呂玟均（Lisa），（2001年12月24日 － ）。
In his time, he was known primarily as a choral composer.
The was another church there beforehand.
They married on October 15, 1948.
There is a picture of the Charlatan on one wall.
Apple snails are also common aquarium pets because of their size.
Zeepvat (2004), p. 175 DNA testing on the remains of the royal family proved in 2009 that Alexei suffered from Hemophilia B. His mother and one of his sisters were carriers.
The study of bryophytes is named bryology.
Detlev Schwennicke, Europäische Stammtafeln: Stammtafeln zur Geschichte der Europäischen Staaten, Neue Folge, Band II (J. A. Stargardt, Marburg, Germany, 1984), Tafel 75 But rather than act like an ally Conan began to oppose Geoffrey.
In 2017, China started renaming places in this territory.
It began on 2003 and ended on 2004.
Another important factor that could drastically contribute to an optimal performance is the location where data centers are placed.
，而與澳洲假吸血蝠屬（澳洲假吸血蝠）
Samus returns to Zebes in Super Metroid after a monster called Ridley captures the baby Metroid and brings it there for his master, Mother Brain.
However, even though both disorders have similar symptoms, these symptoms are usually less severe with dysthymia.
It has one or two broad yellowish-white bands running along the length of each leaf.
For example, when a car brakes it decelerates.
由于中国國民黨内部派系意见不一，以及毛泽东、
The President of the Chamber of Deputies (Spanish: Presidente de la Cámara de Diputados) is the leading officer of the Chamber of Deputies of Mexico.
Carey is a direct descendent of Bishop Leonidas Polk, the founder of Sewanee, the University of the South.
Kolunda taşıdığı büyük beyaz bir yılan ile simgelenir.
He was elected into the World Boxing Hall of Fame in 1998.
Affinity chromatography works because most molecules from inside living things stick to some molecules but not others, the way magnets stick to opposite magnets but not to wood or plastic.
It had no front teeth, but it did have a horn-covered beak.
Kararsız ve potansiyel oksitleyicidir.
VH1 shows reality shows and reruns of sitcoms, whereas MTV's focus is on the current hits and also reality shows.
Swansea Channel is about convert wide and convert long.
The little dinosaurs must have lived on one of the large islands around the Lower Saxony basin.
底欲其平，缘欲其浅，饶州官窑所产素瓷青花者为最佳，龙泉自定次之。
It was positively welcomed from both audiences and film critics and became one of the highest-grossing movies in cinema history.
She had the shortest service life of any of the original ten cutters.
During an attack, Technical Sergeant Kobashigawa's platoon encountered strong enemy resistance from a series of machine guns providing supporting fire.
He died on 23 March 2014 in Tamahere, New Zealand, aged 74.
Drowned World Tour 2001 adlı turne DVD'si dünya genelinde 13 Kasım 2001'de piyasaya sürüldü.
Manager Leo Durocher told the team, "I do not care if the guy is yellow or black, or if he has stripes like a fuckin' zebra.
He spent most of his life painting there.
His specialty was Creole cuisine.
There are 3 mountains around Hachioji.
，處於寧堡縣，長3公里、寬0.
Rolling Stone gave the album four and a half stars.
Losing to Dexter in both a chemistry experiment and ice hockey, Mandark gives a moot code in response.
His friendship with Brittany, France, and Flanders meant he did not have to rely only on his own army.
The Imparja Cup Cricket Carnival started in 1994.
Sharp and Roberts proved that the coding DNA is separated by stretches of DNA which are non-coding.
Andres Ammas (25 February 1962 – 4 April 2018) was an Estonian politician.
，朗尼才取得本季首個進球，而他在這場比賽最終取得一個兩個進球，協助球隊以4比2大勝史篤城。
Ortağı olduğu ve yönettiği Madidi isimli şık bir restoranı ve Ground Zero isimli blues kulübü vardır ve ikisi de Clarksdale, Missisipi’de bulunmaktadır.
His father was banned from attending court at Versailles due to his liberal views.
However, Ganon already controlled Sheikah technology and he used this to attack the kingdom.
His mother, Deb, was a project manager at Herman Miller, the office-equipment manufacturer.
He was one of the first people to sign the Prague Declaration on European Conscience and Communism.
People who write malware also get their programs onto computers by attaching them to real programs that people want.
But sometimes they can be quite complex, especially in country areas (e.g. 2570 belongs to twenty-two towns and suburbs around Camden, New South Wales).
Instead, local governance is provided by the eight cities and thirty-one towns.
This book was called Harry Potter and the Cursed Child.
This party was formed mainly to overthrow the white-run colonial United Bahamian Party.
On December 31, 1983, the system was divided into independent companies, known as Baby Bells and RBOCs (Regional Bell Operating Companies).
By the time families were ready to settle the area, Johnny's tracts of land were ready for market.
Some animals use teeth as a weapon.
长征五号B运载火箭于2012年开始按中国运载火箭研制流程和中国载人航天工程要求立项研制。2018年11月，长征五号B通过初样转试样研制阶段评审，进入试样研制阶段。
According to census 2001, total population of Majursahi was 1,000.
Notice the carefully graded shifts in colour.
It is the fourth most populous district in Delhi.
、謎路人、薄荷葉樂團、胖虎樂團、最後大浪、
"Let them eat Cheesecake, Dunning".
Silver was known for directing Hester Street (1975) and Crossing Delancey (1988).
After being rescued by a pirate named Metal Beard, Emmet devises a team plan to infiltrate Business' headquarters to rescue the Master Builders and disarm the Kragle.
Pokémon Black 2 and White 2 play the same as thev previous games in the series.
它们在第一阶段的测试程序中表明，仅有单一类型的新机车并不足以满足所有的性能要求。
It was chosen on 14 January 1904.
In 1862 his estimate was between 20 and 400 million years; but in 1866 he reduced the top estimate to 100 million years, and attacked Darwin and Lyle for not taking notice of his calculation.
Then a master carpenter will tell the people who work for him what they have to do.
No buildings were burnt.
One of the sailors recounts the wreck of a whaling ship that he witnessed when it was lost with all hands in similar conditions.
Large masses cool slowly to form a polygonal joint pattern.
FIFA başkanı Blatter, maçın temsili başlama vuruşunu yapmıştır.
Her original father and her mother were German.
The naming followed the spirit of romantic nationalism.
婺源縣出身，歷任翰林學士、太學士、
The order given above is what Mussorgsky wanted.
Often, the person is unaware that they did not make sense.
He took this very hard, and was angry with Cassady.
The station was opened by the South Eastern Railway on 1 September 1866.
The issue is debated whether Nanotyrannus existed as a separate species or not ruling the land, destroying every competing species and being the apex predator of it's time.
Joseph N'Singa Udjuu Ongwabeki Untubwe (29 September 1934 – 24 February 2021 citation ) was a Congolese politician.
The initial story did not have the character of Mike Wazowski.
大福煤礦礦坑內工作，因此特別能體認基層勞工的辛酸 。
，所幸教育基金沒有被充作軍餉 《濟南文史資料選集》第三辑，P165 。
In 1999, another second common presentation (once again using dual-branding with the ITV name) was launched, under the theme, "TV from the Heart".
A little while after that Gracie switched coaches.
But fire is no ordinary discovery.
She also used expensive fashion.
It provides housing for the homeless and others.
They are Gyeongbokgung, Changdeokgung, Deoksugung, Changgyunggung, and Gyeonghuigung.
很可能是当时情报机构对IS-3M重型坦克的误认。
This Galba was a praetor in 54 BC and one of the assassins who murdered Julius Caesar.
It ends near the Dover Air Force Base and DE 1 continues south on Bay Road.
MetalGreymon'un sol elinin ve kafasının digichrome adı verilen özel ve sağlam demirle kaplı halidir.
A leading global city; New York exerts culture, media and capital internationally, as well as attracting great numbers of international travelers.
He also made solo albums.
The wings are large, broad, rounded and long.
He also had many concubines whose childless, and not be reported in royal pedigree.
、高自由度和大規模破壞為特色，
The experience of playing in small groups was important for her development as a composer.
It also decides where and how the name can be used.
The first year, the female turtle laid many eggs, and about half of them were fertilized.
He resigned end of 2005 season.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey's Holland Tunnel was built in 1927.
Many are romantic.
This unique, three-dimensional structure, NDT I – mature dancers, NDT II – young dancers, NDT III – senior dancers, residing in its own theater, designed and built by architect Rem Koolhaas in 1987, placed NDT in a totally new category.
This county is often chooses Republican candidates.
In 1891, Liliʻuokalani became Queen of Hawaii when her brother, the king, died.
It is pronounced "La Hoya".
If this is true, the two lines, that of Mungo Man and that of modern humans, separated a long time ago.
In 1989, Guo helped to write the law on the Protection of Women's Rights and Interests.
Strong winds have stopped people from fighting the fire and forced a dozen firefighters to seek emergency shelter under tents after the fire moved at them.
Mayberry, 1993 yılından bu yana Illinois, Şikago'da bulunan Steppenwolf Tiyatro Topluluğu'nun üyesiydi.
At first he did not want to start such a large work, but in 1975 he was persuaded to accept the commission and began work on his Saint-François d'Assise.
The vases and busts are from the Royal collections.
Trajan never officially designated an heir, but according to his wife Pompeia Plotina, Trajan named Hadrian emperor immediately before his death.
更有不少商人將廉宜的大貨車改裝，在貨斗上裝設木座椅，加設上蓋遮擋太陽風雨後，便成了運載乘客的「街坊車」。
This song was in the top 40 for many charts.
Clarence Malcolm Simpson (26 September 1933 – 7 December 2020) was a New Zealand cyclist.
In July 2006, Nell left Seo Tai Ji Company and joined Woolim Entertainment.
A player uses two mallets at a time when they play the drum.
She uses him to get closer to Cyrus.
Within each region with the same second number, postcodes usually get bigger the further one travels from the state's capital city along major highways and railways.
The Air Commerce Act of 1926 began to allow commercial aviation by creating standards, facilitation, and promotion.
The walls are of mud and formerly, among the Nilotic tribes, occasionally of stone.
Ophthalmologists are allowed to medically treat eye disease, implement laser therapy, and perform incisional surgery when needed.
In 1985 Essence honored her as "Mother of the Year".
The steep 5.5 degree approache requires special training for crew.
'ün önemli etkisi bulunmuştur.
And the studio called my agent and said we would like him to stay but we don't want to give him a raise."
Akçakışla'ya 25 km uzaklıkta ormanlık alandaki bu doğal tepe üzerinde yaklaşık 90x90 m ölçülerinde eski bir yerleşim alanının kalıntıları vardır.
Eventually, he is caught and put on display in a marine park exhibit.
Jewish prayer book (
If they are tied in goals, it goes to the player who has played fewer games.
英國國際先驅論壇報稱劉桓為一名國際時裝業上升的明星。
The museum opened on 29 November 1974.
Rakibi Afonso Pena 38,291 oy alarak seçimi kaybetti.
The shield shows a bear chained to a wych-elm tree.
如果一個法院的法官並不具備這樣的性質，該法院則不能運行美國的司法權。
By the end of his term, the school was official to all major organizations.
River have their origins in the district.
Players have also tied for the trophy.
巴琉语有7个元音(Edmondson 1995)： /a, e, ə, i, o, ɔ, u/ 。
Aşının hücre DNA'sını etkileyeceği yanılgısı mRNA aşılarına karşı bir komplo teorisi halini aldıysa da, bu iddia çürütüldü.
The four hobbits journey eastwards through the Old Forest, and over the Barrow-downs.
But his persecution mania is justified, after all, he has been the target of witches, stepmothers and giants countless times.
He managed the club until 1995.
She allegedly posed for the painting.
It carries out the policies set by the assembly.
Sovyetler Birliğinin dağılması sonrasında ordunun modernizasyonu yavaşladıysa da 2000'li yıllarda yeniden eski gücüne kavuştu.
However, the declines of amphibian population are still not understood.
He is commonly known as Giorgione.
It was in the away match against SC Wiener Neustadt.
My eyes and my heart will always be there” (1 King 9:3).
Aside from the crusades, Alfonso stayed primarily in Paris, governing his estates by officials, inspectors who reviewed the officials work, and a constant stream of messages.
在1997年的《廣州市城市快速軌道交通線網規劃研究（最終報告）》中，當時的7號綫，也就是現時的6號綫，中途设有北京路站，位置与现时基本一致。
With British help the 5 year occupation ended and Emperor Haile Selassie regained the throne.
These were made in the first to second centuries AD.
It is a sport that is most common between young children up to younger adults.
與前作《愛·天使·音樂·寶貝》相比，
其中一個例子是在模型—視圖控制模式中，在資料（模型）和其實現（視圖）之間導入控制器元件。
He attended school at Colegio Cardenal Spínola in Madrid.
Different countries have different regulations as to sex work.
His political career spanned over 66 years.
His job was changed from looking after the dead to judging them.
But Mercia was constantly pushing into his territory.
事件生起前後ノ状況 奄美群島東方海面ニ於テ昭和十一年八月十四日〇〇〇〇聯合艦隊第四回基本演習對敵行動中止ノ令ニ依リ青葉衣笠古鷹ノ順番號單縦陣半速力燈火警戒管制ニテ乙軍十四一〇四三〇集合轉(二八度一五北一三四度三〇東)ニ向ヒ航行中本艦々首ヲ以テ青葉艦尾ヲ追衝セリ(以下略)』
，擔任華航董事 citation 。
前置放大器的作用是放大调變的频率信号( LNA/AGC )，过滤其他频率的信号（ 带通滤波器，过滤载波带宽外其它信号 ）。
At the office, Michael proposes to her with the help of their co-workers.
Three members of the team made it to the summit on 14 August.
The result was war in the Netherlands from 1672 to 1678, during which Louis again demonstrated the effectiveness of French might.
He reigned from 626 until his death.
Japon sanatını çalışamazsınız, bana öyle geliyor ki, daha eşcinsel ve mutlu olmadan.
In his experiments he found that people who squeezed an object on one side of the body also got stronger on the opposite side of the body.
Some people took a few precautions.
As one of the rare rock powers that has always maintained a vigorous innovative vibe and finally achieved transformation, they have always been staying at the front line of Chinese rock world.
Bu darbeden tam dört yıl sonra Grunitzky'de askerî darbe sonucu görevden uzaklaştırıldığında, yine aynı şekilde darbe kadrosu içerisinde yer almayan Dadjo, 14 Ocak 1967 tarihinde geçici hükûmetin başkanı olarak atanarak göreve getirilmiştir.
They were Jacinta Marto, Tiago Veloso and Lúcia (Sister Lucia).
The book of Go.
King Henry then appealed to canon (Church) law and the marriage was eventually annulled (not legal) in August 1124.
The final report was expected within six months, but publication of the report was delayed until 20 July 2006.
Following is an important part of Twitter as a social network.
Darwin's book did two things.
Somebody who studies theology is called a theologian.
He went to grade school at Bennies Corners near Almonte, then Almonte High School, and graduated in 1883.
Hakemlerin gizli tutulan raporları dergi arşivlerinde beş yıl süre ile tutulur.
Köyün yemekleri saraylı tatlısı ve basma helvası tarhanası yufkası ve bademle yapılan baklavası meşhurdur, ne kadar bilinmese de köyde tarihi yer olarak yedi taşlar ve kız kulesi bulunmaktadır.
The fighting continued for years.
He was considered to be one of the finest theatrical conductors in Europe.
The Ethiopians who have been captured are brought before the crowd.
It is like an island city.
In the end, Boog decides to stay in the forest and says goodbye to his owner Ranger Beth (
The two piece finished recording "Dear Diary" in early August 2008.
He was not involved in the planning, but did not stop Hitler.
Several states have considered laws banning abortions altogether.
The Republic of Sierra Leone has five regions the Northern Province, North West Province, Southern Province, the Eastern Province and the Western Area.
Tamara Moskvina of the Soviet Union performed the spin at the 1965 European Championships and there is a famous photo of her doing it as well.
但是國王拒絕給予該國會任何憲法上的權力，自由主義者因而失望地解散。
After the trial, the judge said that intelligent design was creationism, not science.
尽管通常不称为电器制造商，但它们还包括汽车音频产品，混合动力车辆和电动车辆，因此它们包含在本节中。
She was a favourite of the future King, so much so that she had free access to the royal kitchens at the Pavilion.
傳說西元前二十一世紀以前，本區尚屬海濱之地，東南即大海，境內為異族共工氏佔據。
Of the total population, 15.1% are at least 65 years old, 24.6% are under the age of 18, with the remaining 60.3% of the population being persons from 18 to 64. Males comprise 48.1% and females make up 51.9% of the total population.
估计世界潜在的地热发电能力差别很大，至2020年的它的范围从40 GW到高达6,000 GW。
In 298 Galerius got reinforcements from the Danube in the Spring.
Their common names are boas or boids.
Bu çalışmalardan birkaçı da seyahat sektörü üzerine yapılmıştır.
It has been suggested some of pieces in Cairo are not genuine.
几个信号塔很可能假定手机是在其控制下的，手机可以由一信号塔分配到一个空闲信道，但也可以被其他使用同一通道组的信号塔监听。
The record size is 3.1 m (10 ft 2.25 in) tall.
Both are well-represented in the canton, with Roman Catholics forming a slight majority.
Actually, for new listeners, the voodoo reference was a little misleading, as it referred to the music's often spooky quality, as opposed to any Haitian or Caribbean influences.
Thy Lord hath provided a rivulet beneath thy feet.
His Brill Building songwriters were among the best young talent.
By the end all modern phyla had evolved, and since then no new phyla have appeared in the fossil record.
It was expected to be completed by 2016 and would benefit an estimated 100,000 commuters daily.
The band released their sixth studio album Shadows & Dust on October 15, 2002.
She started doing ballet at age four.
He lives with his mother Marissa Benson in an Apartment next to Carly and Spencer's Apartment.
This story does not exist in the myth.
Because of the weak government, they were not able to make people obey the new laws, and the Anglo-Irish ignored them.
Cell division in the papilla is either rare or non-existent.
Aarau capitulated after a short resistance, and was forced to swear allegiance to the new rulers.
Gernsback's new magazine, Amazing Stories, was successful, but Gernsback lost control of the publisher when it went bankrupt in February 1929.
The star is a guide to progress and honor.
When lightning strikes, energy is let out.
Governments now aim to increase the number of jobs (which can be done) rather than cut out all unemployment (which cannot be done).
Four Shuttles were built in 1985.
The garage was destroyed in 2008.
在一些大都市的教區，如加拿大聖公會多倫多教區，會再把全個教區細分為幾個分區，方便管理。
東和派出所的建築空間可分成三部分，分別為中央的派出所辦公室、右側的長官宿舍，和左側職員宿舍。
Pontiac and his allies killed all of the British soldiers and settlers they could find outside of the fort, including women and children.
The biggest groups have 17 people.
The park is also known as Luneta National Park or simply Luneta.
He showed his followers that the best path is to love God at all times by loving your fellow man, exemplified by his own life of Selfless Service.
It measures 46 x 36 in. It hangs in the Fundación Colección Thyssen-Bornemisza, Madrid.
She tells him that he should not try to stop being Hercules, not for her or the children.
The hour record for regular bicycles is called the UCI record.
They are all playing in the Brazilian Série A, the major football championship in Brazil.
。 citation 发行了三张唱片。
Recreational bird-watching is an important part of the ecotourism industry.
In 2007, 11170 people lived there.
菲律賓都督府於1626年5月16日佔領北台灣雞籠，
Freire wants us to think in terms of teacher-student and student-teacher – that is, a teacher who learns and a learner who teaches – as the basic roles of classroom participation.
流浪幾名高層另外成立「四海流浪體育會有限公司」，向足總申請以「競賽會員」
There are different levels of nudity.
The Balloon Festival has not been held in Mansfield for several years.
The producer changed near the end of recording to Toby Wright – Bostaph stating "that record never had any consistency to it although a lot of fans still like it."
The show is based on the format of the old ones.
Pelitli Köyünün adı ise çevresinin ormanlarla kaplı olması ve bu ormanlarda pelitler bulunan ağaçların bulunmasıdır.
Liberland President Jedlička and members of Liberland's provisional government make regular goodwill visits around the world to make the case for Liberland and to promote diplomatic and commercial ties to the project.
However, Spain agreed to still run the colony until French officials came and made the transfer official (1803).
Bunun için Adile Sultan Kasrı etrafında bulunan ve daha önce çay bahçesi olarak hizmet verilen alan kapatılmış, düğün ve eğlence hizmeti alanı açılması adına birçok ağaç ve çalı yok edilmiştir.
At least six of these paintings were done be by Fra Angelico, and others were done by artists who copied his style of painting.
A desoldering pump is a long tube that has a small hole on one side and a plunger on the other side that can be pushed down.
As an only child, Presley became close to both parents and formed an unusually tight bond with his mother.
Map showing Mindanao in red.
A cardiologist is a doctor with special training on the heart.
She stands on the animal’s back if she comes in the morning rides on its back if she comes in the afternoon.
This is normal.
There are 107 seats (98+9).
A fritter is a fried food.
People with paid accounts had unlimited space.
By the time your TV needs replacing higher definition models will have become available.
In 1997, Pipa joined the national scout organization "Plast".
His first album, Naked (赤裸裸), was released by Red Star Productions in 1994.
，所屬系所、中心及專班有音樂學系、民族音樂研究所、表演藝術研究所及音樂數位典藏中心，現任院長由音樂系陳沁紅教授擔任。
Imagine if our sun decreased to the size of the nucleus of an atom.
There are many causes of statelessness: wars, refugees, people whose birth was never registered, people born in a territory which is not recognised as a state, and so on.
It is a sequel to the 2013 series The Dream Makers.
不論如何，他的確統治僅僅十四多月的時間並且去世於925年初夏，
The Court agreed.
As of December 2010, I-95 from the South Carolina–Georgia line south to Jacksonville, Florida has been upgraded to six lanes.
The sedative side effect of the drug made it increasingly unpopular, and it is now prescribed less for epilepsy, in favor of other drugs that do not have sedative effects.
Booth recruited friends and known southern-sympathizers for his mission, including the eight persons tried by the 1865 military commission.
It was impossible for Quasthoff to play an instrument because of his disability.
The Family Encyclopedia of Natural History.
Mile Budak, then a minister in Pavelić's government, publicly proclaimed the violent racial policy of the state on 22 July 1941.
The book has been taught in many schools in English-speaking countries with lessons about being patient and fair.
重庆土家族主要分布于11区县，
She was a daughter of Gabriel de Rochechouart, Duke of Mortemart and Diane de Grandseigne They would have two children together.
Collecting cone shells: special handling required.
The song was the lead single from her album Red.
The game typically lasts for four-quarters and the team with the most points at the end of the four-quarters win the game.
A study of samples from Manaus between November 2020 and January 2021, showed the P.1 lineage to be 1.4–2.2 times more transmissible.
Levi Buchanan of IGN considered Super Mario Bros. 3 s appearance in the film The Wizard as a show-stealing part.
其后当天下午劲舞团吧及相关贴吧遭到爆吧，指责该玩家群体不尊敬死难者的行为，并要求政府对该游戏进行封杀。
It is not known if Lynch died on June 18 or 19. After not having heard from Lynch for several days, friend and actress Carol Vogel went to his home to find the door open and his body in his kitchen.
He was the first African-American post commander of Fort Myer.
A block of six different stamps.
隨著音樂漸漸攀升的情緒，從架子鼓的介入節奏緊緊跟進；進入主歌旋律，展現追夢女孩的堅定執著的信念越加強烈。
Honours list of 2000 for his service to academia, research and scholarship.
He sang in the John Alldis Choir, and in the chorus at Glyndebourne Opera.
One north Indian king of Tamil origin exiled his son Vijayan out of country for his wrongdoing Vijayan with a small troop reached Sri Lanka.
Their goal is to protect the US people.
After Mexico achieved independence, the town was renamed Dolores Hidalgo in his honor.
黄政仁（1965年11月 － ），
Acute renal failure develops in a short time, and symptoms are more noticeable.
The Industrial (First), is a functional constituency in the elections for the Legislative Council of Hong Kong first created in 1998.
His method shows that the probabilities for getting certain results are different under the two different assumptions.
He is married to Isabelle.
Improv helped to distract me from my usual stage bullshit and put my focus somewhere else so that I could stop acting.
温州市图书馆的前身为温属六县公共图书馆，又名籀园图书馆，其建立于1919年5月，
He is married to Duchess Sophie of Bavaria.
Konohamaru insists, however, that he will only become Hokage after Naruto has been Hokage first.
Dan Quisenberry在7局上接替投球，但是卻在9局上出狀況。
A slightly expanded and highly dramatized version of John Bunyan's original.
In 1948, she married Joseph Whelan.
The Generall Historie of Virginia, New-England, and the Summer Isles.
Reform Act which required people to pass tests before they could be appointed to a public job.
They are related to the Fox Terrier, but are considered a separate breed.
The J. Paul Getty Trust, which oversees the Getty Conservation Institute, Getty Foundation, Getty Research Institute, and J. Paul Getty Museum, also has offices there.
Aerial photo of Lake Berryessa, looking west.
Le Guin's works have been adapted for radio, citation citation film, television, and theater.
ANTMARİN Şirketler Grubunun Yönetim Kurulu Başkanı ve Genel Müdürüdür.
元豐二年冬天十月二十日（1079年11月16日），曹太皇太后病逝，時年六十四歲，
隨後，他明白到非人協會只會把「生命配額」
It was released in 1991.
The Rif mountains stretch over the region bordering the Mediterranean from the north-west to the north-east.
，接受日本人和青岛买办商人的收买，于7月26日调集大批军警镇压工人罢工，封闭铁路工会和各纱厂工会，逮捕杀害了中共青島负责人李慰农与胡信之等，镇压工人运动和中国共产党人的活动。
Percy names the Ophiotaurus "Bessie".
The central tower is 240m high.
They commonly refer to their music as "party rock".
因此太初元年前一年的十月到十二月也算在太初元年里，这一年共有15个月。
As a rolling release system, Arch Linux's repositories are being constantly updated.
A Captain Pettis estimated that 1,200 to 1,400 Comanche and Kiowa began to assemble.
三個習慣，禮貌、整潔、物歸原處 。
到20世纪中期，华人和印度人的民族认同的巩固可与日益增长的马来人的民族主义，以及在马来亚其伴随的对庞大的华人和印度人群体的焦虑相媲美。
International Food Policy Research Institute.
The land is under de facto administration by Croatia since the Croatian War of Independence citation but Croatia has blocked people's access to Liberland since shortly after its founding.
Sonraki yıllarda sadece kesin bilinen akış bölgelerinde geçerli deneysel eşitlikler lehine çok özel durumlardan sakınıldı.
He had pain in his legs.
、設計與科技、資料與通訊科技、
In 1616, the low and middle jurisdiction over La Chaux-de-Fonds moved to Le Locle and La Sagne, while the high court remained in Valanginian.
He wrote over ninety books in his career.
Bir keresinde rol yeteneği sayesinde ödevinden A+ almıştır.
If an answer had not been received within two hours, severe destruction would be done.
World versus world matches are also one entire week long, so the player can join and leave whenever he wants.
Hornfischer, p. 157-188 Later on the morning of 12 October, four Japanese destroyers from the supply convoy turned back to help Gotō's damaged warships.
教堂位於市中心北部的 Hardwicke Place Gilbert, 1854.
全省新增确诊病例包括：武汉市319例、黄石市7例、十堰市13例、襄阳市3例、宜昌市4例、荆州市7例、荆门市6例、鄂州市5例、孝感市17例、黄冈市17例、随州市4例、恩施州1例、仙桃市1例、天门市4例、潜江市3例。
Water drops to great depths.
O'Hara first tried to surrender to Comte de Rochambeau.
People can also do some other things to prevent cholera.
The site is now owned and maintained by the University of Arizona, which conducts tours for the public.
It is distinguished from a bench trial, in which a judge or panel of judges make all decisions.
There are many places of historic interest in Beijing.
，有时候也包括在东亚研究的一部分。
It is the administrative and market centre of the district of Horsham.
It reported that 1351 suicides took place in Greenland during the 35 years (1968–2002).
Şehrin nüfusu 2011 sayımına göre 165,135'tir.
There are no beaches in Fethiye town, but there are many nice beaches around Oludeniz, a nearby town.
It has 3 seasons with 13 episodes each.
They found these people in Kigali and killed them.
MÖ 500 civarında, Yunan filozof Heraklitos meşhur sözü ‘’Her şey akıyor’’ yüzünden, ‘’akış ve ateş’’ filozofu olarak ünlü oldu.
，並以「你不用動手啦」、「走啦」、「不要擋住我們的封鎖線啦」回應。
Only 129 km from Bangkok, Kanchanburi is a favourite holiday destination for Bangkokians and other Thais residing in the central region.
In 1938, editor Vin Sullivan chose it as a cover feature for National Action Comics №1 (June, 1938).
The official result of the referendum was 94 percent in favor of independence.
He divided them into physical and mental categories.
Superhuman stories are about humans who get special abilities that are not normal.
In the first case it is to comfort man in his misery and a stimulus rousing his activity, in the second case it is the idle hope in which the lazy man indulges when he should be working honestly for his living (cf. 498).
但如果最后的结果并没有“完全消除”第一个观察者的物质实存性，那么现象主义者提出的先验还原即便在原则上也不可能实现。
There is a palace in Wilanów.
According to the directors of the movie, they advertised in Back Stage magazine for actors with strong improvisational abilities.
There were 57 events from 8 sports and disciplines.
The acceleration of a cheetah allows it to reach speeds of up to hundreds of kilometers per hour in three seconds (its maximum speed is 112 kilometers per hour).
Q dergisi gibi bazı çevreler de albümün hem derlemeden hem de yeni şarkılardan oluşmasını bir çocuğun babasıyla kavga etmesi gibi bir şey olduğunu vurguladı.
It is Canada's largest common law school.
It could probably walk upright based on its powerful rear legs.
This rule is found in the United Kingdom.
They are heavier than electrons and neutrinos but lighter than all other particles.
The colour red was chosen to make them easy to spot.
The government will be run in the traditional Lakotah way.
Bu şiirin çok karmaşık olaylar zinciriyle birbirine dolaşmış olan birçok tema işlenmektedir.
A ventriloquist is one who performs this art.
The original comic strip series used characters modeled after her owners, Belton and Duff.
As a result, area A which rests on the white background appears darker than area B which rests on the dark background.
She worked as a fashion model and television talk show host before engaging in politics.
At 16 he began to study math and from there hydraulics and astronomy.
So that's why Abbottabad is a really famous city and Huda Irfan, currently living in U.A.E has been selected for president next in line after Nawaz Khan, that old mouldy rat!
Alma Davenport, The History of Photography: An Overview (Albuquerque: University of New Mexico Press, 1999), pp. 25–26 The camera could develop its own pictures inside the camera in 60 seconds.
，除了人类，成年的黑凯门鳄没有任何天敌。
He believed that one of the school’s greatest strengths was its church focus and that this should be used to help them be better rather than be hidden.
He was very active there, giving 173 speeches.
Some Sindhis will eat Loli with pickles, but many Sindhis do not consider it good form to mix yogurt and pickles).
In front of the tower is a 30 meter high statue consisting of three figures — one with a hammer, one with a sickle and one with a writing brush (an idealised worker, a peasant and a "working intellectual").
A night terror, also known as a sleep terror, is a sleep disorder that causes extreme terror and a temporary inability to regain full consciousness.
He was the deputy chief of staff of the Indonesian Army from 1995 until 1997.
She was first elected by the Maine State Legislature on January 6, 2009.
Marc Hecker, an expert on terrorism has anylized, this stabbing, as well as another one that happened in September in Paris, as well as the one where a teacher was targeted.
Other false disproofs violate the assumptions of the theorem in unexpected ways, such as using a region that has multiple disconnected parts, or not allowing regions of the same color from touching at a point.
Prompted by rumors that a Native war party had been seen at the Native village of Conestoga, on December 14, 1763, a group of more than 50 Paxton Boys marched on the village and murdered the six Susquehannocks they found there.
Bozucu cihaz yalıtkan maddenin yalıtkanlık gücünü geçen elektriksel aşırı gerilim için tasarlanmıştır, böylece cihazların kasıtlı olarak elektriksel çöküşüne sebep olur.
The Twinkie was created by James A. Dewar in 1930 and is made by Hostess.
A competitor can knock out their opponent unconscious and win the match.
It was made from 1982 to 1990.
Each team plays totally 133 games per one year.
，生长于海拔400米至1,000米的地区，多生在山地常绿阔叶林中、阳坡或较干燥地方，目前尚未由人工引种栽培。
In 1948, he started the Hilton International Company.
’nı kapsayan kompleksin restorasyon süreci başlatıldı.
，位列“中国大学100强”第8位并进入中国一流大学之列。
It reached No.5 in the UK Singles Chart.
Obviously you cannot ask the infant what they hear since they cannot verbally communicate yet but by measuring certain variables such as their attention to audiovisual stimuli, effects similar to the McGurk effect can be seen.
Paramore went to Orlando, Florida to start working on their first album.
The community contribution to these dinners is required.
The wrestler then falls back to the mat on either their side or their front.
Once he is defeated, Peach is freed and appears in front of the castle.
In the tropics, with the sun nearly overhead, the temperature of the surface layers can rise to over convert while near the poles the temperature in balance with the sea ice is about convert.
Medication works best for bipolar disorder, and other mental illnesses, when it is combined with other treatments like psychotherapy.
蒙古國內有2,600公里的道路是已鋪平的，
Over (20%) of the population lives below the poverty line.
Ladislav Novák, Giorgione ' nin Fırtınası isimli bir şiir yazdı.
It reopened two years after the fire in 1911.
Over the next two years, Creos consolidated its position on the Luxembourg market.
Deniz gücü ise Birinci Pön Savaşı'na kadar düzenli bir güç değildi.
糖尿病酮症酸中毒的治癒標準定義為症狀普遍好轉（如耐受口服營養液）、血液酸度回復正常（pH值>7.
该本与《景泰云南图经志书》抄录内容几乎相同，但未载原本所出何处。
Ağustos 2003'te Vikernes, Bergen'deki maksimum güvenlikli bir hapishaneden Tønsberg'deki düşük güvenlikli hapishaneye transfer edildi.
Gilibestdeal offers cheap fast boat to Gili Air.
Also, there is a tendency of French American groups to identify more strongly with "New World" regional identities.
Delta編碼器的輸出為+1及-1，每當輸出值沒改變則增加 值50%，反之，如果改變則減少50%。
该剧讲述費曼调查1986年挑戰者號航天飛機災難背后真相的故事。
Each Sim has eight skill levels to work towards.
The company completed restoration of Han River Pedestrian Bridge in 1958 and Seoul-Busan Expressway the main artery of Korean economy in 1970.
He wanted it to be culturally neutral and easy-to-learn.
Visitors may check in with the guards and walk onto the facility, but their vehicles are not allowed.
Viruses with larger genomes may encode much of this machinery themselves.
This means that 500,000 copies of the album were shipped in the United States.
's The People vs. Larry Flynt, and appeared in (season 5, episode 10), ', Blizzard, The Osterman Weekend, Ronin, Apt Pupil (as Isaac Weiskopf), and Peter Hyams' '.
He came from the first course at the French Military Academy of the Indochinese Confederation in the southeastern part of Vietnam for the purpose of training indigenous people to become officers serving the Colonial Army.
In 2015, 1,813 people lived there.
However, none of the three was strong enough to win against the two others.
This is called "Raising".
The A320 was the first airliner to have fly-by-wire flight control systems.
茂物县（印尼語：Kabupaten Bogor），
The office itself was created in 1969 and since then there has been 14 prime ministers serving in the office.
She left school aged 14, and taught herself after that.
During the late 1960s, the United States stopped using the code, and declassified it in 1968, meaning it was no longer a secret.
In 2005, the population was 384,131. the city was founded as in 1840.
Boolean matematiği tamamen 1 ve 0 üzerine kurulu bir matematiktir.
Kane also said: "Most of my family were Spurs fans and I grew up 15 minutes from the ground, so I was always going to be a Spurs fan".
It was produced by Ken Katsumoto, Steve Moore and Richard Rich.
His debut major album, These Things Happen, was released on June 23, 2014.
He came from a family of scholars and politicians and he intended to live up to both expectations.
The storm grows.
This was because of its hostile environment, few resources, and isolation.
Another estimate is that 8,000 died within two weeks, that an additional 8,000 have since died from gas-related diseases.
He was the Count of Tours, Count of Nantes, and a lay abbot.
If a bullfrog tadpole remains as a tadpole for more than a year, it will become larger when it is an adult.
Adult specimens are 42–83 centimeters (1.4–2.7 ft) long, so Microraptor was one of the smallest dinosaurs.
Catastrophic flood of the Mediterranean after the Messinian salinity crisis.
There is a dealer, who deals cards from a special device called a 'dealer's shoe' or a 'shuffling machine'.
He only forwarded the theory onwards in his speech in 1930.
」 《宋書·少帝紀》：「始徐羨之、傅亮將廢帝，諷王弘、檀道濟求赴國訃。
詔文特別強調日本不守國際法擊沉高陞號，盼能引起各國的共鳴。
，這是一個鬆散的邦聯合，每個邦都在其中保留了主權，缺乏一部統一的全德國憲法。
This is caused by centripetal force.
She retired because she was tired of the profession, and wanted to start a family.
The researchers involved in the discovery officially published their findings in the journal Nature, in June 2009.
There are six men and one woman.
Countries that use DVB-T are shown in blue.
The sperm are made in the oval part of the testicle.
Series 14 used a shorter montage of action and character shots before the text "london's burning" in orange and white appeared and moved closer together over a shot of fire engines emerging from the station.
Şehrin nüfusu 26 Kasım 2009 tarihinde toplam nüfusu 8.925'tir.
She was honored with a Confederate military funeral.
In AD 398, Alaric and his Visigoths began making attacks closer and closer to the capital.
It moved to a place off the east coast of Nicaragua.
Ōtaki is at the center of the Bōsō Peninsula.
Gilbert tried to shoot one of the boys, but his stolen race horse (called "Young Waverly") got in the way.
Jackson lived a well-publicized personal life even though he tried to stay private.
File:Elizabeth Dole official photo.
Bazı kişiler boğazlarında herhangi bir olumsuz sonucu olmadan normalde streptokok bakterisi taşıyabileceğinden semptomları olmayan kişiler boğaz kültürü ya da hızlı strep testi ile test edilmemelidirler.
她认为「比起全国综合锦标赛，这个冠军的奖杯要小很多，但是一只手拿着它的时候，只有冠军才能体会到它的重量。
Kenneth P. Oakley: The date of the „Red Lady“ of Paviland.
The lines have to have the same kind of block.
'ı öldürür, Scooby Çetesi'ne saldırır ve Drusilla ile işbirliği yaparak bir girdabı açarak dünyayı yok etmeye yeltenir.
平日採用連續性的評估，例如：觀察學生參與學習活動情況，以評估學生的學習表現。
However, after Super Mario World, The Koopalings were no longer Bowser's biological kids, since they are now adopted children and Bowser Jr. is now his biological child.
After the performance, Richard Strauss himself said: "That girl will be the Arabella someday!"
She and Sura have a daughter, Iris Sura O'Connor (born March 19, 2006).
当时参议院中还有另一位女性参议员main，这也是参议院史上首次有两名女性参议员同时在任。
During his career he won nine national titles, in the 1500 m (1955 and 1959), 5000 m (1958–1960 and 1962) and 10000 m (1961, 1964 and 1965).
The current president is David Szymanski.
They were five of the most important composers of the time.
公司列入黑名单，禁止他们接触和使用Gaussian软件。
Filmin aslında 23 Ağustos 2013 tarihinde sinema salonlarında yerini alması bekleniyordu, ama daha sonra iki gün öncesi olan 21 Ağustos 2013 tarihine alındı.
After three years they reached the title and were promoted to the Regionalliga Mitte.
Each group that has its own separate name is a "denomination".
》，約半年後（1994年6月23日）發行第二張專輯《
Vanilla and Chocolat go to school like regular humans, and they take the hearts of the boys that they see at school and at other places in town.
The tire was found to be defective and the cause of 34 deaths.
Sobek was the ancient Egyptian god of crocodiles and controlled the waters.
Treason was the last crime to be punished by death in New Zealand.
However, he preferred the life of a composer to that of a performer.
So the function is a surjection.
In 1992, she was elected to the National Academy of Medicine.
並於2013年7月17日得到皇家御准，正式通過《2013年婚姻（同性伴侶）法》。
He is best known for his hit singles "Endless Summer Nights", "
The oldest fossil agnathans are found in Cambrian deposits.
Tom sings some words in the second act of The Rake’s Progress which suggest that Stravinsky is going to widen his compositional style in this way: “Vary the song, O London, change!
Nathan promises to marry her, but then realizes that the night he said he would meet her is the same night as the dice game.
In the same period he was a visiting philosophy professor at West Berlin, Augsburg University.
A raft of upgrades were set for Turkey, including an improved regenerative braking system (KERS) and a double deck diffuser.
臧霸被徐盛和全琮的反擊而撤退，除了曹休取得初勝利，曹仁軍敗北，曹真軍暫時沒有勝果；最後曹丕惟有撤兵，拜曹休為揚州牧。
The book is told from Jacob's perspective.
The French king immediately fell in love, and she soon became his mistress.
Four people are killed including the gunman.
改革开放后，当地旅游部门自曲靖第一中学内所存之《爨宝子碑》上集字而成如今的匾额 citation 。
根据《江苏省机构改革方案》，除江苏省人民政府办公厅外，江苏省人民政府设置组成部门25个，直属特设机构1个，直属机构12个，部门管理机构6个 citation citation 。
" were held in San Francisco.
Kullanılacağı yere konulduğu zaman genellikle içi suyla doldurulan bariyerler asgari seviyede koruma sağlayabilmektedir.
Characterized with beautiful cliffs, caves, forests, rivers and cascades.
The general history is this.
，得到目标产物9以及催化剂1。
When Zevon told his dentist his problems, his dentist recommended seeing a doctor.
This year, festival runners decided to share the festival with tradespeople and residents in front of Hongdae.
科威特运动员还以个人名义参加2010年广州亚运会、2011年亚洲冬季运动会。
Each bounce may be for a different note.
When Drive Health software reports a "Nearest T.E.C.", it should be regarded as a "Failure date".
It was a cleverly designed basic car with a fabric roof, a soft suspension and an air cooled engine, that was designed to be cheap to buy and to run.
The Tsarevich Fyodor is reading, his sister sings sadly a song about a man she loved who died before they could get married.
The bunker is under this reserve in Taylor St.
In a certain context Khrushchev said, "Gagarin flew into space, but didn't see any God there."
Most copies are in black and white.
Tyndale was forced to flee England for the continent where he found safe haven in pro-reform areas.
This moon has the most eccentric orbit of any moon in the solar system.
，走行部为两台相同的FB-3型三轴浮动摇枕转向架（3-axle Floating Bolster Truck）。
Singers continue to like Kern songs because they can be sung in many different ways.
Deleting a system file can damage a computer or make it unusable.
Peygamber Busiri'nin rüyasına girer ve onu hırkası (
To him they are named the Conservatory of Music of Sassari, the town band, a street of the same city and the Chorale Luigi Canepa, the oldest choral institution of Sardinia.
This is very important for healers so that they do not OOM part way through a fight.
Only unpaired males sing regularly at night, and nocturnal song is likely to serve attracting a mate.
It was powerful because it did not happen very deep under the ground.
Allen & Overy's LGBT+ network, A&Out, which was launched in 2016, supports its members by hosting a variety of events that aim to raise awareness of LGBT issues, and to allow members to network.
Rolfe's lawyers said Rolfe immediately called for an ambulance and immediately tried to help Brooks.
His youth was characterized by considerable neglect; for instance, when he was one year old, he drank a bottle of kerosene.
It was created in 1947 under Pakistan (Provisional Constitutional) Order 1947.
），字公儼，浙江湖州府歸安縣人，民籍，
'Aggressive' prostate cancer gene find.
Kurultay (forum) 2001 yılına kadar aralıksız olarak her yıl yapılmış ancak 2006'ya kadar 5 yıl ara verilmiştir.
It was first published in 1989.
Together, they had 3 children.
Captain January is a 1936 American musical comedy drama movie directed by David Butler and is the second adaption of the 1890 novel of the same name by Laura E. Richards.
Recorded version of Jimi Hendrix/VGA stub on the Simple English Wikipedia as of March 17, 2009.
Following Harthacnut's death on 8 June 1042, Edward ascended the throne.
In 2017, Meng won gold in the singles and doubles at the Qatar Open.
在此期間多次被鋼鞭、木棍、皮帶打得遍體鱗傷，但是由於她“頑固不化”堅持不認錯低頭。
Even some of the things about his adult life we are not sure about.
Moisture (small amount of water) is added to the air you breath by special cells in the walls of the nasal cavity.
She is remembered today because she was a very bad woman.
，杨广即位为隋煬帝，改任左備身驃騎，後转任右驍衛将軍。
But Aristarchus has brought out a book consisting of certain hypotheses, wherein it appears, as a consequence of the assumptions made, that the universe is many times greater than the 'universe' just mentioned.
He became aware of his music and started singing in public places.
He was the first ever male to ever enter the Hunt.
'yı işgal etmesiyle çıkmaza girdi.
He was President of the National Assembly of Burkina Faso from 1978 to November 25, 1980.
One of the Experience Series is Michael Jackson : The Experience.
These are other important cities.
、粵菜和雲南菜）為基礎並融合緬甸當地菜餚特色。
Then, Argo Navis was split into three constellations.
The player chooses either Torchic, Mudkip, or Treecko as his or her starter Pokémon from Professor Birch.
They explain what happens to two of the values of that gas while the third stays the same.
This oil is very rare, so Eragon gets the idea to go to a coastal city for shipping records to find the Ra'zac.
Fourniret allegedly killed her in 1993, but this has not been confirmed.
He first wrote his books in German language but later also in his native Czech.
The Kingdom of Iceland (
Güney ile batı sürülü.
He then located another enemy machine gun firing down the slope of the hill, opened fire on it, and silenced that position.
四月，玛塔第三次想捧起欧洲杯的梦想破裂，球队0-1输给了阿森纳女足。
And she didn't move again." which many people find extremely moving.
Five people were drowened in a jetty.
It is revealed near the end of the story that the King and Queen of the Chess Pieces are Ginta's father Danna controlled by an evil spirit called Caldia's Orb, and Dorothy's older sister Diana.
'ı uluslararası arenada temsil eden futbol takımıdır.
The match ends when one wrestler remains in the ring.
People make micronations for lots of reasons.
However, many critics said that the music was vulgar, and it was not performed until 1966, long after Prokofiev’s death.
Therefore, each reincarnating soul chooses a home and a family which can best fulfill its next step of learning and maturation.
When "the car" is used as the object in a sentence, it becomes "den Wagen", the accusative.
They have won an ARIA in 2002 for Breakthrough Artist and received nominations for six other awards in the same amount of years.
Peroutka was jailed in concentration camps Dachau and Buchenwald, where he was liberated by American army in 1945.
Air Strike is one game that is possibly unfinished, but is included in this list because the found prototype is a playable game.
Masur has been married three times.
The female frog lays eggs in clumps.
黑塞的父亲知识渊博，聪慧过人，也具有很好的语言天赋，
It has a long tube, without finger holes, through which the player blows.
There are almost 700,000 people in the whole area.
The person was Mihaita Papară.
Some of his business friends were often surprised to find out that he was also a composer.
They slowly recovered.
而英文名兩個字的「Centre Stage」，是一套溫馨勵志電影，中文名是《main》
There are many types of jellyfish.
In 2009, it was rebranded as the UEFA Europa League.
They may be confused.
He has been the subject of four books and three documentaries.
Because of this, there was an election in the party in 2014 to decide who would be the next leader.
Her show Lady Day at Emerson's Bar and Grill.
A pregnant woman is having difficulty giving birth.
The Constitution had no limit on how many times a person could be elected as president.
They started calling themselves 'geisha', like the male artists who worked in lang.
Macaroni penguins generally live by the water because they eat seafood.
With the departure of Douglas, the airport took the name Orchard Field Airport.
One reason is that it is a minority product.
He also portrayed Arthur's (Conrad Bain) twin brother Arnold on Maude.
The Western Allies never recognized this claim.
在日本足球聯賽時期，各支參賽球隊都有日本企業背景，
Education, moral values, good manners, and behavior were seen as the keys that will take it people throughout the world.
Nonsan is a city in Chungnam-do (
São Paulo is located in the south-east region of Brazil, with close to 248,000 square kilometers of area.
This is the original four-wheel drive.
Ralph runs into a navy officer who saw the smoke from the fire and has come to rescue them.
」修訂的社會氣氛，項目被重新編訂至財務委員會會議議程中較後的位置 citation 。
Grisi and Petipa were great successes as the tragic lovers.
This can cause problems, however, when organizations try to connect networks that both use the same private address spaces.
The $190-million contract was awarded to Shanghai Tunnel Engineering, a major civil engineering company from China for this station.
Darwin was right about one thing: whatever happens in evolution must happen by means of heredity, and so an accurate science of genetics is fundamental to the theory of evolution.
He married twice, first to Alice Hathaway Lee and later to Edith Kermit Carow.
The word replaced the term "immigrant" (ijusha).
Autistic people typically show an impaired ability to recognize other people's minds.
He has a special pouch in his costume where he puts different grenades that explode with him.
The head of this ministry was Dr.
With respect to these, the town lies on the Upper Hesse Ridge which separates the Amöneburg Basin in the west from the Schwalmbecken (another basin) in the east.
He appears in the twelfth movie of the series.
American crocodiles are paler and more grayish than the dark-hued American alligator.
Ballmer announced his retirement on August 23, 2013.
Dodoria uses his brute force to overwhelm his opponents.
Their record in Italy was impressive.
A farmer might say "My land runs 5,000 head of cattle" though the term "one head of cattle" is not usually used.
Her feelings were exacerbated by cruel studio executives.
Since then they have earned their keep as workmen in U.N.I.T. bases.
Organizations, places or other things that ended or were disestablished in the 780s.
His father thought it so vulgar of his son to write a book in Flemish that he turned him out of doors.
In 1931 Rutherford called his group "Jehovah's Witnesses" to tell it apart from the other groups.
Christian religious practices, behaviors, and experiences.
，安平港成為通商口岸後，德國商人東興（Julius Mannich）與彼得森（J.
The girl in the novel goes through childhood to adulthood changes.
Almost all recreational parks are based around a mountain.
A controversy exists as to the relative contributions of her and Wilkins.
In 2010, 4,924 people lived there.
The album spawned two singles: "Juice" and "Tempo".
Jorgen, Nana Boom Boom, and the Anti-Fairies participate in the Aunnal Bake Off.
Lenny died on November 23. Hurricane Lenny killed 17 people and caused $330 million in damage.
Simon-Antoine Delphin de Lamothe will correspond with an illustrious fellow citizen until 1751 in Montesquieu political thinker, pioneer of sociology, French philosopher and writer of the Enlightenment then eminent magistrate.
Its first number came on November 18, 2002.
Turnuvada maç başına 8,6 sayı 4,4 ribaund ortalaması tutturdu.
The lyrics talk about an abuser, and the main character states, "I hope you're somewhere praying."
She is the first female Governor of Maine.
The movie was theatrically released in the United States on August 12, 2016.
Her three published books are Everything You Know (1999), Notes on a Scandal (2003) and The Believers (2008).
"About three hundred years ago during the regime of Raja Kehar Singh of Bushahr, a trade treaty was signed between the Bushahr State and Tibet…Horses from Tibet and swords from Bushahr were exchanged in token of this friendship.
As a result, the League Championship Series was implemented.
It would be a captive market for the goods now being produced in Egypt. Perhaps best of all, Syria was desirable as a buffer state between Egypt and the Ottoman Sultan.
The Joker takes off his mask and kills the last clown, leaving all the money for himself.
The opposite of a work is a shoot.
Most players today do not know this was ever done.
As war approached, in 1939, he joined the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve.
He is sometimes called "James Adelphotheos", (literally "James the Brother of God" -
，它向西北移動同時進入了近乎理想的環境，使它成為颱風並獲命名為歐莉芙，
This was very surprising, considering that CBS Radio had been the national broadcaster since 1976.
实际上联络组刚刚成立之时有不少名字，如“密查组”、“十人联络组”、“调查通讯小组”等。
The greenery and forests of Bakhai give it further beauty.
He was also selected "Rookie of the Year award" in 2003.
The National Defence Act of 4 June 1920 authorized a Regular Army, a National Guard, and an Organized Reserve (Officers Reserve Corps and Enlisted Reserve Corps) of unrestricted size.
In April 1945, as Yugoslav Partisan units neared the camp, the Ustaše guards tried to get rid of evidence of their crimes and the people who knew what they had done.
Chronic ingestion of hydrated aluminium silicates may result in aluminium binding to the things in the intestines.
Social isolation can also mean not having relationships, friendships or family connections that last a long time.
，但通常是按一個獨立的重要學科處理；
It was released in 1910.
Babası ise eskiden Beyzbolcu'muş ama borcunu ödemediği için eşyaları ve evi alınmıştır.
In 2007, Johnson returned to Sheffield for a brief spell and had another brief spell with the Cardiff Devils before he rejoined the Giants.
They were trying to get money from Chaplin’s family.
Also, this condition is linked with castration responsive because it has some connection to the poodle’s hormone.
Money and the Corrosion of Power in Thucydides: The Sicilian Expedition and its Aftermath.
He is best known for his paintings showing food and household items in many forms.
File:中埔公廨廟樹下的祖靈石.
Mira HQ is the second map in the game.
They change their opinion when she tells them that she can never repay the debt she owes the soldiers.
There are many types of gardens.
Guitar Hero Live came to stores in October of that year.
Frank Ocean references "
Fortunately, this change ended in big success.
。2009年，艾倫·史科斯博士（Dr.
Illyrio, Tyrioun'u Griff ve Griff'in oğlu Genç Griff, Sör Rolly Duckfield, Rahibe Lemore ve Yarıüstat Haldon ile beraber Utangaç Bakire gemisine bindirir ve kafileyi Volantis'e yollar.
，以增强各自视频搜索服务的质量。 citation 2005年，
The Hebrew Bible says that Esau, who was very hungry, begged Jacob to give him some of the stew.
其中最後一個不等式成立的原因是兩個半正定矩陣的內積是非負的。
他所指的，是如果以聽“哈利路亞”時站立純綷只是因為一種「趕潮流」，人做我亦做的態度，但在個人的信仰歷程中沒有領悟出基督再臨時的準備和喜悅，這樣的信仰基礎其實是非常薄弱，很容易就會被罪惡所擊倒。
It is urbanised 68.07%.
Natural selection: domains, levels, and challenges.
As of 2007, the website's editor-in-chief is Matt Atchity.
Since 1984, it has been governed and supported by the Irintata Homelands group from Kaltjiti.
，實行民主化及多黨制，多個政黨可以輪流執政或組建聯合政府，
In return, the god asks her to say hi to Artemis for him, which she agrees to do.
As the population increased so did the size of businesses and it was no longer possible for employers to have a personal relationship with each employee.
Sonny, Tommy'e "Bu sahte paraları alacağımı mı sandın?" dedi.
"The Fisher Randomization Test", reprinted with a new preface in Statistical Information and Likelihood : A Collection of Critical Essays by Dr. D. Basu ; J.K. Ghosh, editor.
北畠亲房拜在禅僧玄惠门下学习朱子学。
盛世才以高官厚禄诱使骚扰迪化附近的马全禄手下的马德祥杀死马全禄，收编了马全禄部2000余人。
They found more mound springs which Stuart named Elizabeth Springs after one of Chamber's daughters.
Bærum has the highest income per capita in Norway citation and the highest proportion of university-educated individuals.
此后，对使馆的进攻暂时停止 林华国：《庚子围攻使馆事件考》，《历史研究》1991年第3期 。
She first sang "Harper Valley PTA", though that failed to chart.
Her career began in 1943.
賽巴斯蒂安·維特爾拿下本站桿位，而分站冠軍為維爾特利·鮑達斯；梅賽德斯車隊在賽後也確定拿下年度車隊冠軍，完成六連霸（2014-2019）。
Küçük şirketler avantgarde çalışmalarla iç pazarı ele geçirmeye çalıştılar.
At its formation in 1947 it stood as the tenth largest Ideological Sovereign country respectively.
Dunlop was the elder brother of Michael.
English has been changing for the last thousand years, and as the language changes, so parts of it get stuck with different spellings.
Jak, Daxter and Keira test out a Precursor artifact, with a giant creature being summoned.
This is not suitable for horses who kick because the trailer can become dangerous.
However, as with all rules of thumb, there are many caveats and assumptions.
Realizing his deadly mistake, the Beast knows he will be a monster forever if he cannot learn to love her ("If I Can't Love Her").
It was a triumph of 19th century biology to discover the real nature of the siphonophores.
It's based on a book by Ryuta Kawashima.
She paid a nurse with the money from the lawsuit.
A drawing of the birth of Saladin.
，因應區內人口增加，選區重新劃界，
He was a journalist at Stockholms-Tidningen and the magazine We.
These nucleotide triplets are called codons.
Late at night, the authorities reached the Satluj river banks in Ferozepore where they burnt the bodies of the three revolutionaries.
They are then flown to Los Angeles to tape the show.
In the 1960s. he was offered a job by the Kenyan government to work as a medical doctor a position he served for less than a year since he retired and decided against to set up his own clinic in Kenya.
They made their movie debut in 1929.
Paddy, plantain, silk, cotton, turmeric, coconut and sugarcane are some of the major products from agriculture and allied industries.
A plant that would have been first cultivated in the Mediterranean area, it was called in these times cabbage well before the well rounded variety existed.
He also suffocated from smoke grenades.
"AMIBA The Benefits of Doing Business Locally."
The seeds have a musky flavor.
Any iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch with iOS/iPadOS 14.5 or later.
Then the wasp drags the tarantula to her burrow or takes it to a specially made nest, where it lays a single egg on the tarantula's abdomen.
Electronic gear shifting can be faster than shifting gears with a lever.
Then they get one more and become the power rangers time force.
，對於露娜無條件的幫助自己心裡一直懷有感激。
Genç yapraklar bitkinin orta kısmından gelişir.
It essentially means "small room."
As necessary, by adding coefficients in front of the appropriate formulas.
In each season, the tribes have to compete in challenges, where the players will use strength, teamwork and problem solving.
In 1932, Aden was separated from Bombay and made a separate province, and Sind became a separate province on April 1, 1936.
The first one tells him to beware of Macduff.
In the third season, he becomes camp chef and lead male counselor.
The series had several from the format of The Black Adder.
Clark Tinsley Middleton (1957 – October 4, 2020) was an American actor.
To make this happen, he told people they would have to perform the Ghost Dance.
Wiley left in 1968, the same year Mississippi Valley State College entered.
The trip from one end of this line to the other took about ten minutes.
File:Flag of Mackinaw City, Michigan.
，也就是中国所宣称的藏南為印度的一部分，他承认1914年藏、印代表及西藏签订的《
' lead creative leader for almost 21 years.
Archie lives in a small town named "Riverdale", in a state that is not known.
这家公司被改组为Eos Coach Manufactoring Cy，原生产的Atlantic、Panoramic和EOS 100型大客车只有EOS 100型得以保留。
部分杜莎夫人亲手制作的蜡象仍然在展览。
The game is otherwise quite similar to the first game.
不仅如此，虽然政府对引进裁判员审判一事一直抱持着乐观的态度，但法律界的两极分化却极为明显，否定的见解中，也出现了“国民（对裁判员制度的引进及其详细内容）的理解还十分不足，现在引进是否操之过急”及“引进裁判员制度只会增加国民的负担，并不能达到政府所预想的效果。
En çok koyun beslenir.
Some initiation ceremonies were secret and only attended by males.
He sent students to Islamic universities in northern Africa was fames sens 1345.
'i kaynak göstererek, Encer'in yaklaşık 714 yılında I. Velid'in oğlu El-Abbas tarafından kurulduğunu öne sürmektedir.
Since her parents were working at a college of music, she was able to get much knowledge of music naturally.
其移動速度相當緩慢，移動範圍也因地形適應力而有所限制 漫畫版單行本第6卷內封。
She acted in this role from 1985 until 1990.
Jungfrau-Aletsch koruma alanı Alplerdeki en büyük buzulları içerir.
In modern countries hunting is still allowed but is considered a sport.
The station faces General Gordon Square and is named after the nearby Woolwich Arsenal.
The galleries now show Impressionist and Post-Impressionist art.
Ish-Bosheth suspected that Abner wanted to be king instead of him (sleeping with the concubine of a king was thought very important).
，於1594年11月4日和法王达成和议，
The book was interesting to read and a great commercial success it was a best-seller.
登場作品：除《拳皇2003》、《拳皇XI》、《拳皇極限衝擊》外的全部街機《拳皇》系列作品以及《拳皇EX》、《拳皇EX2》
The building is planned to be 54 stories tall when completed.
'de Berfu Güven ile birlikte Sokağın Ekonomisi adlı programı sunuyordu.
Old World sources of the first New World human inhabitants: A comparative craniofacial view - C. Loring Brace et al.
許多動物依靠著植物做為其居所、以及氧氣和食物的提供者。
It ended after the death of its main star, Sidney James.
In 1812 he captured Valencia, for which he was rewarded with the ducal victory title of duc d'Albufera da Valencia in 1813.
本来活多霍迪航空公司计划生产米格-17。
Both sides now receive guns and gadgets specific to their team.
Columba felt remorse over the deaths this caused.
King Manuel I of Portugal sent Cabral on an expedition to India.
Even though there is not really violence anymore, the movement's unique doctrinal views are still criticized.
Burada, uyuşturucu, kumar, haraç, hırsızlık ve fuhuş da dahil olmak üzere Perry, ss.
After Johann Wilhelm the Dukes moved to their new seat in Heidelberg, because they also got to rule the Duchy of Bavaria.
Different kinds of stitches create different patterns in knitting.
The Sky Cabin ring revolves slowly as it rises to the top and back offering a pleasantly changing view.
It was on their third studio album, Welcome Interstate Managers.
In 2012, popular media news outlets announced that Matarazzo and Murphy had split amicably.
》采访，首度谈及微博事件，指出并非中国中央电视台整他，而央视跟其说明用意是：“先避风头，暂缓出镜。
He has the ability to transform into a bell, and when he is rung, living creatures can be turned into items.
By the mid-1940s, big bands became less popular.
Both mechanisms suggested are catastrophic in nature, though only the asteroid impact was sudden.
In smooth-barked trees most of the bark falls off the tree, leaving a smooth surface that is often colourfully marked.
They married in 1936.
If a "bad girl" wanted to quit her job or did not show up, she would be removed from the show.
The blood carries the medicine around the body and takes it where it is needed.
These pubs are decorated with different gadgets of Mr. Boh.
The first byte in memory has an address of 0, the next one has an address of 1, and so on.
They released five studio albums in their career and had two top ten hits in the UK, "Last Train Home" and "Rooftops".
，喜歡惡作劇捉弄人，尤其是偉德。
Martti, burada kısaca "YMCA" veya "the Y” olarak anılan Genç Hristiyanlar Birliği’ne (Young Men's Christian Association) üye oldu.
甲信越地方（127號～133號）
This is called dynamic equivalence.
The effect is called apparent motion, and it is actually the basic principle of motion pictures".
Malvolio falls for the joke and dresses crazily as the letter says to.
The US-Mexican border is considered an open border.
Inside is the "
The show has won three Screen Nation Awards, and received nominations for a further seven.
Tweet levhaları, fotoğraflar ve linkleri tweet etmek, birden fazla Twitter hesabı kullanmak, Twitter bildirimleri, profil resmi entegrasyonu, ve Yer Hizmetleri mevcuttur.
由于波兰军队收到命令避免与苏军交战，苏军得以迅速推进，途中几乎未遭遇抵抗。
New York: Cambridge University Press, 217. Estimates of Stalin's role in history were quite changed by the speech.
、另由地方教友捐出二萬元建成的北門免費診所開幕，診所內手術台、消毒器具等，均由台南國際婦女會捐贈，附設貧民免費門診部，由王金河專治烏腳病 。
In primary monsoon season and rain forests, Naja atra inhabits clearings and riverbanks.
Their songs have been sung by many Japanese people at karaoke.
The meaning of tango: the story of the Argentinian dance.
There were two other attempts to found the club.
She was queen from 17 November 1558 until she died in March 1603.
's first album Stone Sour.
Their second headline tour started in February 2016, "Sounds Live Feels Live" (SLFL).
Worms do not need human help to reproduce.
When the market for such assets ceases to function, it is described as "frozen".
Her sister "Minnie" was even smaller than she.
But in 1857 the Indian Mutiny almost destroyed the Company's rule of India.
Architecture of first societies: a global perspective.
He has written My Life, a book about his life, and several other books.
When the family became bankrupt, the castle was sold to a series of owners.
It was formed in August 2012.
They claim to possess great spiritual power, but in reality they are rank materialists and enemies of everything holy."
He is played by Alexander Arnold.
Stevenage has a leisure centre and a theatre in the town centre.
The population of the province is 1,701,800, which is least in ranking.
Map Showing sites of the Tautavel Man. The darker colored areas of the map show where glaciers where.
He was defeated by T'ang, the king of the Shang people from the east.
It can also be spread through contact with things that have the bacteria or virus on them.
These pieces were created to the accuracy of 1/10 of a millimeter.
Sonuçta keskin nişancılar karşı tarafın keskin nişancısı ile kişisel düellolar yaşarlar ve bu bir kedi-fare oyununa döner.
Wind speeds of convert cut down the trees and damaged houses, and Eta also caused severe flooding on the island.
The woodwork and the bishop's seat date from 1753.
为了避免遭到其他国家反对，在原本的草案中，法苏两国还邀请德国加入其中。
He talks with Jessica and her mother on a payphone for a brief amount of time, then goes on the U-Bahn.
This color is now called spring bud to avoid confusion with the web color.
Danny O'Donoghue, Irish singer (
Its capital is Bardaï.
The son varies widely today, with the defining characteristic a syncopated bass pulse that comes before the downbeat, giving son its distinctive rhythm; this is known as the anticipated bass.
Merikanto created his own modernist style.
The team's first game back was on 19 August 2018.
於是蔺相如派他的副手穿上平民的服饰，走小路带和氏璧回到赵国。
'nın Silüetler grubuna gitarist ve vokalist olarak girmiştir.
王之春所编的《王船山年谱》记载，王夫之出生于衡州府城南回雁峰王衙坪 citation ，即是王船山出生地纪念馆所在位置的附近。
，於是請來奉祀於「王爺公廟」。
Two new districts: Bijapur and Narayanpur were carved out on May 11, 2007 citation and nine new districts on Jan 1, 2012.
In June 1959, Qantas' first jet airliner was delivered, which was a Boeing 707-138.
The lowest point in Aragon is on the Ebro river, close to Zaragoza, with an altitude of convert high.
This reservoir is Barber County State Lake.
She is a senior career officer with the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade.
Some of her poems published in ‘Sphulinga’, inspired the youth of Orissa and infused dynamism in them.
The band members are: Thurston Moore (
In this version, Canaan is still a boy small enough to be picked up.
Rabbit ears probably have several functions.
Both men and women were citizens.
Her first foster home is a woman named Starr, who has a two children, a teenager named Carolee and a young boy named David.
Although benzodiazepines work very well at treating alcohol withdrawal, they should be carefully used.
He also attended dance school and learned to play the piano.
Electronics Assembly Systems（簡稱：SEAS），拓展電子裝嵌系統市場。
The architecture era was ended by a great fire.
中国民主党被中華人民共和國政府取缔之后，组建者大多流亡海外，有的淡出政治，有的继续从事民主运动，但由于个人理念不一，各个团体都以中国民主党的名义组建中央，总部等。
Despite this, Hoffa began planning to return to leading the Teamsters union.
If you were to smash two super-fast electrons against each other, they would not break, but instead they might create more particles around them without breaking (this is another form of decay, known as a hadron jet).
Suudi Arabistan Anayasası'nın 60. maddesine göre; kral, tüm silahlı kuvvetlerin başkomutanıdır.
，於1938年7月4日編制成軍，
In Arabic, cardamom is called al-Hayl.
For example, an ink cartridge is easier to use than a bottle of ink.
In Germany, Austria, and Great Britain, conventional bombs were used.
Like its relative, the blackbird, the thrush finds prey by sight, has a run-and-stop hunting technique on open ground, and will rummage through leaf-litter seeking food.
这个函数是可重入的，因为它的多个实例同时执行不会造成冲突；但它不是线程安全的，因为在它读入文件时可能有别的线程正在修改该文件，为了线程安全必须对文件加“同步锁”。
The station code was originally W14 before the opening.
Aster Yohannes and Petros Solomon fought for the Eritrean People's Liberation Front.
，另外也在廣告、舞台劇等相當活躍。
He played hockey but realized he was not good enough to be a professional player.
There are Sindebele speakers in many places in Southern Africa.
This would allow the slow, heavy transports to reach Guadalcanal and unload safely the next day.
據估計1870年，阿爾及利亞的孩子不到5％正規的學校教育。
It was ranked 601-800 in the world by the Times Higher Education World University Rankings of 2020.
Spawning occurs once a year, usually during winter, and is triggered by rough seas which disperse the eggs and sperm.
The Vietnamese stories placed primary focus on characters and the relationships between them (manifested in a great proportion of dialog).
由于米尔斯在西汉姆联缺乏出场机会，2007年1月，
"I am at a loss to discern the governing principles here," he wrote.
Only smaller plants are often called weeds.
His apology was broadcast nationwide.
In 2017, a fire in Point Pelee burned down some of the marsh land.
It covers the period from the start of Wikipedia in early 2000 to early 2008.
Öte yandan davranış canlının çevreyle etkileşim ve uyum mekanizmalarının toplamını da içerir.
It is also known locally known as the Handial Mandir.
Females can live about 20 years, but males only live 3 to 6 years.
It stays blind for around two weeks.
Fransa'da yer alan tüm bu bölgeler ayrıca illere ayrılmıştır.
The capital is named Oğuz.
There are still the creative expressions to be mastered.
包含活动数据的块不会被覆盖，而是给修改过的数据分配一个新块，
In May 1917 the Nationalists won a huge electoral victory.
After the end of his football career he became analyst for Austrian Television (ORF) and he wrote for the newspaper "Kronen-Zeitung".
When the Finns started to use their artillery guns, they accidentally killed or wounded 30 Finns.
It was awarded for "the most important scientific discovery or for the greatest contribution made by experiment".
His brother was Martin Ashby.
She has been in Verchères since 2006.
In 2012, she lived in Palma de Mallorca, Balearic Islands.
They wanted more change to improve the conditions of the Postal Workers, but Congress was too slow to bring in rapid change.
General stimulants, like coffee, usually do not help.
In response, von Papen had Hindenburg dissolve the Reichstag for elections in November 1932.
It is an annual award for teachers.
Cows can be milked by hand, but in many countries where there are large dairies, the cows are milked by a milking machine.
He was a known physician of transplantation medicine in India.
This is a list of the main settlements in Warwickshire, including towns, or villages with a population of over 5,000.
兵役後，他参演了一些歌曲MTV。
後來因成家而退伍，於鄖陽縣城的城南開了一家燒餅舖。
It local name is Fakaʻuvea.
吳松峻（Ng Chung Tsun，1996年9月2日 － ），
Ilham Tohti. citation When Woeser won the Prince Claus Awards in 2011, the government did not permit her to receive the prize in the Dutch embassy.
She wrote the song with Jacob Kasher, John Ryan, and its producer, Johan Karlsson.
In 1858, she went to the California goldfields.
In April 2013, Van Dyke revealed that he has been displaying symptoms of a neurological disorder since 2006, but despite undergoing tests no diagnosis has been made.
The plane is hijacked and flown over the mountains to Tibet.
拉曼學院使用英文作為主要教學語言，但有些課程也會以中文或馬來文教學。
The only government people on the ship were the naval agent, Lieutenant John Shapcote, and the Captain of the Guard; all other crew were supplied by the firm.
'nin bir parçası olduğu 1127'de (XII yüzyıl) inşa edilmiştir.
"琉球列島の言語" (The Languages of the Ryukyu Islands).
After five years, the family moved back to Richmond, Virginia.
，面積46平方公里，海拔高度165米，2007年人口2,443，人口密度每平方公里54人。
's achievement of arms, but it is granted by the same body.
Originally, the second was known as a "second minute", meaning the second minute (i.e. small) division of an hour.
，並曾於1980年至1986年出任英國賽馬顧問局（Horseracing Advisory Council）主席，
Bjelland and Love made a new band called Pagan Babies around 1985.
The same is applies to the naming of Bangala desh or Bangadesh.
They mostly just eat leaves and flowers, which take a very long time to digest.
殿中尚书元郁率殿中宿卫士欲加兵于浑。
Zamenhof ć, h́, ś, ź (Esperanto'nun erken taslaklarında olduğu gibi, daha sonra ĉ, ĥ, ŝ, ĵ) ve ě harfleriyle birlikte Latin alfabesi kullandı.
Alpine skiing world cup competitions are often held here.
Then between 2005 and 2006 8,000 more seats were added to make a capacity of 75,000.
Later during the '80s, the added names were made a permanent part of the Eastern Pacific lists, and other names were added for even-numbered years.
About 2,485 people lived there in 2013.
Duhamel said that he forced out of the band because of injuries but recovered from his injuries and played with the band on their eighth album In the Arms of Devastation which was released on February 21, 2006.
He may have written the piece for a pupil.
He directed 16 movies between 1962 and 2004.
National Center for Atmospheric Research.
Bununla birlikte çağdaş bilim adamlarının çoğunluğu Zhao Hun isimli eserin Qu Yuan'a ait olduğunu, fakat Yuan You, Pu Ju, ve Yu Fu isimli eserlerinden başkaları tarafından kaleme alındığını kabul ederler.
After the failed assaults on the bridges, the German divisions began crossing over the rivers IJssel and Maas.
Kings and queens all over Europe have had dachshunds.
Page 15-16 in Chapter 3 of David S. F. Portree's Humans to Mars: Fifty Years of Mission Planning, 1950 - 2000, NASA Monographs in Aerospace History Series, Number 21, February 2001.
These appear to work differently from the mammalian spatial system, and have evolved independently of the mammalian system.
Bard cüceleri gizlice evine sokar onlar beğenilmesede silah bulur.
Olay örgüsünü herhangi bir zamana uyarlamak mümkündür, mesela motosikletin yerine binek hayvanı koyulduğunda pekala ortaçağda da geçiyor olabilir.
，与山本五十六、堀悌吉有亲近的个人关系。
在給赫歇爾的一封信中，拉朗德描述它是“un globe surmonté par la première lettre de votre nom”（圆球的上方放置着您名字的首字母） 由于Uranus是希腊神话中的天神，
Chlorine Gas saw its first use on the 22nd of April 1915 by the Germans against the French.
This shows how wide the head is.
運動員分為兩組，各組前四名晉級決賽，其他運動員則進入準決賽。
This transfer of power resulted in a smaller Northern Ireland Office, similar to the Scotland Office and Wales Office.
） – 一个出色的关于微内核和单一内核的性能分析比较，比较了Linux单内核情况，还有Linux运行在Mach3上和L4上。
The term 'performing arts' first appeared in the English language in the year 1711.
In 2012, Sonenclar auditioned for The X Factor USA season two, singing the song "
Ratchet and Qwark are going to a sector of the Polaris Galaxy to follow Dr. Nefarious, who has captured Clank at the Great Clock.
，拥有极其强大的法力，法号含义：「法」力无边，有如大「海」。
由於城市戰時坦克需要抵受從四方八面射來的敵方火力，車體側面及後方的裝甲防護又遠不及炮塔及車體正面，容易被敵方以反坦克導彈及火箭炮從後伏擊重創，所以該套件特別對裝甲比較脆弱的部分加強防護，
Eventually, the whole piece of iron is rusted away.
It is the largest teachers' college in Rio de Janeiro state.
Some rants are used not to attack something, but to defend an individual, idea or organization.
He soon mastered an electronic drum kit and teaches himself how to play with one arm.
A few consonant digraphs (tr, dr, ts) are used.
One man described them as, "pale fawn in colour, and they left blotchy red bite marks all over the body.”
Müşteri gereksinimleri değişikliğe uğrayabileceği için, yazılım sisteminin de yapısal değişikliğe uğraması kaçınılmaz olabilir.
Following the lockdown and mass-testing, SSI announced on 19 November 2020 that cluster 5 in all probability had become extinct.
Film idama çarptırılan bir maden işçisinin kız kardeşine bakacak birini aramasını konu edindi.
He was chairperson and party chief of China Nuclear Society from 2008 to 2018. citation He was a delegate to the 16th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. citation In 1999, Li became a member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering.
He was the spokesperson for the United Indians of All Tribes' takeover of Alcatraz beginning in 1969.
It spent 35 weeks on the charts and re-entered Top 75 charts on several occasions until 1997.
Her first showing in the series was presented in the piece Happy Birthday, Bugs Bunny.
Henson described the Fraggle Rock series as "a high-energy, raucous musical romp.
It was once a busy fishing port, but the trade declined during the 20th century.
Every parent gets the experience of their child asking a never-ending stream of why questions, until at last the adult says "Well, it just is!"
Kim directed 66 movies in total from his directorial debut in 1961 until his retirement from the movie industry in 1977.
菲利浦‧狄克和他的雙胞胎妹妹珍‧夏綠蒂‧狄克（Jane Charlotte Dick）
The Beagles then escape and destroy Scrooge's boat.
Zeepvat, p. xiv Olga's friends and family usually called her simply Olga Nikolaevna.
The rivers in this section are sorted west (
In 2006 the population was 267.
The DNA recovered at the crime scenes had already been present on the cotton swabs used for collecting DNA samples.
，而波兰流亡政府在二战时及战后也一直使用这部宪法。
Prado'nun, benzinli ve dizel motorlarında 5 ileri otomatik vites kullanılmaktadır.
The authorities then recovered the bicycle.
These are not found on any of the other California missions.
The album was produced and mixed by music engineers Butch Walker and John Feldmann.
She looks around and cannot find her.
She is currently completing an Executive Masters in Public Administration at the Australia and New Zealand School of Government.
这些变化可以发生在语言的任何方面，比如发音和语法、学习者的手势和他们可能注意到的语言特征。
The Mount Holyoke International Relations Program also provides a free access document briefing on U.S.-Iraq relations (
Kulübün renkleri olan mavi, beyaz ve turuncunun hakim olduğu yeni logonun ortasında kulübün sponsoru Balıkesir Elektromekanik Sanayi Tesisleri A.Ş'nin (Best) simgesi yer alıyor.
In 2004, a unit for child was opened.
There are many different kinds of harps.
He started writing operas again in 1718 and became very famous.
The two succeed, but it is not clear how many times of travelling back it takes.
As the Yankees Shortstop, he is currently the longest-serving position player on the team.
He could not help but think specially pleasing thoughts on that day.
The change means a new Senator has to be from the same party as the old one.
The convicts had difficulty in making things from the flax plants.
Construction is expected to begin in late 2007, with completion in 2012.
'in güneyinde yer alan bir tarihi bölgedir.
Lane's song "One Day at a Time" was her biggest hit.
Before France colonized the Americas, Basque fishermen traded with the Algonquins, who were enemies of the Haudenosaunee.
Anna quickly discovers Lucie believes she is being constantly terrorized by a ghoulish creature.
Ho-chan and Daisuke, who were left behind in the sentai adventure world, have been seen again a number of times for their own small story.
Angle won the match by disqualification after Austin attacked referees.
In it also mentioned in poems by Breaker Morant and Dame Mary Gilmour.
The winning skaters crashed into each other, letting him finish second and go through to the final.
She was best known for playing Elizabeth Perrin in the BBC television sitcom The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin.
Victories in the south expanded the Empire to more than 4 million square kilometres.
另外由main（作者所在的公司）提供運算所需資源外，也公開釋出訓練的成果（訓練網路資料） 。
In 1930 it was extended and renamed King's Highway 21. It is one of Ontario's most treacherous roads for winter driving.
The principle behind the ceiling balloon is a balloon with a known ascent rate (how fast it climbs) and determining how long the balloon rises until it disappears into the cloud.
's little French operas may also have served as models.
This will lead to inaccurate results because the observer program itself affects the CPU performance (modern, heavily cached and pipelined CPUs are particularly affected by this kind of observation).
It is 224 meters (734 feet) tall and has 62 floors.
During the 1860s, though, Sisley was in a better position than some of his fellow artists, for his father regularly gave him money.
Bu dağıtımlar için birbiririnin “ayna”sı denir.
El-Bîrûnî’nin eserlerinin sayısı yüz seksen civarındadır.
Their findings were published in 30 open-access papers in three journals, Nature, Genome Biology and Genome Research.
One set of controls moves the machine forward and backward.
Sırasıyla 1992 yılında Maire, 1995 yılında Misty Eyed Adventures, 1998 yılında Perfect Time ve 1999 yılında Whisper to the Wild Water ve 2004 yılında Two Horizons albümlerini çıkardı.
Jagongan Jail cafe and barbershop received a good response from local society.
哈查鲁·洪德萨之死在埃塞俄比亚掀起了大规模的main。 citation 为控制事态，埃塞俄比亚政府自6月30日切断了大部分地区的互联网。 citation 截至7月9日，骚乱已造成239人死亡。
两支不同的杖芯所释放出的力量将会产生碰撞而产生出不可思议的魔法效果（
在製作的早期階段，冲方丁便決定特意讓兩人存有很大的反差，例如灼比炯矮、兩者來自不同國家。
" based on this historical event.
Loza was a member of the Conscience of Fatherland (CONDEPA) and represented La Paz between 1989 and 2002.
He accurately slung a stone on Goliath's forehead, just below his helmet.
At the World Championships in the singles she doesn't won a medal, but reached the Quarterfinals 2013 and 2015.
The success of that season was followed up in the 2015/16 campaign, which ended with the team winning the league and Copa del Rey double.
Some parts of sex education vary by culture, e.g. the moral and ethic aspects.
Many older spectrophotometers must be calibrated by a procedure known as "zeroing."
Both songs are sung by Franchouchou (Kaede Hondo, Asami Tano, Risa Taneda, Maki Kawase, Rika Kinugawa, and Minami Tanaka).
基本上是低歲出、低課稅、低社會福利、個人負其自己的責任。
The WDR produces the regional television service WDR Fernsehen (formerly known as WDF and West3) and six regional radio channels.
In the middle of the fire triangle there is also a chemical reaction.
In a pond water has gravitational potential energy because of how high it is above sea level.
In August 1851, visitors from Pitcairn Island also found skeletons in a cave and wreckage on the beach next to the cave.
One of his first acts was to begin construction of Crowland Abbey which he promised to build for Guthlac if his prediction came true.
People can die from COPD.
There were few notable storms this year.
R.U.S.E. çevrimiçi çok oyunculu bileşeni özelliği ve özel sunucu desteği sağlamaktadır.
The ideas of the Western legal tradition have become so pervasive throughout the world that it is tempting to see them as universal.
Specializations of the feeding response of the bullfrog, Rana catesbeiana, for the capture of prey submerged in water.
Depo primine ihtiyaç duyulmasının bir nedeni, karşı tarafa güvensizliktir.
Inside the Bowman's capsule,is a network of blood capillaries called glomerulus.
It is unique, as Scotland is the birthplace of golf, and there are many public golf courses where people can play for small fees.
The air starts to build up.
The Turks occupied the capital Târgovişte (
It has Islamic traditional culture and modern architecture.
Slashing is called whether or not the player is hit with the stick.
He played 8 games for Japan until 1985.
，論及個人成功、國家團結等 citation 。
The term "high temperature cryogenic" means temperatures from above the boiling point of liquid nitrogen, convert, up to convert.
Sangria is usually served cold.
His poetry is thought by many people to be very funny.
Richard (called Lionhearted) was Henry II’s second son and he also wanted to be King of England and did not want to wait until his father died.
The documentary, by Pogus Caesar, contained previously unseen footage shot of her career beginnings in 1995 when she was appearing in the Netherlands.
He returned to Wuxi in a bad mood, so he used the beautiful garden to relax.
He died in his prison cell in 1882.
Bu yarışları seyretmek için milyonlarca izleyici yollara koşar ama yarışlarda hiçbir güvenlik önlemi alınmamıştır.
Many prefer a robot with conscience and emotion or even the illusion of it.
The scenic Three Gorges area is now partially flooded by the reservoir.
He has also hosted game shows such as The Krypton Factor (2009–2010), Tipping Point (2012—present) and Ninja Warrior UK (2015—2019).
其中乔森潘和胡荣在法国取得了博士学位，他们和符宁一起被称为柬共三大知识分子。
There were also problems with how Koop's office didn't try hard to make a cure for AIDS, making people think his office was only making the public know about AIDS.
She went on to gain recognition in many TV shows including 77 Sunset Strip, Rawhide, My 3 Sons, The Richard Boone Show, Hollywood Wife"s and Bachelor Father.
Some faults are active.
Real is the world's most valuable club. citation Real Madrid have won 34 La Liga titles.
A breakup can happen when one person is unhappy in their relationship.
Condatómagos later became Condatóm and then Conddóm.
There is Amber in Mexico and in the Caribbean, mainly in the Dominican Republic.
There is a modern, well-equipped assembly hall, too.
，带队赴上海听取市场机构对相关制度规则的意见建议，并调研督导上海证券交易所相关改革准备工作 citation 。
The Warp Star on the top floor takes the player to the boss of the table.
It has fifteen songs.
After that the player can go back into the game.
假性雙性人一般不能生育，但真性雙性人不但能夠生育，甚至兩套器官均能夠成功運作，成功生育或令配偶受孕 citation 。
Not: Millî formayı giymeyen futbolcuların ilk ve son millî maç bölümüne ilk ve son kez kadroda olduğu maçlar yazılmıştır.
Often referred to simply as “corrosion”, corrosive wear is deterioration of useful properties in a material due to reactions with its environment.
Marie Laetitia Bonaparte (Marie Laetitia Eugénie Catherine Adélaïde; 20 November 1866 – 25 October 1926) was one of three children born to Prince Napoléon and his wife Princess Maria Clotilde of Savoy.
The music tells us lots of things that the characters in the story may not understand.
Northern Illinois University Press.
They did this by selecting which animals or plants would produce the next generation (
Since then, Myra has worked with other artists, being featured on a single, "Back to You" by Chicano Rapper, Veze Skante which was accompanied by a music video and is a part of the compilation set "La Costa Nuestra."
第三集和第四集的隔夜數字下降到33萬7000和29萬4000，觀眾人數則分別為1.4%和1.5% citation 。
In one episode, the mask falls into Neuman's hands, and he becomes a super-villain.
Prizmatik glokofan kristalleri çizgisel olarak uzanmaları sonucu, foliasyon (şistozite ) düzlemleri içinde yer alır.
"Fuck the Police" adlı single'ı, BBE Records'tan çıkan Welcome 2 Detroit albümü izledi.
天文台在當日下午4時45分更新「特別天氣提示」，表明天兔是一個成熟的熱帶氣旋，並將會成為該年影響香港的最強風暴，更史無前例地在還沒有發出熱帶氣旋警告信號時，便呼籲市民提高警覺，盡快完成防風措施。 citation （main）
In 2009, following the Global Financial Crisis, Allen & Overy completed a redundancy programme which saw 400 partners and staff lose their jobs globally.
It was first released in August 1959.
Unsuccessful in this, he returned to his crashed aircraft and radioed other airborne planes, requesting that a helicopter be dispatched with an ax and fire extinguisher.
Genetic drift and inbreeding are closely related concepts.
There are multiple reasons for that, but the main reason is working on the edge of high buildings without using a safety belt.
The name of the parish comes from the medieval Latin Perranus in Sabulo meaning Piran in the sand.
In a true republican government, one group - even if it is a majority - cannot take another group's unalienable rights away.
She reached both the singles and the doubles final.
飾 余雪萊（元灝正養女，即原作海蒂）
，週期大約是一個月，而形狀保持相似 。
There were also several rooms in Club Penguin.
Feminist anthropology is used most often in cultural anthropology.
The recently completed One Island East, the seventh-tallest building in Hong Kong.
As of 1999, anout 2,338 people lived in Albias.
In painting, one layer is painted over another to get the final image.
From Aylesbury a shuttle service to Princes Risborough provides access to through services between Marylebone and Birmingham Snow Hill.
The game's graphics have been heavily upgraded, citation the animations have also been upgraded.
When she gets a vision and riddle from the long-dead hero Martin the Warrior, she sets out with a hare named Cuthbert Blanedale Frunk in search of an island called Green Isle to fight an evil wildcat and lead a bunch of otters to freedom.
The club was founded in 1997 as follow up team for FC Linz and SV Austria Tabak Linz.
His name is used as a synonym for a cruel and greedy man.
He formed a singing group called, "The Regals".
A S-delta does not tell the person anything about the availability of reinforcement.
She resigned the vice-presidency in 2008 in order to prepare her run for the presidency in 2010.
The film was a commercial success.
This unburned fuel and oil help keep the engine cool.
Academic art was influenced by these rules, and was about applying them when creating a work of art.
A place with 2,000 people or more is a city.
荀爽问：“您责难我有何依据？”
Scientists don't know much about the way it acts in the wild because there are so few left.
球队合并了瓦莱塔普雷斯顿和瓦莱塔圣保罗足球俱乐部，并且继承了已经解散了的曾在二战前赢得过两次联赛冠军的瓦莱塔联。
Fakat esen rüzgâr sonucu et parçaları etrafa dağılır.
The original IPv4 only supported 254 networks, so in 1981 the Internet addressing specification was changed to a classful network architecture.
中华人民共和国成立35周年時的1984年10月第一個东风-5打擊旅成軍，
The show about a underground school filled by many, many and many animals.
Bu sayede geniş bir köprü yaptırdı.
He worked hard and learned a lot about medicine.
The most northerly point of the country was the Vaalserberg.
He was the Deputy General of the Moscow Research Institute.
Otherside, Satya is the grandson of Leela.
Things look to stay the same for the time being with Noel’s High Flying Birds going on tour with this current line up.
，希望能恢服戰前工業水平，開始組織工業合作社（工合）。1939 年正式创建，1952年终止活动，1987年恢复正常活动。
It has less leather and is lighter than most Western saddles.
大約早上7時15分左右，卡柏菲亞號救起D折疊艇的人sfn。
In each frame, players can try to knock down all of the pins up to two times.
This category is for articles that are or contain timelines.
Karma that is done with an attitude of duty and without attachment to the results will not create any effect and will move one closer to God.
The symbol for the litre is "L".
The first group of Junkers suffered no losses and the transports continued to land.
It is given without any expectation of compensation.
Şubat ayında ise Bo Diddley'in "Not Fade Away"in bir versiyonu olan üçüncü single piyasaya çıktı.
During their early years they were known as Conjunto La Brisa.
The Times (London), 21 January 1936, p. 12, col.
」比喻人心情急切，想一下子把事辦好，而事實上，泰山是一腳踢不到的，黃河是一步邁不過去的；還有，「
Their total translatability into just elementary logic and a simple familiar two-place predicate, membership, is of itself a philosophical sensation."
Gelecek hafta yapılan maçta Styles, Sunil'i yendi.
The music was divided into bars with a particular number of beats in each bar.
，當有人或機構申請查閱車輛登記證明書，署方將發電郵通知車主查閱者的名稱和申請目的等。
，其中十五位力量最強大的埃努協助伊露維塔統治阿爾達，被人類和精靈稱為維拉。
第一次世界大戰期間，美國政府機構美國鐵道管理局（USRA）曾接管全國鐵路系統，並指示巴爾的摩和俄亥俄鐵路公司從紐約前往華盛頓特區，芝加哥和聖路易斯的列車停靠賓州車站，直至1926年。
在他90歲那年，他作了差不多60次演出。
The day after Dupuy resigned, on 14 January 1895, Casimir-Perier resigned, saying he was ignored by the ministers, who did not consult him before taking decisions, and did not keep him informed upon political events, especially in foreign affairs.
She has been MP for Derby South since 1983.
以多格里布語作為官方語言的有：
它是肝脏中乙醇脱氢酶的竞争性抑制剂。
Other splits in the Church happened later.
On October 9, 1934, King Alexander and French Foreign Minister Louis Barthou were assassinated in the streets of Marseilles, France, by members of the Ustasa-Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization (IMRO).
London Euston is a seldom-used alternative.
，體長可達2.6公分，棲息在底中層水域，生活習性不明。
As of 2004, 276 people lived there.
Maddi açı ise tirajla belirleniyor ve beni inanın daha az ilgilendiriyor.
The MG 42 was still used by many armed groups after the war.
認識她是一件很棒的事」 2014年8月《TV Guide》蒼井優專訪 。
This colours all gram-negative bacteria with a red or pink colour.
自幼聪颖，七岁学诗，為人文采風流，世宗大定十六年（1176年）進士，初授承事郎，改調恩州军事判官，由应奉翰林文字迁翰林修撰。
Tottenham Court Road stn Central line mosaic.
Yaralı olanlarını tedavi eder.
All 202 passengers and crew aboard are unharmed.
Her first successful song was "I Only Want to Be with You".
Vorsah played his first match for Ghana in 2007 against Senegal.
由于死者尸体被严重烧毁无法辨认，因此通过DNA测试鉴定身份。
In 2004, he finished third in the Class 7 singles table tennis game.
The first three Pippi Longstocking books were published by Rabén and Sjögren from 1945 to 1948.
Many die a few days later, during an attempted Algerian-led rescue operation.
This meant that Chinese and British people would have the same rights in each country.
Agnes Mure Mackenzie, The Foundations of Scotland (London; Edinburgh: W. & R. Chambers, Ltd., 1938), p. 106 Malcolm finally succeeded Lulach and changed the succession to his own sons and their descendants.
欧洲委员会对所有成员的一项绝对要求是，不能对任何罪行执行死刑。
At the point where the river enters the bay, between Windmill Point, on the north, and Stingray Point, on the south, it is more than convert wide.
年三十八歲中式嘉靖十一年壬辰科第三甲第五十六名進士。
Epidemiologists must come up with a precise and standard definition of what a case is or what a case looks like because that will be used to determine who is a case and who isn’t.
Hollywood Records released Cyrus' cover in June 2011, and a music video was created and released in 2010.
İnsan Hakları Ödülü ‘ne layık görülmüştür.
宗座傳信大學深造，在那裡他獲得了哲學和神學。 citation 他於1959年12月20日，在曼谷總教區晉鐸。
By late 1989 the GDR was suffering from many problems such as a struggling economy, and large-scale protests.
It is a city even though only 10,000 people live there.
Roger is hundreds of years old.
Birleşmiş Milletler tarafından kullanılan sürdürülebilir gelişme terimi, hem toprak kalkınmasıyla ilgili konuları hem de eğitim, halk sağlığı ve yaşam standardı gibi daha geniş insani gelişme konularını içermektedir.
The game was re-released as Classics on PC in 2008 on Steam and then on PS3 on Playstation Network in 2009.
They then convert these signals into representations that human users can see or read.
In 1999, the restaurant was sold to the Ocinomled partnership, which continues to operate Delmonico's at the South William Street location.
The current national flag of Belarus was introduced on June 7, 1995.
Munich is far away from Cologne; people in Munich have a completely different language, they usually do not comprehend Kölsch.
足协认定，卡拉伊奥在赛前向前队友main和main发短信，试图影响比赛结果。
It grew up around the Frauenfeld castle on the land of the Reichenau convent.
There are several well-known proofs of the divergence of the harmonic series.
GameCrate called it the "best value in gaming right now".
Very often, this is because of their location in a hilly area.
UCLA has many good sports teams on the Division I level.
The first method to perform addition and subtraction on the C and D (or any comparable scales) requires converting the problem into one of division.
A Lineman repairing a damaged power line.
They married on 13 April 1983 (she was 46 years old).
"Charlie's Girl, Happy to Trade on Daddy's Name; as Geraldine Goes Home, New Life Fills the Tramp's Swiss Retreat".
He didn't study, and his scholarship was taken away.
The 2003 race started a tradition of night qualifying at Atlanta, which has carried over to the spring race as well.
红砖大学是一個與英國教育相關的小作品。
昭和7年目黑區成立，為目黑區上目黑四、五丁目與中目黑三丁目一部分。
One of them was his self-titled sitcom The Bob Newhart Show.
Novi Kodeksi son sahne performansını Saraybosna'da Dom Mladih’te sergiledi.
The current Ao Dai was introduced by the Nguyen Lords.
Brooklands is actually a gateway to numerous closed communities and residential clusters.
Some books from before 1971 were also named Newbery Honor books.
In 13 games and 12 started with Miami Dolphins, Moore finished the season with 2,497 yards, 16 touchdowns and 9 interceptions.
近代中國學者孫毓修認為，古代越南史籍流傳於中國的並不多，幸得本書「記彼國（越南）賢王良佐之行事，騷人墨客之出處，貞妃烈婦之節操，緇流羽客之奇術」等等，堪稱是「可喜亦可觀」。
In 1887, Grabowski read the book Lingvo internacia.
When a presidential candidate wins the most votes in a state, all of those state's electoral votes go to that person.
Lacrosse has two teams, each with ten players.
The water depth ranges between 300 and 900 meters.
'nun çıkış stüdyo albümü Black and White 'tan bir şarkı.
Eventually, the name of the organization was changed to Hindustan Socialist Republican Association (HSRA) on 9 September 1928.
Open (shared 1st with Jaan Ehlvest).
防守马当要塞失守，1938年8月第16军与所辖2个师撤消番号。
The GSE said to be "the first Marxist–Leninist general-purpose encyclopedia".
，封劉胥之子劉霸為廣陵王，復置廣陵國。
It is convert in length.
It had the songs "Lipstick", "Knock Down", "Ting-A-Ling", "Fired Up", and "Free".
Ok atanın attığı oka benzer: ok yaydan çıkmış ve okçunun artık elden çıkan ve "kaderini yaşayacak" olan ok üzerinde yapabileceği bir şey yoktur.
Their housekeeper, Hannah Gruen, has acted like a mother to Nancy, ever since Nancy's mother died when she was three years old.
Edd Straw, Autosport (p10)(2009-06-18) CFD is computer program used to design a race car that will move through the air well.
However, they remained a power in the region.
Bu hanedan boyunca, seferler Sinai'deki Wadi Maghara, Wadi Hammamut ve Hatnub'a turkuvaz ve bakır kazıp çıkartmak için gönderilmiştir.
They also are searching for a rare monster that Artemis was trying to hunt down when she went missing.
Most caterpillars are shades of green or brown and are relatively hairless, although in many families caterpillars are very hairy and often brightly coloured.
Eski Yugoslavya bölgesinde popülerdir.
They share a basic body plan, whose development is controlled by master regulatory genes.
》撰寫的影評中稱讚了《推手》，認為該片很感人 。
： 菊次郎の夏、きくじろうのなつ ），
Morning Edition: National Public Radio, 10 November 1995.
He is the father of John Jameson.
Many of them are on display in the Vienna Secession gallery.
威廉·托马斯·霍尔（ William R.Thomas Hall） ，1909年至1914年在法学院居住。
The photosystem ll is found in the thylakoid membranes of chloroplasts.
這句令一旁圍觀的人都大失所望，認為文辭毫無韻味，平凡無奇。
He is the first Secretary of State for Justice in a 2007 reorganization and enlargement of the portfolio of the Department for Constitutional Affairs.
這個提案結果改移交給富士重工業群馬工廠，同年3月以ff-1 1300G旅行車車型為基礎製作出2輛試作車，
However, another Latin history, the Epitome de Caesaribus, says that Probus's father's name was Dalmatius.
In psychology and public relations, public has even more different meanings.
'nda, eleme turlarında 5 golle takımının en golcü oyuncusu oldu.
The single also peaked at number 82 of The Media Base Rock Charts in the 3rd quarter of 2017.
，朱元璋軍艦隊分成11隊，大船隊在中央，
He is known for betraying anyone, even his friends, to get on the winning side.
Joseph Eugene Kernan (April 8, 1946 July 29, 2020) was an American businessman and former politician.
It is a sandy desert with small, red sandhills about convert high, plains that are covered with sand, and open rocky and clay areas.
When João returned to Portugal he left his son Pedro as regent of the autonomous Kingdom of Brazil.
At this competition, on March 1, she debuted against Spain.
In 2011, 183 people lived there.
She is also called Elizabeth and became Queen Elizabeth II.
、亚当·克雷顿和小赖瑞·慕兰 (
A water garden is a garden in which the chief thing, interest, and attraction is water and plants that live in water.
，並擠身最後十二組音樂單位於《搶耳音樂節2020春》演出。
The central city is on the Brisbane River, convert inland from Moreton Bay.
According to Paul Doucette, the new Matchbox Twenty album will likely be completed in the beginning of 2012.
The average tornado stays on ground for only 5 minutes.
The origins of Beowulf and the pre-Viking Kingdom of East Anglia.
He also signed very large tax cuts (many of them were for the middle and lower class) during his presidency.
It is also spelled kilometer.
，而main也在2004年5月再度面对葡萄牙时射入5球 Deutscher Fußball-Bund.
Philips continued making video game consoles.
Until May 2014, the CEO of the company was Lovine, after which he was replaced by John Yanick.
William Pond Baker (born June 14, 1940) is an American politician and businessman.
外部的修改，使用金属机构和增强塑料，使AEG的外观和感觉更加逼真，已经成为很受欢迎的卖点。
Chemistry is the study of elements, atoms, molecules, and how they react together.
楊慕琦生前曾居於溫徹斯特的蘭格府（Lang House），
The axis goes through the rotunda, past the walls and support columns of the exhibitions pavilion, and finally the ramp besides the west pavilion and the central garden.
Forbes liked singing.
He was the first indigenous presidential candidate in Bolivia and South America.
Adults lay eggs on leaves above small bodies of water.
It was made from 1990 to 1995.
，但民建聯的鍾港武繼續在區內服務，而且屢敗屢戰。
Hans-Christian Gabrielsen (27 July 1967 – 9 March 2021) was a Norwegian industrial worker, politician, and trade unionist.
The album has been certified eight times platinum by the RIAA.
At 17 years old, Avril was the youngest female soloist to have a number-one album on the UK Albums Chart at that time.
We do not know much about his early life.
He decided to concentrate more on his producer career than his rap career.
男用口服避孕药正在研究中，尚未商品化。
The band released its self-titled debut album in March 1974, after which followed 18 additional studio recordings, 8 live albums and 6 compilations.
It was released under the Touch!
Life of Aratus 24.4 nominal lideri (hegemon) ve askeri komutanıydı.
Lively is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature.
Hathor had a lot of power over Ancient Egyptians moods.
About 70% of all known shark species give birth to live young, with the gestation period lasting from 6 to 22 months.
In language as light as air, she tells stories of resounding richness and depth.
Since prey size preference in snakes is generally proportional to body size, small snakes may be better adapted to take small prey.
E.T. is often considered to be one of the worst video games of all time, and was claimed to be the reason for Atari's massive financial losses during 1983 and 1984.
Even if I wanted to believe in God I would find it very difficult.
This removes the high frequencies from the phone line, so that the phone only sends or receives the lower frequencies (the human voice).
Burjuvazi tarih sahnesinden ayrılmadan önce kendi dünyasını yıkabilir.
They are one of the principal stands of oaks in Europe.
In recognition, he built a cross where he asked the Lord to help.
Its thighs are light blue or green with black spots.
Giessen was split from it.
He won Amber blindfold and rapid chess championship in 1992 and 2010.
最终唐军苦战得胜 《旧唐书》卷一百零三 《新唐书》卷一百三十三 。
Nakúm won immunity and Blake was voted out for being selfish, (5-2).
第一架生產型的曼徹斯特（序列號L7276）於1940年8月5日在维尔特郡（Wiltshire）的博斯坎比（Boscombe Down）机场交付。
He was head football coach at Yale from 1888 to 1892.
Jack continues to pursure Kong, while Denham returns to the village, where Englehorn and the remaining crewmen are waiting.
In 1868, a treaty was signed, and the Navajo were allowed to return to their homeland.
Unlike other birds of prey, they have a good sense of smell.
The area of the city expanded around Yugyō-ji temple (遊行寺) after 1325.
In 1988, Harvey became a member of a band called Automatic Dlamini.
機槍筴艙能夠在緊急情況（如筴艙損毀）以下從搭載的航空器以上拋棄掉以保全航空器。
It was called Dehors Novembre.
The Intermediate periods included times when the traditional system broke down, the country was split, or invaded by foreign rulers.
Hauer was made a knight in the Order of the Netherlands Lion in 2013.
Guelders was often at war with its neighbours.
Firefly takes place in a multi-cultural future.
，在不同的情況下，密特拉教可能已經躍升到了現代基督教的重要地位。
山后地区城市化，发展高新技术产业。 citation 海淀区政府宣布2003年为“环境建设年”，政府出资23亿元人民币，调动各界力量共计60亿元人民币建设“秀美山水园林海淀”，
She was part of the team which won the European Championships in 1997.
Breeding site selection by bearded vulture (
Shifai died in Lahore in July 2001.
František Škroup tarafından yazılan marş, Josef Kajetán Tyl tarafından bestelendi.
Only the best wizard in the family gets to keep their powers.
斯内布非制导火箭也被比利时FZ公司制造的70毫米火箭发射器代替。
However, the hurricane turned away.
He could now think about taking a wife.
A group of geese is called a "gaggle".
Completed in December, it can transmit 240 telephone calls simultaneously.
古巴的最高降雨量达400毫米，24小时最高降雨量也有331毫米 citation 。
There are two important parts of a Gainsharing system.
'Curse of the Tiger Women' is the final episode in 1997.
The average size is four to five pounds.
Smalltalk-80是完全的反射式系统，用Smalltalk-80语言实现。
该市镇2009年时的人口为9,720人。
Meanwhile, the remains of the Realm are still causing difficulties.
They are probably similar to the common ancestor of the two groups.
在隨後舉行的七届奧斯卡金像獎上（第6屆至第12屆），迪士尼在同一類型獲得提名並贏得獎項 。
At the end of the first second, the apple is moving at 9.8 meters per second.
In Australia they are most common in forested areas where there are many termite-filled fallen logs.
The heat wave and drought led a number of cities in the Midwest and South to have record heat.
However there are possible explanations that are related to context instead of personal qualities.
For these reasons, the Laplace operator is used in the sciences for modelling all kinds of physical phenomena.
随着铁器时代的来临，加工大型石料成为可能，石材成为主要的建筑材料。
On December 19, 2013, JYP Entertainment announced that they would create a new girl group in the first half of 2014, the first all girl group to come out of the company since Miss A in 2010.
Jesús Vaquero Crespo (1950 17 April 2020) was a Spanish neurosurgeon.
Saltpeter is a mineral form of potassium nitrate.
Defendants being charged with a crime have the right to be represented by the lawyer they want.
This is called declension.
Alexandria celebrates this choice with its annual "Small Town USA Festival."
The Dash 80 was convert wide.
哥倫比亞影業是為荷里活最主要的製片廠之一，其片庫擁有5,000多部經典影片，其中包括12部「奧斯卡最佳影片獎」得主。
宽政二年（1790年），雷电在江户相扑11月场所首次登场，便获得了8胜2预（优胜相当）的佳绩。
Yüzünguylu, aşağı doğru.
During the 2011 season, Tim Tebow played 7 games including his OT win over the Steelers in the playoffs.
These are sold in Uttar Pradesh and in the rest of India under various licenses.
Bu özelliklerin en bilinenleri yeni geliştirilmiş ana ekran ve menü düzeni, geliştirilmiş coverflow özelliğine sahip müzikçalar ve USB On The Go'dur.
It is the third largest city in the European Union.
Anon, Thomas Higginbotham & Co 1991, p. 174 Vandiyur Mariamman Teppakulam is famous for the celebrations of the Float festival.
The Faculty of Medicine is split between several university hospitals in the Oslo area.
TsNIITochMash (Central Institute for Precision Machine Building) developed it in 1987.
Helen Rhoda Arnold Quinn (born 19 May 1943) is an Australian-born American particle physicist and educator.
他的位置由原索尼互动娱乐台湾总裁江口达雄接任 citation citation 。
The disk is described as logical because it does not actually exist as a single physical entity in its own right.
Later, from 1 to 5 January 1942, the U.S. fought to allow its troops to withdraw to Bataan.
The Pendleton family owns the house since its construction.
Because of farming runoff, it is not one of Switzerland's cleanest lakes.
The republic found itself rather unprepared for the dissolution of the Soviet Union and the independence that followed in 1991.
Fritz William Weaver (January 19, 1926 November 26, 2016) was an American actor.
Yapılan savaşta Selçuklu ordusu ağır kayıplar vererek dağıldı.
The writer does not need to pay attention to spelling or grammar and writes whatever comes to mind.
They use some of the same calls as the military, but not all.
Jean Stein (February 9, 1934 April 30, 2017) was an American author and editor of Jewish descent.
政綱主要希望以新人事、新作風帶領透明度高、有各政黨代表以及更大公民參與的政府，凝聚共識，建立公平制度、融和社會，從而令香港重回正軌。
He received more votes than his opponent, but did not reach the majority.
With this type of bow the player tightens the hair by squeezing it while playing.
编码器将当前的区间分成若干子区间，每个子区间的长度与当前上下文下可能出现的对应符号的概率成正比。
，生长于海拔1,000米至2,400米的地区，多生于灌木丛中、山坡草地以及峭壁缝里，目前尚未由人工引种栽培。
Its old name was the One Hectare Telescope (1hT).
In 1958, Jan Parandowski organized an International Translators Convention in Warsaw, and in 1962 he became the vice-president of International PEN.
Then, many scholars know about him after he gave a speech at Harvard Divinity School in 1837.
Kullanım senaryosu diyagramı bir davranış diyagramı 'dır ve bir sistemden beklenen belirli bir davranışı gösterir ve sistemden beklenen gereksinimlerin tespit edilmesi için kullanılır.
此外，砷还可以形成阳离子原子簇，如黄色的As 3 S 4 + 和橙色的As 3 Se 4 + 。
The tariffs are subject to its approval.
Manyetik rezonans terapisinin savunucuları modern ortopedide tekniğin geniş bir uygulama yelpazesi olduğunu düşünüyorlar.
This family homestead was the Frosts' summer home until 1938, and is used today as The Frost Place, a museum and poetry conference site.
Also, it only applies to corporations.
This first aired in March 2016 in North America.
He appeared in 32 movies.
，但它们的极限，即该聚点，不能进行洛朗展开。
Even in the 20th century, Southerners remember Sherman's march as destroying many homes, farms, and railroads, but his soldiers are blamed for things that they could not have done since they were too far away.
Also, there is not much material on Khmer, although this situation is changing.
For each of those movies, he won a Filmfare Award.
'un ön seçimlerdeki oy oranlarıİki büyük partiyi temsil edecek adaylar ön seçimlerle belirlenmektedir.
This storm helped the Dutch parliament to decide to build the Afsluitdijk and build polders in the current IJsselmeer.
After his retirement, Will H. Hays returned to Sullivan, Indiana, where he died on March 7, 1954. citation citation His widow died in 1960.
When Rukia is arrested by her Soul Reaper superiors and sentenced to death, Ichigo and his friends travel to the Soul Society with the help of ex-Soul Reaper scientist Kisuke Urahara, who allows Ichigo to access his own Soul Reaper powers.
，设有客服中心和自助售票机等设施。
'de bir konuşması vardır.
This prevents the cells making too much enzyme.
But the Gewisse were not the only dynastic lineage in Wessex.
其中最高的市場是俄羅斯，在當地賣座470萬美元。
He was born in Leipzig, Germany.
The watch was upgraded to a tropical storm warning the next day.
He was also Chief of the Hellenic Army General Staff.
Sources of growth in Democratic Republic of the Congo before independence.
In 2020, Siberiahills released the album ”Sufle”.
In October 1946 he was hanged.
Both independently described the chemical structure of the lactic acid molecule.
This is by far the best-known species.
The name 'spiny scales' refers to its armour.
Under Bohr's theory, if an electron falls from a higher orbit to a lower orbit, then it will have to give up energy in the form of a photon.
在07月10日則開始接受歌曲「長短祭」數位下載的服務 。
When the Bas-Rhin department was created on 1800, the arrondissement of Sélestat (or Sélestat-Erstein) was part of that original department.
So, when you look at the whole country, the most carpenting experts are mostly from Innamaadhoo.
There he established the world's first major school of chemistry.
The main tourist attraction in the area is the Benedictine Convent of Saint John.
At night, there is a parade.
They especially killed Hindu leaders.
But Cuchulainn was attracted to many women.
Her birinin üzerinde farklı bir numara bulunan küçük silindir tüpler.
When the USSR ended in the same year, Moscow continued to be the capital of Russia.
幾個三角函數的圖形，分別為正弦、餘弦、正切、餘切、正割、餘割和正矢。
西嘉賀就趁这次机会再次参加试镜，并被选上。
The FAA was then able to work with Transport Canada to reroute the incoming international flights to airports in Canada.
's Lookingglass Theatre Company.
We loved him no matter what.
It is a way to encourage young people and make them relaxed about the idea of taking exams.
João Bosco Papaléo Paes (August 27, 1952 – June 25, 2020), better known simply as Papaléo Paes, was a Brazilian politician.
，请王船山写《劝进表》，遭严辞拒绝；王夫之认为“以其入国仇也，不以私恩释愤”。
We love to look at things, learn their names, and think about them.
In the febrile stage, people with dengue usually have a high fever.
An INFP would be a person who prefers introversion, intuition, feeling, and perceiving.
Ne yazık ki arkadaşı ölmüştür fakat karısı yaşamaktadır.
A sample of the tumor was taken during Lacks' stay at Johns Hopkins Hospital by a doctor named George Gey.
贈吏部尚書、并州刺史，諡曰平 《北齐书·卷三十五·列传第二十七》：王松年，少知名。
李愔（809年－853年5月26日），
Their son Arnulf succeeded his father as Count of Cambrai.
Plan aşamasında bazı çalışmalar ticari bölgelerle sınırlandı.
Whilst there was not much change to the existing weather symbols new symbols giving information Pollen and Sun levels were introduced.
To harvest parsely, cut the most mature stalks near the base that are still bright green.
They used trained reindeer to pull sleds carrying their supplies.
After the season there were two names that were retired: Georges and Mitch.
Scientists have only seen it near Yuwong Village on the Huon Peninsula.
此後，張智軒開始在電視台參與拍攝劇集至約滿，他因2007年於電視劇《
Mevcut Papa öldükten sonra yerine geçecek yeni Papa’nın sizin Din Adamı'nız olma şansı, krallığınızın büyüklüğü ve gücü ile Din Adamı'nın ne denli eğitimli olduğuna göre değişir.
During his term he signed the papers where north Somalia declared independence from England.
There are a lot of quokkas living on the small offshore islands, because this is only a small area they are listed as vulnerable.
The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.86.
Eliza Harris is Mrs. Shelby's favorite maid, George Harris' wife, and Harry's mother.
These people often keep using American English in everyday life.
Darla was killed by Angel in season 1 of Buffy.
It relates aggregate demand and employment to three variables, that is, the amount of money in circulation, the government budget, and the state of business expectations.
The cars were made of aluminium and were articulated to reduce the weight of the unit.
He became an open mic poet in 1995.
She was on the cover of Ladybrille magazine.
On this day there was a protest at Wenceslas Square with 300,000 people.
在1919年出賽至少一場的白襪隊球員中，他是最長壽的一位，他於1984年逝世。
People have used weapons since very ancient times.
Its collection provide a historical illustration of the progress made by African Americans.
Hold on to em too hard and they pop outta your hands."
It's hard to know how much it really cost.
The scientists performed an experiment: A human would slowly walk toward a rhino.
The movie received good reviews.
睡眠品質、又稱睡眠质量（Sleep quality）
、天津部分营业网点发售。2012年7月21日，中铁银通卡在京津城际铁路上推出，并于当日取代“京津城际快通卡”的地位 ，此后该卡可以在铁路部门指定的其他区段直接刷卡进站使用。
It stripped the Swedish monarchs of all remainind political power.
On December 7, 2012, the Supreme Court agreed to judge the case.
It was also greatly respected for its strength and spirit.
遲到3至5日，口頭警告；遲到6至10日，
Male enhancement supplements can be synthetic or herbal.
The vacationer, taken the name Andrew Hoshino, arrived at the Haneda Airport with his passport, taking up the mission for the dead ICPO agent.
Between November and December 1901, he narrowly beat the Cuban Chess Champion, Juan Corzo, in a match.
The album's lyrics are centered around the controversies, violence and politics in the ghetto.
China stated it would gratefully accept international help to cope with the quake.
成冰纪分为Sturtian、Varangian、Smalfjord、Mortesnes。
新捷運的飛鏢巴士，全數選配都普車身（2009年1月）
From the 1st June 2008 he coached Bayern Munich until he was dismissed on the 27th April 2009.
Many people from Northern Ireland who want Northern Ireland to stay in the UK call the city Londonderry.
Make sure that the requested project name does not already exist and check www.nameprotect.com to be sure that the name is not already trademarked for an existing software product.
被原本工作的大學解僱後和前男友安藤武再次相遇。
She earned her bachelor's degree in biological sciences from the University of the Philippines Visayas in Miagao, intending to continue to medical school.
This was the start of the break-up of Pangaea, a process which took a long time to complete.
Today, most countries have schools which accept both boys and girls.
They are less common.
Cardinal Conti was elected pope on December 12, 1254.
The head has two long black spines with clubbed ends.
平常性格平穩，一旦發怒，便會有極強攻擊力。
Albi is the prefecture of the Tarn department since 1797.
Fakat İngilizler arasında yeterli desteğinin olmaması kadar Robert'in çıkartmayı kötü yönetmesi Henry'nin istilaya direnmesini sağladı.
The fence can make sure they do not leave the farm.
These buildings are at the top of the Pre-Romanesque Asturian Art.
With the help of the ring he can follow Gollum and get out of the caves.
Air travel has been a very long dream of human beings from the ancient age.
In addition to the 53 stations, Hiroshige's series of images includes one print showing the departure from Edo.
In 1991 the IMI has started with the name “International Hotel Management Institute” with 55 students in weggis.
The piece moves through a mixture of pastoral and militant themes.
Kaynak mesajı gönderdiği zaman, pakete bir 0'dan başlayan bir sıra numarası eklenir ve herhangi bir diğer mesaj yollandığı zaman bu arttırılır.
Adjectives and adverbs take three degrees, such as kind, kinder, kindest.
The band became popular with their third album Standing in the Way of Control (2006).
The surprising history of passive–aggressive personality disorder.
拉卡耶环形山的周边（它的左侧部分），
The tribes must dig and find the bag, and then get back to the finish mat.
This caused him problems with the free settlers, people who had not been convicts.
Certain applications and games are able to use some analog joysticks even without explicit calibration, under certain restricted conditions.
The soldier on the left has a look that is called Two Thousand Yard Stare.
She used Risperdal and Depakote due to mood swings and depression.
He asked Thumb to cut his tour short, return to New York, and perform on the same stage with Nutt.
总面积20平方公里，总人口1494人，人口密度74.
），字伯慕，浙江杭州府於潛縣（
The second was to ‘get up when they are told’, the third lesson was ‘to get dress when they are told’, the fourth lesson was ‘to listen’ and the fifth and final lesson was to ‘completely obey parents' commands’.
The common name of Denuvo Anti-Tamper is Denuvo.
The movie is best known for creating and using the "
Less wool is produced than in the middle 20th century, because people use more synthetic fibers.
He is best known for his discovery of conductive polymers.
They were heated and squeezed, and the minerals recrystallized.
It is currently unavailable for purchase.
It has since been released on home video in both unrated and rated versions, and a cut version was accepted with an 18 certificated in the UK.
'a girdi; yoluna halılar serilmişti ve etrafa Avrupalı tüccarlar paralar saçmaktaydı.
It refers to online spying which is done on the internet backbone.
In August 1856, thousands of pro-slavery men formed into armies.
It is north of the City of Victoria.
Ida would have been an overking.
Hydraulic lifts are cheaper, but installing cylinders greater than a certain length becomes impractical for very high lift hoistways.
The heat exchanger is on top.
St Boris & St Gleb (Kalozhskaya) Church dating back to the 12th century, is the second oldest in Belarus.
The "Song of Tannhäuser" of 1515 combines moralizing with the adventures of an historical Minnesinger named Danhuser, Tanhuser, or Tannenhauser.
The word comes from the Latin credo for I believe.
The coin of the highest value, less than the remaining change owed, is the local optimum.
If a person's medulla is completely destroyed (for example, from a very bad injury, or because it did not get enough oxygen to survive), that person will die.
For example, Nikica Jelavić and Vedran Ćorluka were both born in Bosnia and Herzegovina but play for Croatia.
The stranger was left in his grave and Daniel was buried at the foot of his wife's grave, but 16 years later, a gravestone was mistakenly placed over the stranger's grave.
Cry-Baby wins, as Baldwin chickens out, and is reunited with Allison.
Such schools take children at 11, who may go to public schools at 14 years of age.
After the Board of Governor clears the application, the country may join the IMF.
，位于岛西北，距离特尔纳特市中心10公里。
Dinî hac ritüelinin merkezi bir bileşeni, bir koyun ritüel kurbanı ve Abbas Ali'nin mezarı ziyaretidir.
SATA Express is a version of the SATA standard that uses the same protocol as PCI Express.
All the levels can be accessed via a map screen, and enemies are often roaming it.
These were titled Earl palatine.
He was the founding leader of the Jammu and Kashmir Liberation Front.
The book was very successful.
，將原本統治的臺灣割讓給予日本，
In 2015, she graduated from Emerson College in Boston, Massachusetts where she studied broadcast journalism and also participated in several different on campus productions.
古克和卡普因為這個成就得到了圖靈獎。
They never recovered fully in Euramerica.
In this paper, the supercluster was named after Shapley, in recognition of his pioneering survey of galaxies in which this concentration of galaxies was first seen.
If the sentence is true, then it is a lie as it says.
By 1918, Mohandas Gandhi had become one of the leaders of the Congress Party.
人類性高潮一般是因對男性陰莖和女性陰蒂進行物理上的刺激而產生 citation citation 。
不似其他派系的是它的领导人来自外省。
They had two children; David Kelly, Jr. and Miriam Kelly.
He was elected to the Minneapolis City Council in 2013, representing the Third Ward.
Notice that, in the last example, you sent a letter, not your son.
’den oluşan 13 üyeye sahiptir.
在一战期间，史提芬加入了救护队在前线服务，并得到了法国军工十字章。
They also announced that the person who gave them the tip about where Uday and Qusay were staying would get a $30 million reward.
The Lashkar Gah Football Stadium was rebuilt in 2006.
He was born in Unsleben, Germany.
Also he has participated in Marfil, Gaviota y Amarillo and Cian Magenta groups.
After their arrest Mary prays for the two men (this is not in the Bible, it was Elgar’s idea).
在The New 52的重啟計畫後，他能操縱雷電三叉戟和頭盔來引發海嘯與水龍捲等強大招式，並和水行俠等亞特蘭蒂斯人一樣能在海底呼吸（原本的他是無法在水下呼吸）。
It is considered to be healthier alternative to sunflower oil.
Bats independently evolved a similar arrangement.
There are three major changes to the liver that a biopsy usually shows.
The “classical” orchestral instruments formed the foundation of “Jugend musiziert” from the very beginning.
几江街道和鼎山街道位于长江三峡库区尾部，距重庆市区40余千米，是江津区的政治、经济、文化和商贸中心。
It is on the Mesabi Iron Range.
阿爾伯雷什方言都源於托斯克方言，
This museum opened on 23 August 2015. citation In this museum, the winning works of the Contest of Brief Massages are exhibited.
This can be for paternity testing, to determine the parents of a child for legal purposes.
He belonged to the group of composers known as the Burgundian School.
He became the world amateur road race champion in 1967.
The term "muppet" is trademarked and owned by The Walt Disney Company.
英雄现身救下华剑雄后親手殺了錢無義，報了當年的血海深仇。
工程设17座地下车站、1处停车场、2座地下式主变电站，工程管理控制中心设置于3号线东宝兴路站控制中心大楼内。
On 6 October, he named Mindy Finn to be his running mate.
They released four studio albums and broke up in 2005.
There are also 2 bonus missions.
İkincisi toplumda, nüfusun yeniden üretimi gibi yaşamsal önemde değerlendirilmesi gereken işlevsel gereklilikler vardır.
I love reading books that talk about the black culture and its growth over decades, I listen to Hip-Hop music, I love watching African dances.
The Indian nationalists in Goa wanted their country to join with the new independent state of India.
DBS works well with a range of plastic materials.
It has a different color, structure, and taste than that of regular cheese.
A machine is a thing that is created by people to make work easier.
Carminic acid is extracted from the body and eggs, then mixed with aluminium or calcium salts to make carmine dye, also known as cochineal.
The men began serving their sentences in late 2006, as of 2010 all men have served their sentences or been granted home detention status (Pitcairn News, 2010).
He began a solo career in 2006 and released a EP called Love Hope Hero on November 14, 2006.
The smaller size and lighter weight of carbines makes them easier to handle.
Bilgisayarın ve elektronik cihazların temel çalışma prensibi bu ilkeye dayanır.
This was changed to a white jersey however in 2006.
比叡号和雾岛号最初的几轮射击使用的是用于对地炮击用的高爆弹，对旧金山号的内部结构影响有限，可能正是因为如此旧金山号才没有被当场击沉。
The early Knights took up campaigning for an 8-hour workday.
She was watched closely.
This fire did not threaten the camping area but the National Park rangers decided to evacuate the park; some campers were taken out by boat.
The babies cannot be left alone so one of the other meerkats besides the mother stays behind to watch them.
Bombalar patlamadan önce Moskova elçiliğinde görevli bir Amerikan deniz piyadesi olan Sam uzun süredir ana vatanına dönmeyi hayal ediyordu.
No. 2, season 1. Rachel quits the glee club.
It is still in use.
Now the name is just Les Cayes; Kréyòl still keeps the old name.
She is married to Ulrik Birk-Petersen.
Numunenin diğer numunelere kıyasla belirgin fiziksel özelliklere -özellikle kafatası ve dişlerindeki belirgin karakteristik özelliklere- sahip olduğunu anlaşılmıştır.
Yano's indomitable courage and profound concern for his comrades averted loss of life and additional injury to the rest of the crew.
But we now know that a tachyon indicates an instability in a theory that contains it.
Many of his works belong to private collections.
He was General-Secretary of the Party from 1977 to 1990.
Leaving Krum with Crouch, Harry fetches Dumbledore but returns to find Krum stunned and Crouch gone, Krum claiming that Crouch attacked him from behind.
輿論積非成是，黨內很少人出面講話，人人一肚子鳥氣，這次陳致中藉家仇替民進黨伸張國恨，實在是諷刺。
，投入了許多最新技術，但控制也變得複雜化，一般調整者掌握不了。
Ascorbic acid is a sugar acid.
The rope should run freely through the spine of each carabineer, not along the gate.
They conjure up three apparitions for him.
WriteLine("What is your age?"
There is an average of 201.0 days of precipitation, with the most precipitation occurring in May with 27.0 days and the least precipitation occurring in September with 5.0 days.
Let's have a party!
Scotland and Ireland also had parliaments, but with not nearly as much power.
Most students consider her a "nice" or "good" teacher.
People born in the 550s, from the year 550 to the year 559.
Richard Naradof Goodwin (December 7, 1931 – May 20, 2018) was an American writer.
When he tells lies, his nose gets longer.
新船加入後可以委派其主人作船團決策代表，但不少是由團長和數名大船主直接決定。
；另一方面持續推動臺灣民主品質的提升，並藉著全球民主聯繫網絡的積極參與，擴大爭取國際社會的認同與支持。
The object reflects this wave on the film.
She is the co-founder and co-director of the Abdul Latif Jameel Poverty Action Lab.
Scholars have recently attempted to apply network theory to precedents in order to establish which precedents are most important or authoritative, and how the court's interpretations and priorities have changed over time.
远在公元前770年的西周晚期，吉祥山一带就有闽族先民临江而居，从事狩猎和农业生产活动。
It is not used for official publications, they appear in Acta Apostolicae Sedis.
她曾於1966年、1970年、1971年、1972年、1975年、1976年及1977年七度贏得main女子冠軍 citation ，也從1966年起十次代表羅馬尼亞參加main citation 。
It officially opened on September 28, 1930.
Because of that, the religious leadership in Iran supported him in many ways when he was elected.
They call this multiplicity.
A long legal battle, Guth v. Loft, then ensued, with the case reaching the Delaware Supreme Court and ultimately ending in a loss for Guth.
After fourteen years as the publication's editor, Brøndum joined the staff of the Horsens Folkeblad.
There is also a Central Committee which meets between party congresses.
It became effective 1 January 1801.
So much so that you will tell your stories and you will make them legends, as well.
This still happens in the Govindaji temple beside the Palace of the Kings.
Here, our input list is 5 items long, and for every selection our remaining options decreases by 1. In other words, our 5 inputs choose items (or ).
It covers an area of 7,545 km².
One of his daughters is Erin Molan, a sports presenter.
Stiller displayed an early interest in filmmaking and made Super 8 movies with his sister and friends.
He is rarely talked about or seen in the series.
Takano was born in Riverside, California.
The Bombing of Tokyo from 1944 through 1945 killed between 75,000 and 200,000 people and destroyed half the city.
In 2001, Dr. Dre said he was going to release a new album: Detox.
To fix dehydration, a person has to replace the fluids and electrolytes that they have lost.
This continued in other cultures.
Rollins won the match and the championship.
The foil event was won by a Frenchman, Eugène-Henri Gravelotte, who beat his countryman, Henri Callot, in the final.
Lorenzo forces him out.
By 1790, Hamilton started building a nationwide coalition.
In the city, the population was spread out with 54.5% from 45 to 64, and 45.5% who were 65 years of age or older.
The player must enter a witch and defeat a boss creature inside.
There is nothing for the lender to repossess.
He would end up ruling as king for 56 years (though he would only effectively rule for around 45 due to his youth in the first years).
Xiaomi later released an MIUI update that made cloud messaging optional and that no private data was sent to Xiaomi servers if the cloud messaging service was turned off.
Some of the most popular include “Sweet Lorraine,” “Nature Boy,” “Those Lazy-Hazy-Crazy Days of Summer,” “When I Fall in Love,” and “Mona Lisa.”
、左自鸣、卢丽芬、卢新贵、帅立国、
This audio file was created from an article revision dated 2009-09-05, and does not play the most recent changes to the article.
Peter Howson was the member for Fawkner from 1955-1969.
Hanneman described writing for the album as, "When we were writing this album I was looking for something to beat; I wanted something to beat, but nothing impresses me right now.
The most common cause is ischemic heart disease (heart disease that causes the heart to not get enough oxygen).
He learned French in school.
Stratigraphy of the uppermost Triassic and the Jurassic rocks of the Navajo country.
After it is committed, it can no longer be undone.
On breaking up the icebergs come out into the open sea and at first, they travel north with ocean currents.
This movie was released in December 1995 in the American theaters.
，以易產生共鳴的家庭情感切入，延伸出鄰里關係，譜出80年代氛圍時下的台灣文化，同時也醞釀探討生死、
Hawker Siddeley was allowed to keep helping, but it did not have any help from the British government.
The killing of homosexuals both during WWII and after WWII ended is the secret story of the Holocaust.
Penguins lost ability to taste fish.
In his comments, Santorum had stated that "In every society, the definition of marriage has not ever to my knowledge included homosexuality.
唐吉訶德的前身為創辦人main於1978年開設的小規模店舖「泥棒市場」 「泥棒」
Marlin is the head of this group and promises to Joel and Tess that he will give back their weapons if they give a girl called Ellie to the Fireflies.
Today, there are different types of kites.
，陸軍部在當月就訂購了1000輛這種坦克，并在11月將訂購數目追加到2410輛。
在冬季，位於南极洲大陸及附近島嶼從事科學研究或其他相關工作的人員約有1,000人，到了夏季人數則是5,000左右，
Each animal represents one year.
The Bahamas does not have an army or an air force.
These systems, especially Beijing with its 18 lines, have become some of the largest and longest in the world.
The platform "Golos (voice)" created prior to the election allowed Belarusians to upload photographs of their voting papers.
'ın Budin şehrine yönelik baskılarına karşı koymakla görevlendirildi.
Builders Club gave its members more features in Roblox, such as earning its virtual currency called Robux, and the ability to trade items.
It was one of the original domains established in 1985, and has been operated by the Public Interest Registry since 2003.
In 1946, she recorded songs called "No Good Man" and "Good Morning Heartache", "The Blues Are Brewin", and "Guilty".
，生长于海拔1,700米的地区，常生于阔叶林下，目前尚未由人工引种栽培。
Gomez has two step siblings.
It was released on January 9, 2015.
它是冥王星赤道上長約convert的狹長黑暗地區 citation 。
It is 262 meters (861 feet) tall and has 72 floors.
该地区起初（1816年）曾经有7个行政区。
Anyone who broke the Jacobins' laws, or was even suspected of breaking their laws or working against them, could be arrested and sent to the guillotine, most without a trial.
Its area is 2,812 km², of which about three quarters are considered productive.
The major focus of Long’s work is the dialogue between philosophy and theology and he is often characterized both as a philosophical theologian and philosopher of religion.
You can buy ice cream in ice cream containers from supermarkets.
Its baseline is "Share your smile with those in need".
受到各方壓力下，文咸終在1849年4月9日致函徐廣縉，信中表示「所爭論的問題沒有進展，只得暫時擱置」 原文為「.
他表示：“当年我国接受中国人和印度人在我国定居和成为公民时，这班有活力的移民，都会寻找好地方，并克服种种困难，最终获得良好生活，进而有种族贫富差距的情况。”
Below is a list of questions split into groups.
而如果 是多项式P的一个j 次重根的话，那么它也是 的k-1 次重根。
Conures can grow up to 10 to 20 inches depending on the species.
He became a reverend, or a Protestant Christian clergyman.
The movie teaches about sins and virtues.
Ama dünyanın çeşitli yerlerinden gönüllü olarak gelen Abhaz, kuzey kafkas kökenli halklar, Ermeni gönüllüler, dağlı halkların ve Rus ordusunun yardımıyla Gürcü askerlerini yenilgiye uğratmışlardır.
Ferrari were 3-4 with Prost ahead of Mansell and Williams were 5-6 to complete the "Noah's Ark" (two-by-two) formation, Patrese ahead of Boutsen.
Joseph Wright (born 25 August 1972) is an English movie director.
'nın henüz İspanya tarafından ele geçirilmemiş bölgelerinde idi.
They received over 1000 suggestions from all over the world.
台灣方面，最終全台票房為新台幣2.57億元 citation ，
His works were about the movement for freedom of Jews of the Soviet Union. citation He was a founder of the first organization to support the freedom of Soviet Jews.
Shyampur has an average literacy rate of 52.68%, and the national average of 32.4% literate.
He was the last player to be subtracted but the coach told him that his place was reserved for the next season.
Tirtha Chakraborty; et al., Dengue Fever and Other Hemorrhagic Viruses (New York: Chelsea House, 2008), p. 26 During this time, the virus remains dormant and does not cause harm.
人非常好，她像尼洛的母親一樣細心的照顧尼洛，不過之後她與女兒還有女兒的丈夫一起搬到遠方生活去。
The Sun swallows the spaceship in "The Impossible Voyage"
The Etruscan shrew (Suncus etruscus) is also known as the Etruscan pygmy shrew or the white-toothed pygmy shrew.
Beecham was an enormously talented musician.
Though there are many supporters of westernization, there are also many people who oppose it it expanding at the expense of local cultures.
Çok utangaç ve aynı zamanda bekar olan Surinder, Taani ile evlenir, fakat Taani babasının ve nişanlısının vefatından dolayı eski mutluluğunu ve her şeye olan inancını kaybeder.
" was played by a different actor (except for the Tenth Doctor, who used up two regenerations by channeling excess regeneration energy after healing to his old hand that had been chopped of in The Christmas Invasion).
Cassady had a family with Carolyn, but she had to both work, and raise the children when her husband was away.
身體半透明，且不具有頭骨，魚鰭可用來攀附。
That is, it will not make the rocket accelerate harder.
The fibre used in textiles are gotten from with four main sources.
The movie is about a giant gorilla and his love for a human woman.
As of December 2009, all Gardaí have been trained and issued with this Spray.
This language employs the Tāna script, written from right to left.
With 9,000 soldiers (mostly Italians), they attacked in Garfagnana a small area of the Gothic Line.
He is nicknamed The Father of the Republican Party since he was one of the men who started the Republican Party.
The killings shocked the country, particularly because they had occurred in the northern United States.
Wattieza is world's oldest tree.
On August 26, 2008 (Women's Equality Day), Ledbetter spoke at the Democratic National Convention, on the topic of pay equity.
，which is related to the pearl oysters wrap 。
The number of such genes in the population would automatically be reduced.
Clinton was the first president from the baby boom generation.
A moment captured in an image.
刘捷（1957年2月 － ），男，
All versions of FrontPage are still in use by web developers all over the globe.
Interface design is applied in many different areas such as computers, to cars, to planes.
Many painters, story-tellers and poets have painted or written about rivers.
Then he entered Chuncheon Hupyeong Middle School, butl he transferred to and graduated from Wonju Yukmingwan Middle School.
The luckless lass, seen with her angry mother in the lower foreground, bewails her fate, while his parents on the left hang their heads in shame.
Trophies were introduced back in the world on large scale in last century.
On yaşındaki Sakura Kinomoto bir gün babasının odasında bulduğu büyülü kitabı açar ve yanlışlıkla kitabın içindeki sihirli Clow Kartları şehrin belirsiz bölgelerine dağılır.
They used to live in the Baghbanpura neighborhood of Lahore.
此外，他亦多謝高登討論區網民，若然沒有他們在投票日前夕助選，不斷在網上呼籲「一人一票撐咖喱飯」，
But sexlessness can also be harmful for allosexual adults.
Fermions are usually found in straight strings because they repel each other.
In 1706 Raja Ramjibon Rai established his capital here by filling the beel.
Also like Richardson, interviews are rarely given and raise more questions than they answer.
ViVA Trio was nominated Emerging Artist of the Year award by InFAME Music Awards in 2017.
該民調亦顯示英國人質疑戴上假髮的法官能否舉行公平的聽證或做出持平的裁判。2000年的民調則顯示，只有31%的人希望民事法庭法官戴假髮 。
The main initiator of the fight left, and three others continued to beat him.
Yıllık yağış miktarının (635 mm) büyük bölümü bu mevsimde düşer.
》（Newsweek）評選為「臺灣國會風雲人物」 citation 。
It is now the Roman Catholic Cathedral of the city.
Bayreuth has a lot of sights and historical buildings which are usually visited by many tourists, especially at the time of the Bayreuth Festival.
Khulna is known as the city of shrimp, because 75% of shrimp exported from Bangladesh are from the Khulna zone.
She does this because to keep Kurt from losing.
By 1996 he was in the top thirty.
In addition to letters, the alphabet also uses accent marks to mark stressed syllables.
'yu seçer, çünkü alarmlı saatini kırdıktan sonra, Ash randevusu için çok geç kalmıştır ve tüm geleneksel başlangıç pokemonları (Bulbasaur,Charmander,Squirtle)seçilmiştir.
，惟尚不知在野外是否也能造成感染 citation 。
》( Beyond the Dream)是一部2020年的港產電影，講述一名思覺失調患者患上被愛妄想症。
育碧電影首席執行長尚-朱利安·巴羅內特表示，
Now he is called a "legend" and the "god of manga".
Merchants built warehouses right next to each other along Boat Quay.
並以教育家和組織人的活躍角色參與了許多全國性的運動。
Lenzburg has an urban bus system as well.
People who make clothes have special symbols to say how they should be cleaned.
除零售店面外，加冷娛樂中心亦有一家電影院、溜冰場和保齡球館。
Finally it was changed to the current name, Myeong-dong in 1946, after independence.
The Toyota Automobile Museum is in Nagakute.
She was responsible for implementing the national Aboriginal welfare policy in South Australia.
办公楼对面一所小学，却无钱改造危房，向海外申请了国际援建资金。2008年，阜阳“白宫”举报人李国福被逮捕，在狱中蹊跷死亡，其家属遭到迫害和被送入精神病院。
Some can grow to be 35cm.
It is one of the reasons that Chicago became a big city.
This audio file was created from an article revision dated 2012-1-1, and does not play the most recent changes to the article.
He lost several of his hotels.
这种收缩城市理论主要聚焦于二战后的欧洲。
They ruled the area until the end of the 19th century.
At the time, he did not think of Crime and Punishment as a novel.
'nin düşürülüşüne kadar olan süreyi kapsamaktadır.
Those include eight national parks, two strict reserves, and ten nature parks.
'e 11 milyon € karşılığında transfer oldu ve 4 yıllık sözleşme imzaladı.
It was designed by Solomon, Cordwell, Buenz and Associates and developed by the Fordham Company.
Bununla birlikte 5 ileri ve 1 geri vitesten oluşmaktadır.
In 1951, he married Pamela Wickington.
He surrendered his army in April 1865.
Ignostics claims that the word "God" is meaningless until it is defined.
Recording a Lennon–McCartney song helped start new artists' careers.
，小鹿範滿成為後繼者之一，於是與太田道灌一同為了讓範滿成為今川氏當主而出陣，但是與對立的義忠嫡男龍王丸（
The track was converted to a road course.
阿塞拉（Asella 或 Asela）
Iridium deposits are used to identify relative dates of collisions of foreign bodies.
'e verdiği bir röportajda Ginuwine, şunları söyledi: "Biliyor musun?
The Genie of the Lamp has been stuck in a magic lamp for 10,000 years.
Leila founded charity organisation Pretty Powerful that works with orphan girls in Belarus and helps them to make first steps after leaving the orphanage.
'nde altı dalda ödüle aday gösterildi: "We Are Young" ile En İyi Çıkış Yapan Sanatçı, Yılın Kaydı, Yılın Şarkısı ve En İyi İkili/Grup Pop Performansı ve Some Nights ile Yılın Albümü ve En İyi Pop Vokal Albümü.
This is to remind them of the double portion of manna.
The album has a larger variety of musical styles than Jugulator, but was no more successful.
He has consistently topped or appeared in Worst Directors lists by users on Internet Movie Database (IMDB).
This performance won Tallari the 'Best Newcomer' award at the 2008 Man of Ice Awards and ensured his selection for the 2007-08 EIHL All-Star team.
Birçok kullanıcı, Vista'nın RAM ve diğer sistem kaynaklarını çok harcadığından yakınmıştır.
These Buddhas reached enlightenment on their own, but they did not teach others.
Kent, 1702-1703'teki bir deprem sırasında büyük zarara uğramış ve daha sonra yeniden kurulmuştur.
"% change" refers to change from previous election.
He asks if the three of them will go help them find the stone and their children.
Toumanova was 18 months old before her parents were found each other.
秦始皇建立的官僚制度，成為歷朝政治制度的典範 。
They state there is little evidence to show that childhood diet influences intelligence except in cases of severe malnutrition.
Another forty aircraft were the marine air service along with about an equal number of reserve and training craft.
The video is 4 times faster than real life.
Before Deer Hunter, Streep had a small part in Fred Zinnemann's Julia and the eight-hour miniseries Holocaust.
Some industries changed to using metric units but others did not.
同時履行抗辯本身具有擔保的作用，為了避免相對人同時履行抗辯遭到剝奪，故德國民法390條規定：「附抗辯權之債權不得以之供抵銷；.
File:Bose MediaMate computer speakers.
European Championships, as well as preliminary matches for the 2002 FIFA.
When they are in water again, they come to life, and new Triops are hatched.
It tells the story of a convict who is sent to Van Diemen's Land.
Bu kişinin Akça Han ile aynı kişi olma ihtimali yüksektir çünkü motifler birebir örtüşmektedir.
Paolini ve ailesi bir sürü kütüphane, okul gezdi kitabı tanıtmak için.
By the river Siegfried happens to meet the Rhine Maidens and teases them by showing them the ring, but does not let them have it.
Edie is there when Mike wakes up, and since she is in love with Mike she tells him that Susan treated him like dirt, and she never really loved him.
; Megatherium's name means "great beast."
They are the dominant members of most terrestrial neutral to alkaline hot springs above 60 degrees Celsius.
Saint Oda or Odo, called the Good or the Severe (d.
畠山氏（はたけやまし/はたけやまうじ），亦作田山氏，
納爾遜根據自己的經驗，只於戰前擬定一套粗略的作戰方針，務求作戰時出其不意，異軍突起，令敵軍陷入混亂之中。
Bu performans aynı zamanda sanatçının uzun bir aradan sonra sahnelere dönüşünün habercisiydi.
The former band members were David Hungate, Fergie Frederiksen, Mike Porcaro, Jeff Porcaro, Simon Phillips, Greg Phillinganes, Jean-Michel Byron, Bobby Kimball, and Keith Carlock.
This version contained an improved ability to move pieces of data greater than 64KB (the original release could only manipulate one segment of RAM at a time).
Ion Iliescu was the head of state, or person in charge.
Since the engine works by pumping air, the more air you can put through it, the more power it makes.
It is said that it was influenced by rock groups such as The Ventures, The Beatles, and The Rolling Stones in Europe and the United States, and it became popular in Japan from 1960 to 1971.
Jones was eight years old when his father died.
在爺爺的勸說下，阿祖擔負起保衛武館之重任。
Anarcho-capitalists are different because they believe society would be better off without any government, even though they are still a kind of libertarian.
Consulted on November 6th, 2012 Through various competitions, he had professional encounters with Yves Marchand, Charles Dubé and the producer Alain Dupuis.
Pictographic: representing objects.
However, the latter won the race.
It is called the "Lost Colony."
The country is sending three people to the games: One blind skier and his guide in para-alpine skiing and one woman para-Nordic skiing.
On Saturday at 14:00 the qualifying session takes place.
Fallin also initiated Project Homesafe, a gun safety program that has distributed more than 80,000 free cable gun locks to Oklahomans.
Kunieda would play Robin Ammerlaan in the semifinals after the Dutchman defeated home hope Ben Weekes.
Use of the term has changed over time.
However, it is still true that many problems need person-to-person meetings, so ambassadors are still needed.
）任语文教师，兼任济南市戏剧研究会主任委员、
Mandrills live on the ground and in trees.
When the Beatles had their first hits in England and Europe, Capitol Records did not want to market their recordings.
'nde oyunculuk eğitimi almıştır.
The line taken over would be extended beyond Edgware to Brockley Hill, Elstree South and Bushey Heath with a new depot at Aldenham.
他同时认为歌词"I promise this drink is my last one / I know I fucked up again / Because I lost my only friend"是影射了与Gaga对簿公堂的前助理Jennifer O'Neil。
The story is based on the Christian legend of the search for the Holy Grail.
，唐瓜的姐姐，其名於漫畫第157話提及。
It has the chemical symbol In.
Bu durum dış ticaret açığında% 102 artışla 2.01 milyar $ 'dan 4.12 milyar $' a çıktı.
It is located in Washington.
Their goal is to prevent people from killing endangered crocodiles and caimans because they have mistaken an alligator for a crocodile or caiman.
Five thousand years later, Lara Croft discovers the lost tomb and unwittingly unleashes Set, fulfilling the ancient prophecy of his return to plunge mankind into darkness!
Galilee and resettled several areas.
Paper covers rock; paper wins.
Barry moved west and weakened to a tropical depression and made a loop at the same time.
If syphilis reaches the tertiary stage, which is the most severe, it causes many serious symptoms.
，乃是第一等護國有功勳章（ SMN ）和第一等王冠效忠勳章（ SSM ）佩戴者的頭銜，
Officers spent their evenings learning tactics and other military matters from books and field manuals.
At the same time, he showed them another image with three lines of different lengths.
The nearby Murrayfield Ice Rink is home to the city's ice hockey team, the Edinburgh Capitals.
If you have n telegraph poles, how many gaps are there between them?
They would then lose 30% to 40% of their ability to breathe.
，然在瀏河則炸沉日艦一艘、傷四艘，中國飛機一架受傷 citation : 73 。
This was the year that Israel became a country.
台灣日治初期，五軍營地區為一街庄，稱為「五軍營庄」，
The Fourth Netanyahu Government can be characterized as a right-wing government with a great religious contribution.
The spool is a smaller pool, more commonly seen as a large spa.
The existing Departments, except the Treasury and the Departments of Education and Home Affairs, were dissolved, and the Department of Education was renamed "the Department of Education and Children".
In his third year, he won the NBA Most Improved Player award.
Below are the costs of using Calgary Transit as of January 2020.
最後的山洞之戰中，五嶽派內自相殘殺，岳不羣捉住倖存的令狐冲及任盈盈，岳不羣原欲殺令狐冲，
He often conducted his own works.
It was published in three parts.
A fairy appears from the flower on top of the cake, and tells Hulda she will give her anything she wishes for.
Kaplan, 187 At the end of June 1855, Whitman surprised his brothers with the first copies of Leaves of Grass.
SKEMA is specialist in the fields of economics, social sciences and management.
Romanda, Bölge bilime karşı gelen birçok garip yapıdan ve döngüden oluşur.
In 2001 there were 560 people living in South Huish.
Gergiev has worked hard in England to bring music to a wide audience including children.
包括银行在内的金币持有方都不愿按面值支付，金币随之从市场流通中消失。
Grand Caravan has been redesigned many times through the years.
奥勒良在272年将大量main迁了潘诺尼亚。
It was founded in 1879 and first switched on 18 September that year.
Roger Kingdom, American athlete.
After her death, Umar ibn al Khattab led the prayer over her and she was buried in al Baqi.
The album is cited as selling as many as 110 million copies worldwide.
皇室成員古巨基，五阿哥來錄綜藝。
，禾亞卻未能持續好表現，更開始被投閒置散，
司鐸一般是俄國人，很少懂得芬蘭語。
She began movies three years later.
》的編輯達倫·弗蘭尼奇表示不喜歡歌曲的歌詞和泰勒絲的演唱，他寫道：“比起勝利的頌歌，歌曲更像葬禮上的哀樂，尤其是歌曲以清脆的打擊樂器聲伴奏，聽起來就像是士兵要遭受劫難了一般”，“一點勝利的感覺也沒有”。 citation 《
Berta, Dr Bartolo’s servant, tries to leave the house.
Nadezhda Zabela-Vrubel sang the role in the premiere of the opera.
'ın çevirdiği eser, 1950 yılında Kanık'ın vefatından sonra "Saat 6 Tiyatrosu" tarafından bir kez temsil edildi.
Several bridges and tunnels cross the strait.
Himiko reigned as queen during the 3rd century.
He needs to ski with a guide skier.
An incentive (something that gives motivation to do something) value is another important concept when looking at theories on motives.
The owner of the Eagles is Rakuten, an IT company.
Is called artu estremeñu (High extremaduran) too.
Böylece evren daha kapalı olacağı için evrenin yaşı günümüz evrenin yaşından daha küçük olacaktır.
It was made in 1928, but it was not shown to the public until 1929.
These objects are small for their mass.
Disraeli was made Earl of Beaconsfield by Victoria in 1876.
」的教育法案，這個法案也受到民主黨參議員泰德·甘迺迪的支持。
But he had run away after getting into trouble for stealing food.
而這些解密出來的「普拉拖」文件資料，經過這些研究人員檢視後，發現僅僅是包含一些當時所拍攝的發光物體相片、插圖、還有目擊證人的證詞紀錄外，
Spectre grossed over $880 million worldwide, making it the sixth-highest-grossing movie of 2015 and the second-largest unadjusted total for the series after Skyfall.
How the program looks can also be changed with skins, and it can be made small enough to fit on the taskbar.
He hypothesized that the brain and mind are two separate entities that exist on their own but are interdependent on each other.
His lawyers dropped him and he could not get another lawyer, only the lawyers assigned by the court.
One may also round half towards zero (or round half away from infinity) as opposed to the more common round half away from zero (the round half away from zero method is a common convention, but is nothing more than a convention).
The persistent tortoise, despite being slower, wins because it persevered.
Dizinin sezon ve bölüm sayısı ile DVD çıkış tarihleri aşağıdaki gibidir.
When in the air, they seek the chosen points to make sure of going the right way way.
在船坞的这段时间里，该舰的两门单装88毫米高射炮被替换成三门双联装样式，
Criollos were higher status/rank than all other castes.
This allowed Britain to become the world's largest sea power for 100 years.
One of the most famous methods are the Runge-Kutta methods, Butcher, J. C. (1996).
The running order will be decided and announced when all the countries have selected their entry.
SetThreadpoolTimer 。
The name Inez was retired the next spring.
One of them was Beth Gibbons of Portishead.
玖辛奈因為分娩耗損過多精力，被帶人擄走並抽出九尾。
Later in the day, while Radhika and Dev go into the forest, Barkha tries to kill both of them, thinking that if she can't have Dev, no one can.
细胞球形、卵形、直或弯曲的杆形；二分分裂或三分裂繁殖。
It played at the London Palladium on April 16, 2002, featuring many new songs and a reworked score by both Sherman Brothers.
This category is for user accounts that have been identified as sockpuppets of Veva Play.
Flory won the Perkin Medal and the Priestley Medal.
Haziran 1998'de Özbek cumhurbaşkanı Bulgaristan'ı ziyaret etti.
Mr. Park, who also went by the alias Pak Jin Hek, is unlikely to see the inside of an American courtroom.
The Treaty of Berlin was a part of the Congress of Berlin (June 13-July 13, 1878).
Cloud seeding (trying to make rain by putting dry ice crystals or a kind of smoke in clouds) is the more recent way, but it is expensive and we do not know for sure how well it works.
The Egyptian Military Academy (Arabic: الكلية الحربية‎) is the oldest and most prominent military academy in Egypt and Africa.
When smugglers were caught, they were brought before juries made up of other colonists.
Ancak SuperSonics, sezonu 20 galibiyet ve 62 mağlubiyet ile tamamlayarak kulüp tarihinin en kötü normal sezon derecesini elde etti.
This sparked an idea for the Germans, and on 31st of January 1915, they first used Gas on a large scale.
The 350 GT was released in 1964.
Two years later he co-founded Ink Development (later renamed eShop).
傅抱石这才知道，那个开玩笑的姑娘叫罗时慧，出生在沈阳，小名奉姑。
It was unusually cold on the morning of the Space shuttle's launch.
In June 2003, along with the owner of the promotion IWA Mid-South Ian Rotten and Corporal Robinson, he "invaded" CZW on behalf of IWA Mid-South.
However, when he tries to save his childhood bully Katsuki from a Villain, All Might shares with him his Quirk "One for All."
In December 1629, he married Lady Elizabeth Preston.
This season also starred Ellen Cleghorne, Melanie Hutsell, Tim Meadows, Adam Sandler, and David Spade.
The 1888 constructed Mormugao Port remains a busy shipping route in Asia.
She was walking her dog in New York City when it happened.
正當我跟朋友說這件事，朋友說他有認識的記者。
The air or blood in the chest will push against and squeeze the heart.
This one is known as the pointed elbow drop.
Stypka eşinden ayrılmış üç çocuğu ile beraber yaşıyordu.
The pickups are magnetic devices that sit below the strings.
Thailand sent US $100,000 in supplies, thirty tones of medical supplies and twelve tones of food supplies.
A Pennsylvania bicyclist shot a truck driver after an altercation.
這事件讓她有種宛如心中的大石頭終於可以放下，豁然開朗的感覺。
The bridges over the channel can lift to allow yachts and other boats in and out of the lake.
，一度集結於香港會議展覽中心舊翼大門，嘗試一舉攻入新翼，當時形勢相當嚴峻。
Some pipes, usually the biggest decorated pipes at the very front of the organ, are used only for the grandest music.
Hasmukh Thakordas Parekh (10 March 1911 – 1994) was an Indian financial entrepreneur, writer, and philanthropist.
Taurus is said to have the woman side of Venus, and are very attractive.
In Mainpuri district, 35% of the 12.3 lakh voters are Yadavs.
If one player's piece, the other player's piece, and an empty square are lined up, then the first player must "jump" the other player's piece.
ALPHA is trying to do just that with antihydrogen.
為了區別兩人，中文媒體不時將兩人分別稱為老杜魯道 citation （老杜）和小杜魯道（小杜） citation 。
It was built on the site of one of the working farms in the area.
They both live in Melbourne.
被列為三級古蹟的芝山巖惠濟宮因大大整修，曾被古蹟專家認為已喪失古蹟意義，
The Krai was formed on 1 July 2007 from the merge between Kamchatka Oblast and Koryak Autonomous Okrug.
They can be either horned or polled.
It was released on November 17, 2006.
其他记者相信这种趋势会持续 citation 。
He also says that the most harmful parts of morality have taken control of how we understand ourselves.
Daha sonra 1973 yılında Amerika Birleşik Devletleri Uluslararası Üniversitesi San Diego'dan "Kumar Gizemi, Mitolojiler ve Tipolojiler" tezi ile doktora yaptı.
The evolution of bivalves that swim is a consequence of the so-called "
It was released in the United States and Canada on 6 November, and received fairly positive reviews from critics who praised the movie's action sequences, cinematography, acting and musical score, but criticized the screenplay and pacing.
All the beds were replaced.
Once they know what they are, Jasper lets the players discuss what they are going to do for a short while.
For example, in one story, "The Case of the Clueless Mystery" by Gary St. Lawrence, citation the heroes read the script for the story they are in to find out how to beat the villain.
The latest stable release of Debian (Buster) is 10.0, released on July 6, 2019.
惟定国一人不赦” 王夫之《永历实录》卷十四《李定国列传》。
Pre-war training had also changed skirmisher tactics.
Generally, carpets are used to make spaces more beautiful and to make walking on the floor quieter.
Even though the ingredients are similar to those in a Russian salad, the taste of okroshka is quite different.
Originally, the words "dissertation" and "thesis" had separate meanings.
Köy, Edirne il merkezine 92 km, Uzunköprü ilçe merkezine 25 km uzaklıktadır.
Lungless salamanders may communicate with their nose.
The HARPS search for southern extra-solar planets.
Qatar's defence expenditures accounted for approximately 4.2% of gross national product in 1993.
Bullying culture means, that it is normal to be bullied for the victim.
The oldest parts of the canal were built during the 5th century BC.
When the flag came, the group found out that the coat of arms on the flag was in full color instead of white, and the manufacturer had added a gold ring around the shield.
Rumi seems to have been permanently engaged in a search of divine inspiration and love.
In 1997 a major fire burned about 1,435 km² of the forest.
Even though going back to university has a big opportunity cost, many people think it is a good decision because increased education gives you more job opportunities.
，她同时提出了支持此一假說的證據。
The latest change is number 23 in 2011.
This began 200 million years ago.
A narrow pass in greater Himalayan ranges of HP, located at a height of 1200 ft.
For example, someone can be called ผู้ชายสูง (phuchay sung) meaning being tall.
It was used as an intoxicant and entheogen by the peoples of Siberia and has a religious significance in these cultures.
Yangon became the capital of all British Burma after the British had captured Upper Burma in the Third Anglo-Burmese War of 1885.
When it is finished, the Prologue mission will start.
File:US Navy 031027-N-0000W-001 Family Nurse Practitioner Lt. Cmdr. Michael Service cares for a young girl at the U.S. Naval Hospital (USNH) Yokosuka.
Many activities are available in this small city.
The movie's lyrical atmosphere and the performance of the stars caught audiences’ eyes.
This is why the name "Laval" comes from the Séminaire's founder, François de Laval.
One end of the device is fitted with a single type-A USB connector.
Modern gas chamber, in an US prison.
Amphiumas have a long body.
He called it "retarded", "ridiculous" but "hilarious".
; this is the furthest south that the subsolar point ever reaches.
He found working on Team Umizoomi "comforting" because many of the same crew, producers, and creators had also worked on Blue's Clues.
From 1966 to 1968, he served as Foreign Minister of Pakistan.
Hunt is married to Mary Collins.
），中國歷史里程碑 ：「嗣後來船永不敢夾帶鴉片，如有帶來，一經查出，貨盡沒官，人即正法，情甘服罪。
Many 3D modeling programs can save objects and scenes in VRML format.
截至2017年12月，AIK银行拥有上卡尼奧拉银行75.99%的股份 citation citation ，后者拥有斯洛文尼亚国内的4.7%的银行业市场份额 。
Discs have an outer fibrous ring, made up of both type I and type II collagen.
Cows are pregnant for around 9 months, or an average of 280 days.
Numbers can be sorted in two ways.
He returned to the starting lineup on May 27, 2006.
Kok, Amrabat’ı SV Huizen’ın A takımında düşünen ilk teknik adam oldu.
A few languages (for example, Mohawk) do not often use this sound.
名單很有可能得票率高、但反而因此喪失一個議席。
He makes most of his songs himself.
成立時的球隊名稱是FC水戸（フットボールクラブ水戸），在1996年地區聯賽決勝戰升上JFL。
It means "black".
She was born in Vigo.
He is reported to have said here's to ".
It was first sold in September 1997.
Genes in ecology: 33rd Symposium of the British Ecological Society.
Later he was visited by a man who never showed his face.
；她在32强成功以2比0（21-6、21-8）
He does not sell clothes anymore as he did in Animal Crossing.
， citation 在同一周内，所有15首曲目都登上在澳大利亚唱片业协会单曲榜上。
But he was a kind person.
Black arsenic is similar to red phosphorus.
It also can be called a square angle.
When the gold escort coach arrived it had to slow right down and try to get past the wagons.
，於1992年被提升为正職教授。
設施包括室外游泳池、園藝花園及遊樂設施。
He was 12 before he first learned to stand.
Taylor left Watford in 1987 and Watford were relegated to the then Second Division the following year.
尹致昊学贯东西，饱经世事，是朝鲜历史上的传奇人物之一。
He is well known for being in Home Improvement.
You roll a fair dice once.
Shortly after the war began, Japan's Naval General Staff wanted to invade Northern Australia.
The word “anthem” has come to mean “a song of celebration”.
Today, some Koreans use the word "Joseon" to mean something bad because they think of the Joseon Dynasty as something that failed.
The "taxes on knowledge" on newspapers and printed advertisements were lifted.
），也是唯二小於一萬平方公里的州，
自尊心非常高，又因是候補生的關係，讓她顯得傲慢，一開始稱呼織斑一夏作「庶民」，但喜歡上他後改稱「一夏同學」。
DWRIA取代DOW（Died of Wounds Received in Action），
The band Bathory was formed one year earlier.
There is 4 alternative endings.
Tibetan Buddhism was followed by first-generation Tibetans and was ascribed to their children and grandchildren.
The members of the Society of Right and Harmonious Fists were simply called boxers by the Westerners due to the martial arts and calisthenics they practiced.
She left school at the age of 13 to work in a shirt factory.
Many people said that Darling in the Franxx was a good anime.
She had a recurring role on the television show, Hidden Palms as Greta Matthews.
Verbal slips of the unconscious mind are referred to as a Freudian slip.
This can be avoided by placing padding between the baby's legs to keep the knees slightly bent with the hips angled outwards.
The Babadook was produced by Causeway Films (Kristina Ceyton) and is based on the short movie Monster (2005), also written and directed by Kent.
，埃特納鎮區的面積為52.80平方千米，當中陸地面積為52.20平方千米，而水域面積為0.60平方千米。
For the 2011 season the league had 22 teams in 14 different U.S. states.
In the first film, He is an android robot created by Dr. Vaseegaran, also portrayed by Rajinikanth.
As of 2010, 5,642 people lived there.
As the boat sails away, one of the divers accidentally knocks his diving mask into the water.
This was made possible because in 2008 the country's National Assembly voted to lift the limit on terms of office.
If an actor plays the role of a daughter or a man in love, he must apply makeup.
The different tests are strongly correlated with each other.
Since they are an animated group, they cannot perform live, like other bands can.
One of the problems was that implementing the strategy cost a lot of money.
虽然是地主的儿子，但在学生生活中，他被无产阶级革命运动所吸引。
Musul taarruzu ya da Musul Operasyonu, Musul şehir merkezini ve civarındaki köyleri IŞİD'in elinden geri almak için başlatılan askerî operasyondur.
They have the ability to become Super, using the Chaos Emeralds.
It was distributed by Allied Artists Pictures.
It has either a 4.2 or a 4.7 liter V8 engine.
She was the first Asian American to win an Olympic gold figure skating medal.
，交易所將於3、4個月內關閉， citation 紐約證交所的股東也於2006年12月20日通過該合併案，
It does not have any municipal district (a municipal district is a subdivision of a municipality).
On 6 April, the first four cases in the country were confirmed.
That took a lot of time and they made mistakes.
Some torts can harm other things, like someone's reputation or a business.
Shackleton received many awards.
He reported on this work in a book called Micrographia in 1665.
Bohr's model of the atom.
The old CANEX (formerly MLS) (the Canadian Army's food and clothing store for dependent families) was changed to a NAAFI under the British and was finally demolished in 2006.
）中恢復2項為比賽項目，最後決定恢復七人制橄欖球及高爾夫球為比賽項目 citation citation 。
Lifshitz, pp. 101–102 Later, like at the other death camps, the Nazis built gas chambers so they could kill more people at a time.
，李珊珊直到18歲才再次見到她母親，從小由外省籍的奶奶親手帶大，如同生母，李珊珊洋人外貌，
Under United States law, the Gaults had only one legal option left.
But coup could be counted with any object.
A few hundred million years after Cosmic Dawn, the first stars produced enough ultraviolet photons to re-ionize essentially all the universe's hydrogen atoms.
，但劉裕等終也成功奪取了京口和廣陵，鎮守兩地的桓脩和桓弘皆被殺。
The first e-book might have been the Index Thonisticus, prepared by Roberto Busa in the late 1940s.
It's quite hard to catch a member of Orthoptera because they jump so well.
'de yaşamını sürdüren Mükerrem Kemertaş, üç çocuk ve iki torun sahibidir.
Holbrook was nominated for many awards during his career.
She supports LGBTQ rights.
; actually it was a reenaction of what had been already began in 1943 but in larger scale.
This however, is not sufficient.
The artist paints the picture with hundreds of tiny dots, mainly of red, yellow, blue and green, with white.
It cost about 45 million Norwegian kroner ( US$ ) to build.
Originally canceled in 2004,the series was revived in 2005 due partly to its excellent DVD sales.
The Ancient Olympic Games.
"Electrical stimulation in anterior limbs of internal capsules in patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder".
This pairing is commonly referred to as Percabeth( per- sa- beth).
The best compost heaps have lots of little spaces inside, to allow air to move around.
Sweden have only 100% jury.
This worried the people of Ghazni city about the water supply.
在1929年至1930年把宝庆新街、多宝大街扩建成马路，取名为多宝路。
Both were nominated as the Worst Screen Couple.
But only once (1952–1956) did he complete the constitutional mandate.
He addressed it to senior officials in the military.
Fud Leclerc performed it.
It is a meaningful sign of social communication, but exactly what it means depends on the situation.
Dornan was born in Holywood, County Down, Northern Ireland.
As a Bounty Hunter is hired to kill Senator Padme Amidala and Obi-Wan Kenobi and his padawan Anakin Skywalker and after some investigation Obi-Wan Kenobi discovers the creation of a clone army on a planet Kamino in the name of a Jedi killed a decade ago!
Bu aşamada rapor edilen buglar ve online bir oyunsa hileler ve açıklar düzeltilir ve onarılır.
He was drafted by the Chicago Blackhawks with the 271st overall pick in the 2000 NHL Draft.
Virat Kohli's innings was the highest individual innings for a batsman against Pakistan in a ODI.
迷宮都市歐拉麗是一座擁有雄偉地下迷宮（通稱「地下城」）的巨大都市。
The name "James" in English comes from "Iacobus" (
）, June 2, 1940, page 1 继而拥有一个覆盖布鲁克林全境和皇后区部分地区的庞大的路面电车和巴士网络。
The direct exposure to the North Atlantic Ocean, the proximity to mainland Europe and the long stretched Rif and Atlas mountains are the factors of the rather European-like climate in the northern half of the country.
其他具有影響力的穆斯林哲學家有：查希茲（Al-Jahiz），
He has proposed a second law as well: "The phenomenon external to an area of interest affects what goes on inside".
，但提前起跳的亞瑞查在空中膝擊湯普森頭部，導致湯普森離場，縫了3針，右耳也流血不止。
She came in third in the giant slalom race.
They will do many activities like acting an emotion and let the Asperger people guess what it is.
Jackson recorded several songs before his death.
Live video showing: "A test for broadcast."
，成為工業化國家後建設了一支現代化海軍，
Many provide work in machine construction, medical equipment, international trade, optics and electronics.
The inventory was taken on July 17, 1644 and besides his deceased wife, he mentions sons Giles and Caleb, daughter Constance, wife of Nicholas Snow, daughters Deborah, Damaris, Ruth and Elizabeth.
Thomas had an early success on the road at the 2004 Paris–Roubaix Juniors and later had senior victories at the 2010 British National Road Race Championships, the 2014 Commonwealth Games road race and his first classic, the 2015 E3 Harelbeke.
It was directed by Iqbal Kashmiri and was produced by Evernew Studios.
直到最近，也就是20世紀亞洲才開始由強盛逐漸衰微，但是當亞洲國家逐漸受到西方強權侵略之時，亞洲出現復興曙光，
Typically they inhabit dense vegetation in damp environments near lakes, swamps or rivers.
He was made a Kennedy Center Honoree at the White House in 2014, and was awarded the Polar Music Prize in 2017.
With the clues they have (the river, the church and the Latin phrase), George, Nico and Andre work out that the Templars are heading for Bannockburn in Scotland.
His condition got worse in December 2016.
Within a few hours they were ready to accept wounded soldiers again.
为了证明死星的威力，昆尼克下令用高能激光炮用低功率射击main首都。
These systems would be removed (if the West paid for the removal).
This imaginary sphere is a very practical tool for positional astronomy.
On 1 May 2019, three days before his coronation, Vajiralongkorn married Suthida Tidjai, former acting commander of Royal Thai Aide-de-Camp Department.
"l33t is teh suck!"
Şirket, küresel durgunluğa rağmen, 2008 yılında sözleşme satışlarında 23 milyar dolar rezervasyon yaparak% 47 büyüdü.
It is on the island of Lovön.
Jonathan Ray Banks (born January 31, 1947) is an American actor.
Beans on Toast has released eight studio albums, traditionally releasing a new record each year on 1 December, McAllister's birthday.
It measures the heat of chemical reactions or physical changes.
但世界教科文卫组织在2005年就已经被发现为诈骗团伙所虚构的组织 citation 。
A metal plate supports a squat neodymium-iron-boron (NIB) magnet.
He is famous for designing men's clothes.
"The first record of velociraptorine dinosaurs (Saurischia, Theropoda) from the Wealden (Early Cretaceous, Barremian) of southern England."
；西至石牌西路；北起天河路、中山大道；南至黄浦大道，面积约1平方公里。
It is one of the Chief contributors to the Brahmaputra.
She also has a younger brother, Aditya Singh.
The Portuguese Man o' War (Physalia physalis) long misled researchers.
The local Latin population survived only in the coast and islands of Dalmatia.
It had round side panel bubble windows and a choice of optional vinyl graphics.
In his junior year he met Joe Principe at a "Sick of it All"
Bob now has two futures of apples.
Semen is pushed along the urethra until it shoots out of the end of the penis in spurts.
The inhabitants are called Bajocasses ou Bayeusains.
In his later years, Jimmy became an important ngangkaṟi (traditional healer).
In 1849, Hawthorne lost his mother.
The original graph of body size versus metabolic rate hand-drawn by Max Kleiber (1947).
In 2010, 2,066 people lived there.
Ama millî takımda başarısız oldu.
，專門租借器材給製片公司與大學電影課程。
It won an Academy Award in 1929.
His body parts were then displayed in the museum in the year 2030 as the most advanced humanoid robot ever built.
But due to plans by the club to build a new stadium, White Hart Lane has been demolished to make room for the new 60000 seat venue.
In addition he was a brother of the historic Hosios Loukas monastery in Boeotia, Greece.
Taşnaklar tarafından kurulan parti okulunun kuruluşunda çalıştı.
Ecosystems describe the web or network of relations among organisms at different scales of organization.
His first novel was Shesh Bikeler Meye, published in 1960.
It has chalk cliffs and a beach of pebbles and sand at low tide.
What can be confusing is that for a map of a given physical size, say 11 by 17 inches, a "large scale" map will have a smaller geographic extent than a "small scale" map centred on the same point.
The vocal cords are sometimes called 'true vocal cords' to distinguish them from the false vocal cords.
寇克蘭在加入球隊後也同時成為老虎隊的總教練。
吉特利斯进步神速，在七岁的时候便举办了他的第一场音乐会。
Also Turkic World and Islamic World are called as identical fields.
Also beneath Kingsway was a branch of the Piccadilly tube line from Holborn to Aldwych.
The fiscal issues of the government, such as taxation and loans need the sanction of the parliament, after appropriate debate.
Guatemala City is the largest city in Central America.
The game was well-liked and considered one of the best Devil May Cry games as well as a return to form.
She worked in the department's Adelaide office.
、太原杜儿坪矿区）使用无轨电车担当职工通勤。
），令列車服務一度停頓近4小時。
，比如使用像main般的服務即可存取之 citation 。
首都基加利位于该国中心附近 citation 。
It is called "The Christian Church" because Jesus was called "The Christ" (or holy one from God).
，江西省政府于1939年南迁至泰和县，
The other two describe how fields 'circulate' around their sources.
Süpernova 1604, üç hafta boyunca gündüzleri de görülebiliyordu.
They are waiting for him convert outside the valley, but Mallinson cannot cross the dangerous route by himself.
The others then each took parts of the carcass, sharing with other members of the troop in response to begging behaviours.
;Online - GamesIndustry.biz :Popular trade website for Europe.
It has a shiny, silvery white color.
Jack and David are billeted together.
而我消失的的善良再也没有回来过。
He attended him again on 31 December, three days before he died.
》的教條；解放神學家據此正名它們的學說：
哈塔米后来回忆说他的政府试图阻止进行一个不公正和不自由的选举。
According to the movie, in which the word became widely used, the word is "something to say when you have nothing to say".
其中十六强阶段只进行一场比赛，在各组第一名的主场进行。
Hunterston B is very similar in design to the Hinkley Point B power station which is also due to operate until 2023.
She the only Naiad not in Diana’s band.
It is the only Trappist brewery where the monks still do all of the brewing.
At Night of Champions, Sheamus was pinned by Randy Orton in a Six-Pack Elimination Challenge for the WWE Championship.
For the club's 10th anniversary in 1973, the club would drop the Dynamo name.
緊接之後從迪亞的襲擊中逃脫，並拜訪他們的首領—未來眼保持者「エーネ」所在的地方，並從其口中得悉自己被既非「祭司」又非「女神」亦非「勇者」的異形操縱的事。
在漆黑之蠍襲擊鈴蘭行動中，不停透露鈴蘭動向情報給漆黑之蠍，使多次突襲計畫成功。
She married secondly Alan IV, Duke of Brittany.
He can do a ground-pound and can do a triple jump in the air.
It was officially inscribed on the World Heritage List in on July 7, 2008.
在1986年他在拍攝《小島風雲》
He is known for his 1950s rock and roll style.
Wat San Paulo (วัดสันเปาโล) A Jesuit church, constructed in the reign of King Narai.
Approximately 800 Germans, 500 Georgians, and 120 Tesselans (people from the island) were killed.
当这些现象发生时，神就出现在那些现象中 - 在物质世界中出现。
Sojourner was born a slave and did not know how to read or write because nobody taught slaves how to.
If F-sharp major needs to be used, transposing instruments in B flat should have their music written in A-flat major, not G-sharp major.
She was born in July of 1751.
The Royals chose Butler in the 2004 First-Year Player Draft.
In the 1980s, Gou Bu Li baozi began franchise chain operations.
People now consider that the Federation is a follow up of the Soviet Union.
There is a statue of him at the entrance created by Pedro Montes.
The following hurricane was Hurricane Rina.
His music was so famous that many composers in the 19th century found it quite hard to compose because they thought they would be compared to him.
Scientists have discovered high levels of DDT and other organic compounds in this deadly plastic soup.
As of 2016, 684 people lived there.
In theory, rocks are formed when the things surrounding them are in equilibrium with ambient physical conditions.
Albüm, ABD'de 1.5 milyon olmak üzere dünya çapında 2 milyondan fazla sattı.
The next and largest Pacer class was the Class 142. This again was built by Leyland and BREL, in 1985.
Other countries are believed to secretly have nuclear weapons or develop them.
At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Publicola and Nerva.
Scotty as he appears in Star Trek.
A sponsor is the individual or group that gives the support, similar to a benefactor.
，最终事件在亚奥理事会及亚洲游泳联合会的调解下，以韩国队接受中国队的道歉而告一段落 citation 。
Fakat eğer bu sporu yapan kişi bu dalda uzmansa, daha eğimli tepelerden yuvarlanmayı da deneyebilir.
如果只叫飲品（俗稱「散嗌（叫）」），則會被收取較高的費用，約港幣7至15元不等，以吸引一些客人點較高價格的餐點及避免只叫一杯飲品而佔用地方。
在美國，很多地方政府禁止在公共場所，包括所有辦公室、以至在街道上吸煙。
Groups have some dozens of galaxies, and clusters up to several thousand galaxies.
Verdi wrote several works based on Shakespeare plays.
Parry was a man who always liked to help people, and so he took on a great deal of work, which did not do his health much good.
Duryappa was also a Tamil, but Prahbhakaran believed he had become too close to the Sri Lankan government.
They come to eat the salmon, as well as berries and other plants.
This he remained until his death in 1971.
Catoir Silk Mill, the last silk mill in Allentown, closed in 1989.
The proletariat class has more people than the bourgeoisie but do not own the means of production.
Eskimos lived in tents during the summer, and sod houses or igloos in the winter.
Smith earned his first major league win on April 24, 2007 after coming on in relief in the 12th inning.
Unlike other libraries in Cuba at that time, the institute's library let people borrow books for reading outside of the library.
It ended up being one of the top-selling albums of 2015.
It said it was made in the fourth year of Yan guang (125 CE).
Harry ends the attacks by killing a Basilisk and thwarting another attempt by Lord Voldemort to return to full strength.
，三年升本省同考，四年升南户部湖广司员外，不久因父親逝世回鄉，生病去世 光緒《金壇縣志·卷九·人物志》：馮曾櫿 字良選，萬厯甲辰進士，授開封府推官，卻餽遺，斷獄如神，有異政；丙午本省同考，己酉浙江同考，多拔國士，後禹州王則古、平湖陸澄源皆以彈崔魏立名者也。
几乎所有的东西——我不喜欢我穿的衣服，不喜欢那些作为单曲的歌曲.
德国炮艇1914年11月落入美国控制后，肥前号搜寻其他德国舰船未果。
Hurricane Dennis was very powerful hurricane that reached a peak of 150 mph.
When the Ekumen recontacted the Werelians, the shock spurred one of the Werelian nations, Voe Deo, to develop a space program and settle the other inhabitable planet in the system, Yeowe, transporting a primarily slave population to do so.
，作為毒品用途，是世界上已知的違禁品。
The album spawned three singles "That Ain't Classy", "The Day Doesn't Die" and "Maybe It's Just Me".
此處的帝國多指巴魯特萊茵帝國。
During the 1980s, WTBS focused heavily on movies – running two films during the day, and a movie-exclusive schedule during the nighttime hours after 8:00 p.m., with the exception of sports events.
Menemen Gençlik o yıl bir de gol kralı çıkarttı.
Hurwiczs work was important to help show how large economic systems should be studied.
R.100 series was planned in 1925 and projected 4 aerostats, the R.101 R.100 and would be built simultaneously to be the top seed of the project.
擅長兵器操作，故在小組裡負責招喚忍具作戰。
She went to France during 1920 1933.
It was founded in 1967 by Robert Shaye.
Many politicians, writers, and other leaders have graduated from this school.
The OPCK system of doctrine is the Reformed faith, also called Calvinism.
This causes a discharge of energy.
He painted covers for over 26 years.
Birk formerly played for the Minnesota Vikings and signed a three-year, $12 million contract as a free agent with the Baltimore Ravens.
Some joined the Western Dakota and moved further west to help the Lakota tribes to continue their fight against the U.S. military.
The color should be bright brown or gold.
That crash killed 93 people.
Tam aksine, bir kiriş üzerine uygulanan yan kuvvet moment (
Another tropical wave emerged off Africa near the end of August.
This type of dance involves people pushing each other and jumping off the stage.
Usually they are about 1/2 inch to 1 inch (1.3 to 2.6 cm) in diameter, but they may range from less than 1/30 inch (0.111 cm) to over 3 inches (7.75 cm).
Words like "alum" and "potash" were used before modern chemistry developed.
In Quantitative Chemical Analysis Seventh Edition: 2007 by W.H. Freeman and Company.
This becomes their new home.
Emirates A380 front view (
MNC Media also has other media-based, like movies, radio, talent management, and production house.
In modern-day wars, civilians (people who are not soldiers) are often targets.
Eric Tradd Schneiderman (born December 31, 1954) is an American lawyer and politician.
The highest ranking female dancer in a company was usually called the prima ballerina.
Tradition is the transmission of the early church's life and teaching, as especially recorded in the writings of the Fathers of the Church who lived in the first centuries.
Guar molekülleri, esas olarak moleküllerarası hidrojen bağlanmasına bağlı olarak hidrolik kırma işlemi sırasında bir araya gelme eğilimindedir.
A "dit" (meaning: "spoken") was a poem that was not meant to be sung.
In addition, the number of artists who participated became approximately 180, and it was the most ever since the festival was held.
小说改编为main，于2003年在巴西上映。
The skin is not white; it is black.
To arrive at the same position from different move orders.
It also gave tips on how the country can respond to further attacks.
For protection, catching prey and for making tools, handedness is critical.
Still, hand composition and letterpress printing did not fall completely out of use.
As a result, cockatiels can scare easily, especially when they meet someone or something they do not know.
He asks him to get him a love potion.
调音在喉嚨內的區別是非常難以觀察的，而且還在持續地研究之中，其中仍有幾個被認為可能的組合還未被識別出來。
By 2017, Wilson was facing deportation.
Then Dorner tailed after a couple and killed them into their car on February 3, 2013.
他說，只有全心全意投入，真打才不會浪費感情反復拍。
椎勾突和椎體之間有道額外的後嵴，因此原本的嵴變成分裂狀，
车站原为利辛县主要的客货运车站，客运业务于2014年青阜铁路电气化后停运。
The following tables compare general and technical data.
Many travelers were very afraid of attacks from Native Americans.
Yarış sonunda Lapize sadece dört puan farkla kazanmıştı.
The attack did help the Allies to gather some information.
’nün kuzeyindeki Darboğaz yönüne, Karasu nehri arkasına saldırıya geçti.
，同年去世，有說法指他吐血身亡。
For life to continue, this carbon must be recycled.
俱乐部成立于1926年11月6日，
，中国捐赠了50000上海元的救济款，被布雷维耶称为“仁慈之举”。
The season 2008/09 they played for the first time in the 2. league but next season (2009/10) they could reach the championship and were promoted to the ÖFB-Frauenliga.
It was directed by Andrew Lane.
The friendship is good for them both; they stick up for each other and Kevin even teaches Max to read and learn properly.
Tarihi açıdan, nükleer kuvveti görüngüsel olarak tanımlama görevi zorlu değildi.
，河道全長12公里，流域面積45.
In association football, a clean sheet is given to a team's defence or goalkeeper if they prevent their opponents from scoring any goals during a match.
一个矿工通过交易广播渠道收集交易项目并打包，协议约定了区块速度生成速度而产生的难度目标值，通过不断将调节数和打包的交易数据进行散列运算而算出对应散列值使其满足当时相应的难度目标值，最先计算出调节数的矿工可以将之前获得上一个区块的散列值、交易数据、当前算出对应区块的调节数整合为一个账本区块并广播到账本发布渠道，其他矿工则可以知道新区块已生成并知道该区块的散列值（作为下一个区块的“上一个区块的散列值”），从而放弃当前待处理的区块数据生成并投入到新一轮的区块生成。
This category is for user accounts that have been identified as sockpuppets of Andreasmoi.
后来刘柏君又遭后任县长万景增杀害。
This is a rebus.
For women, traditional clothes are a tl'aakal skirt with a long-sleeve deiji'éé' shirt and shawl with moccasins.
The order contains some 6,010 species.
Industry sector jobs are actually making a product, usually in a factory.
，是伊朗境内阿拉伯人的主要聚集区。
Reality showlar hızlı bir tempo, sansasyonelleştirme, kişileştirme, daha az soyutlama, dramatik çatışmanın artması gibi özelliklere de sahip olabilmektedir.
Some duck species live on the South Georgia and Auckland Islands, which are subantarctic.
It is still not known where she is or what happened to her.
The schools did not last long, but Duncan had admirers who have continued her influence to the present day.
Smiley has been a registered trademark since 1971.
This means the chimpanzee may attack.
Played for the New York Rangers, Detroit Red Wings, Toronto Maple Leafs, and Toronto St. Patricks.
It is also the highest peak of District Islamabad and District Haripur as it is on the boundary of both districts.
'in ödüllü programcısı Rıza Esendemir ile evlendi.
's history book), the temple had begun to be constructed under King Kyeongdeok in 751 and completed in 774. Kim Daeseong, the Prime Minister of Silla, decided to construct this temple in order to cherish the memory of his parents.
's summer season.
Both living and dead plants can soak up water.
It is also called Deerfield House or the U.S. Ambassador's Residence.
In 1995 Bjelland divorced her husband and Crunt broke up. citation In 1999 Bjelland started Katastrophy Wife. citation Babes in Toyland broke up in 2001.
The distance to NGC 5128 (Centaurus A).
Because no indirection was used, the actual value itself was put into the register.
Unlike Aristotle, Plato believed the brain to be the locale for mental processes.
William won, and became king of England.
，資產達142億美元 citation 。
Katara is the only waterbender in her small tribe.
中国地理标识产品的保护，源于1999年推出的的原产地域产品保护制度。
Location of Mandurah in Western Australia.
The North Slope is known for having lots of oil.
Churchill responded with one of his 'Action This Day' written comments.
At 19, he began to seriously pursue a career in music and adopted the stage name J Balvin "El Negocio", which means "the Business" in Portuguese.
In 1996, she had successful singles including Strawberry Wine and How Do I Get There.
It is the fifth-tallest building in Dallas and the 15th-tallest in Texas.
It was a Jewish custom adopted by Islam.
To reach Golaghmuli Valley, a person must take the Gilgit-Chitral road west from Gilgit, and then continue his journey straight by Gupis.
And he won many personal titles.
Another idea that Bramante got from Florence Cathedral was the design for the little stone tower which sits on top of the dome and is called the lantern.
All were slightly older than twenty years.
He was given titles for the highest on base percentage, hit and batting average.
Cobham got into a lot of trouble and was given a less important job.
However, in 1943, the Soviets were about to reach the pre-war borders of Poland before the Allied invasion of Europe got very far.
He is a member of the British Ice Hockey Hall of Fame.
Bayrağın alanı mavi renkte olup, on dokuz yıldız ve altın veya devetüyü renginde yanan bir meşale olacaktır.
The Once-Ler finishes his story.
Trail has a BCHL (British Columbia Hockey League) ice hockey team called the Trail Smoke Eaters.
Kuntala Kumari enrolled herself as a member of ‘Nava Vidhan’, the ‘Brahmo Society’.
He was the son of Ferdinando III Orsini, Duke of Gravina.
The upper surface was designed to cast off rain or water like the shell of a tortoise.
，两班们也可以用他们交换家畜），
Fakat iki tekerlekli Alman nakliye araçları, çamur dolayısıyla hareket edemez duruma düştü.
另有大乘佛经记载释迦族至高无上，皆是菩萨示现 《大方等无想经》这样开示释迦族：“提婆达多。
Southern Athabaskan languages are spoken in the South-western United States.
Early in her career, she had guest roles on television programs, such as Punk'd and Crossing Jordan.
The book was first printed in 1855.
NewsBank has content from more than 2,000 newspaper titles.
An entertainer can perform on stage or television or simply entertain children at parties.
Bilimsel yöntemleri bu şekilde ekarte ederlerken diğer yandan da güvenilir bilgi diye kendi kabullerini rahatça sunmalarındaki tutarsızlığı tekrar deşifre eder.
The stadium was made with real grass.
The word "digital marketing" first came in 1990s and first internet ad in 1994. citation citation Today, digital marketing has become an essential part of advertising with many institutions offering courses due to this demand.
He lost his title to Buster Douglas in 1990.
Then she was married to Ike Jones from 1961 until her death in 1970.
Although a few of his songs are written and sung in English, he does not speak the language.
下了船後，彭明敏一行人在碼頭雇了人力車，向父親的朋友邱醫師家出發。
She is very competitive and confident.
It was sent to General McClellan.
In The Dark Knight Rises, Bane has a mask that only covers the front of his mouth and nose, his eyes can be seen and he had a muffled voice with a Caribbean accent.
It began in March 1977 and ended in September 1984.
İptal edilen maçın tekrarı ertesi yıl, 21 Eylül günü oynandı.
She was also a member of the Weather Underground.
From 2006 to 2009, O'Toole was supported by two other inspectors, Robert Olsen and Gwen M. Boniface.
Bazı ülkelerde ötanazi yasal olmasa da, ötanazi faili cezaya çarptırılmaz.
，自始至终没有对陆地产生影响。
Cobalt-60 is created in accelerators and is used in hospitals.
The significance and economic impact of coronaviruses is hard to assess.
The New Zealand Red Cross is also involved.
Smart, calm, patient, inspiring, modest.
It is also the responsibility of the Medical Social Worker to manage any dispute in the multidisciplinary team.
As of 2016, it's the largest production of garlic in the world.
Albümle aynı isimli Sahici şarkısına ikinci klip çekilmiş, şarkı birçok Türkçe Top Müzik listesinde liste başı olmuştur.
ABD'ye göç eden bir Macar olan Zsuzsanna Budapest, Kuzey Amerika'da popüler olan Dianic Wicca olarak bilinen Vikan mezhebinin kurucusudur.
He returned to the top of the UK singles chart in 2006 with a remix hit of his 1977 single, "Thunder in my Heart ".
Generally, they are friendly people in that they will wave to someone passing by.
In 2011, head of the Ministry of Finance is Peter Tschenscher (CDU).
God gives him more than he had before.
In 1908 he joined the Independent Labour Party.
In some cases this was achieved by placing the Victoria line platforms on either side of the existing station.
Another easy option is to drive less.
The seeded teams are drawn against the unseeded teams, with the seeded teams hosting the second leg.
It was introduced in 2004, replacing the old Second Division.
With Sport-Club he became Austrian champion 1922 and Cup winner 1923.
The lesser roadrunner's wings and tail are covered with black, brown and white feathers, and it has a yellowish-white belly.
SAGE AN/FSQ-7電腦。
This is normally used in the science world.
Edward Evan Evans-Pritchard retired in 1970 and was knighted in 1971, a great honor in his native Great Britain.
在塞琉古帝國衰敗中提馬克斯兄弟貢獻良多。
Deneyleri başarılı olur ve ölü bir erkeği diriltmeyi başarırlar fakat dirilen kişi saldırgan bir tutum sergilemektedir.
They lived in Favoriten where Matthias started playing football with Hertha Vienna from 1918 to 1924.
When Al Davis came in as head coach and general manager, the Raiders got better.
片中有超过15个角色，这些演员大多与导演多次合作。
His parents were Field Marshal Pin Chunhawan and Lady Wiboonlak Chunhawan.
For almost half that time he was bedridden as a result of an attempt to kill him.
The ground is located near the border between the two Birmingham inner-city suburbs of Aston and Witton, and is at the northern edge of Aston Park.
It was given with a limited edition PSP Slim & Lite.
Saçu veya Saçıl da denir.
This was called the Fort Wilson riot.
The Government Of Telegana has launched several welfare schemes such as the Amma Vodi scheme (for poor and pregnant scheme), Single Women Pension scheme and KCR kit scheme for pregnant women and new born.
鄭方城（1678年－1746年），
The sealed ampoule is then put in an oven and given a specified heat treatment.
过去天鹅岛无人居住，但现在有旅馆。
The properties of planets around giant stars.
Logo的方言NetLogo、StarLogo进一步深化了Logo的海龟绘图概念，可以产生出成百上千个独立的海龟（被称为代理）
If this result is correct, the bone belongs to a previously unknown species.
As a prophet, Zechariah would not have questioned this response because he would have known that Allah is the provider of all things in life and, indeed, of life itself.
Therefore, before he died, he gave a blessing to all the twelve tribes of Israel.
He resigned from WWE in May 2005 and intended to open his own training school in his hometown of Calgary, the Storm Wrestling Academy.
Chapter 1: Overview of the Immune System.
For this reason, there are a number of rules about the correct behaviour in a mosque.
相反，他们更注重詹姆斯对主角和配角的人物塑造手法。
……十一年春正月癸丑，詔「京師見繫囚，詳所原遣」。
She lives here, with her husband, Louis Zorich.
兒童池、室內運動場館及兒童遊戲室等。
Using the setup of a liquid-based system, here the IT apparatus can be cooled by using water, or alternative cooling liquids to be pumped at server or rack level: cold plates are located as close as possible to the heat generating components.
Her real name was Inseon.
Because of the expensive housing price, people in northern Taiwan have no choice but cut their desire to have babies.
，位于马坪支流上，建于1966年。
區議員趙家賢與警員要求調停期間，遭到粗言辱罵，並嘲笑他「冇咗隻耳聽唔到」。
Lake Chad is economically important.
Hérail, René James and Edwin A. Lovatt, Dictionary of Modern Colloquial French, p. 194. The term "lifted" is also used.
，改建成現今兩線或三線分隔雙程的路面。
There are a lot of different communities in Geneva.
帝恚曰：『嚮未罪元標，致儁復爾，當重懲之。
;自流及源 :古之欲明明德於天下者，先治其國；欲治其國者，先齊其家；欲齊其家者，先修其身；欲修其身者，先正其心；欲正其心者，先誠其意；欲誠其意者，先致其知。
However, with its vast extension it provides more than 4000 techniques and skills which with good mastery enable the warrior to stop an attack.
He told the Commodore that he should "wade ashore" if his "fleet" was ever in danger.
Web feeds are designed to be machine readable, so there is no requirement that they be destined only for user consumption.
The State Library of Victoria is one of the largest exhibiting libraries in the world.
他亦曾分别两次担任军械总局局长（Master-General of the Ordnance）
Most people feel uneasy or ashamed when they are nude (outside a social context where this is acceptable).
Şti. faaliyete başladı.
Michael Randall of New York for their actions during the battle.
全省新增确诊病例包括：武汉市314例、黄冈市16例、荆州市6例、黄石市5例、随州市4例、十堰市3例、仙桃市3例、襄阳市2例、孝感市2例、荆门市2例、鄂州市2例、咸宁市2例、恩施州1例、天门市1例、潜江市1例、神农架林区1例，监狱1例。
Displeased with ill-fame attributed him, Peisley wrote the editor of the Bathurst Free Press and Mining Journal by letter dated “Fish River, 4th September, 1861.”
In 1664, France finally succeeded at establishing a permanent settlement at Cayenne.
The Traralgon regional line follows on from this line.
Animals still live in the Tomioka "no-go zone".
It is situated on the river Metuje.
Andrycz was the wife of Józef Cyrankiewicz.
香炉在中国民间流传非常广泛，其中有一类的形状与先秦的铜鼎或铜鬲十分相像 ，
He thought segregation made black Americans feel inferior.
İlçemizde hayvancılık, tarım alanı içinde ekonomik değer bakımından en önemlisidir.
The queen will have lost around 50% of her body weight.
He was a courier on the eastern front.
Eventually he formed his own band "The Five".
，讥讽后者不懂得管治州属，也没有治理州属的资格。
He starts to worry that she may not want him any more.
She met some of the leading 20th century figures who worked with the company.
Henry’s war with France and Somerset’s war with France and Scotland cost England huge sums of money.
They are learning to deal with each other again.
'da Ed Roberts tarafından kurulan bilgisayar şirketidir.
The Endeavour River is very wide at its mouth where it meets the sea.
Act II takes place several years later.
From there the Great Kill went through the low-lying Reed Valley, known for fish and other water animals.
The males sing for the females.
In late 1986 after Turner Broadcasting System split into two companies; Turner Broadcasting System and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
縱使格鬥遊戲類型風光不再， 這段期間街機市場和格鬥遊戲在日本仍然有一定的支持率，並維持到今日。
In this category go inherited conditions which make life worse for people who carry those genes.
The league has 20 teams.
、1249名运动员，其中有1211名男子运动员和38名女子运动员参加了此次运动会。
The website was supported by advertising.
The referee continued to count, however, and awarded the match to Andre.
Pallapugno leggera is played in courtfield which has same size of volleyball's courtfield without net (device).
」演唱了《靜默之川》 citation 。10月27日，組合登上了「main」演唱了《靜默之川》 citation ，並與組合main合唱了《
İlk Belediye seçimini 2 Haziran 1990 tarihinde yapılan yerel ara seçimi ile yaptı.
Eventually, a breach would appear in the fabric of the wall.
Türkçe dersi verip kendisi de onların dilini öğrenerek ortak bir dile ulaşmaya çalışır.
国史撰有《任城王旧事》三卷，晋初珍藏在持宫秘阁中」 《拾遺記‧卷七》：「任城王彰，武帝之子也。
That was the thirteenth time John won the title (which is a record) and the sixteenth time he won a world championship.
Maximum expansion of the celts in light green, about 300 BC.
A color code is when there is much information in the color of certain item.
On Green beach at the same time that No. 4 Commando had landed, the South Saskatchewan Regiment went towards Pourville.
It’s called 'the "Sunday Times" when it makes the news on a Sunday.
，但足以令他在积分上再次超过埃德伯格，重回王座。
It started at 10:59 a.m. Pacific Standard Time (PST) on December 2, 2015.
List of races won by nationality of driver.
曰錦衣衞，曰旗手衞，曰金吾前衞，曰金吾後衞，曰羽林左衞，曰羽林右衞，曰府軍衞，曰府軍左衞，曰府軍右衞，曰府軍前衞，曰府軍後衞，曰虎賁左衞，是為上十二衞，洪武中置。
His daughter, Agata Tuszyńska (born 1957), also became a journalist.
The Puerta del Sol (Sun Gate) is known as 'Spain's belly button'.
He wrestled on occasions.
Ozai concludes that the only way to defeat their resistance is to use the power of Sozin's Comet to increase the Fire Nation's power.
During most of the 20th century (1900-1999), the Republic of Ireland was over 90% Catholic.
When Spontini died Meyerbeer was made Generalmusikdirektor in Berlin.
He was the second Prime Minister of Ceylon.
; the last two listed are sometimes considered parts of the first three.
Rose had helped to make Phillip leader of the colony.
）12月4日：隨著荒屋新町站成為業務委託車站，不再派遣車站職員至此站。
It was distributed by Koch-Lorber Films.
These clipboards are used very often and are usually made of metal.
John Winthrop, the founder of the Massachusetts Bay Colony, continued to work on the colony, and improve it any possible way.
This may have been where the Rus' took their name.
Sundre became a village in 1950 and a town in 1956.
There are more than 29,000 rivers in Perm Krai.
So he went on to Red Bull Salzburg in 2011.
She appeared in many movies and television series, including Blankenese, The Old Fox, Der Kriminalist, Soundless and Die Zürcher Verlobung.
The volcano erupted in June 1991, destroying thousands of buildings and houses and killing over 800 people.
，開始於網上發佈個人作品，參與不同類型的演出。2020年加入唱片公司私人國，6月10日正式出道 citation 。
The most recent movie she was in was Inland Empire (2006).
高激发电子被转移到一个受体分子上，
They were added from 1928 to today.
這個逼近率顯著提高只使用 這類函數的小波分析的最佳 項估計率。
The fleece coat is usually wavy and long and has a silky feel to it.
Arnold Thackray (born 30 July 1939) is an English science historian.
Firstly, birds were sent to see if the mud was dry.
They thought that staff were enjoying their work so that customers would as well.
哈耶克在1992年於德國弗賴堡去世，
'de hazırlandığına işaret eder.
There are also docks for shipping.
而遊戲內容更新增了「情報機關」，可執行多種情報工作，如竊取科技藍圖、刺殺他國內閣、顛覆他國政權、破壞他國工業、科技研發等等，使遊戲更為全面、豐富。
以「讀者投票」與「唱片銷量市調」兩項成績，按比例計算總分來產生榜單。
In this scene the characters who walk to the graveyard are seen with dead, skeletal faces.
In 1999 Lostprophets were signed to a record label called Visible Noise.
Two of Hurt's songs were included in the album The Anthology of American Folk Music and an Australian found a copy of Avalon Blues.
If he had no heirs then his older half-sister, Mary, was to be Queen.
In doing so, the Flyers became the first expansion team to win the Cup in the post-
In 1986 he received a diploma from the Higher School of Cinematographic Research.
也因为如此，柬埔寨公民将他称为“独立之父（ព្រះមហាវីរបុរសជាតិ - ព្រះបិតាឯករាជ្យជាតិ）”，以表扬其为柬埔寨独立所做出的贡献 citation 。
It was based on the real life Luther Kelly.
Filmin senaryosu da Mete tarafından yazılmıştır.
The common name for this species is the eastern copperhead.
An idealized thermometer is a sample of an ideal gas at constant pressure.
He lost all of his possessions in the great Chicago fire.
He was the Iowa State Senator from the 34th District.
'un ele geçirilen bu verileri kullandığını, veri sahibi kişilerin kişisel bilgilerinin şirketler tarafından satıldığından ve politikacılar tarafından satın alındığından habersiz olduğunu bildirdi.
After retiring from the Senate, Mansfield served as U.S. Ambassador to Japan from 1977 to 1988.
She had ruled with her husband, Charles I of Austria, from 1916 to 1918.
He was the Emir from 1995 to 2013.
He was afraid she was going to turn him in to the police.
More than forty-two well-known Bollywood stars from yesteryear and today appear in the course of the movie, including thirty-one of them (not including the stars of the movie) in one song alone.
Sometimes signing and lip-reading are combined, especially when deaf and hearing people are talking to each other.
、 C形夾 、 螺旋千斤頂 等等。
It was called Castell Deudraeth.
This is done to minimize incompatibilities in connectors produced by different vendors (a goal that has been very successfully achieved).
Benaud studied at Parramatta High School.
However, even by 1983 the acoustic coupler was out of date.
Drach took part in literary evenings where innovative poems were read.
S Pen觸控筆也具有類似電腦滑鼠（PC Mouse-like）的多選功能，與Note 4相同。
Complex organisms, such as animals or plants, cannot live in these environments.
The Galil's design is supposed to make it work well in warm weather.
In the third edition, substance abuse was made its own issue.
He placed 14th at the Olympics.
She was also well-known for the song "Är du kär i mej ännu Klas-Göran?"
It is silvery in color.
在能美線和北陸本線之間，設有讓貨車通過的聯絡線。
日內瓦會議6月18日達成《關於柬埔寨和老撾停止敵對行動的協議》，隨後宣佈休會；7月6日，周恩來一行回到北京，當晚毛在中南海住處召開會議，聽取周關於日內瓦會議進展情況之報告 : 96-98 。
Music I can dance to.
夜間戰鬥機利用這個訊號就可以很方便的找出轟炸機的位置加以攻擊。
Ham gave an example of biological adaptation.
Thus the Venetian and Ottoman frontiers met and border wars were incessant.
'ta onun komutan yardımcısı olarak atandı.
Colin Greenwood played bass guitar.
In the East the Germans tried to attack the Grebbe Line by using the other division of X. AK, 227. Infanteriedivision.
。2013年视频在聚光灯频道上的宣传攻势，帮助2013版节目仅在数小时内便被观看100多万次 citation 。
Some people also call molasses sorghum syrup.
世界運動會（簡稱世運會或世運）
This means that it is very likely (over 90%) that the child of an autistic person will also be on the autism spectrum.
Thus, the Senate in Pakistan, over the years, has emerged as an essential organ and a stabilizing factor of the federation.
After its theatrical run, the film was nominated for and won several awards, including two National Film Awards.
The best known opera was one by Giovanni Bertati and Giuseppe Gazzaniga.
其中，中书省和门下省为决策机构，尚书省则为执行机构。
Such lenses are good at focussing sharply on a small area approaching the size of the film frame.
The name Gili simply means "small island" in the local Sasak language.
The 2nd Foreign Parachute Regiment of the French Foreign Legion is based in Calvi.
The entire CD can be copied to and run from memory (if the system has sufficient RAM) increasing speed.
She asks a witch to help her.
The school is the largest Catholic secondary school in New Zealand.
Khil became known to the international audience in 2010 when a 1976 recording of him singing a version of the song "I Am Glad, 'Cause I'm Finally Returning Back Home".
The rice paddies are visible throughout the movie.
Herakles blocked one of the two openings to the cavern with nets, then entered the cavern.
The collection of autographs is called 'philography'.
On 6 April, government said that 2,432 people had recovered; this is more than a third of the total number of cases.
He still used the "Jupiter" theme from the planets but also used two additional verses of his own to pay homage to his father who marched in the Bataan Death March.
It was founded in 1960.
Public accommodations are private organizations or people which own, lease, or run places meant for the public to use.
Companies with headquarters in the area include Valero and NuStar Energy.
He was best known for his 1990 hit single, "I'll Be Your Everything".
The positively biased article would discuss 'lives saved' by guns, numbers of crimes prevented by civilian gun use, and other facts and data that put gun ownership and guns in a good light.
沈钧儒、章乃器、史良等人在南京招待新闻界，介绍救国会的主张，要求新闻界多登载救国运动消息，推进抗日救国运动 。
That was the third highest in their history.
In late-July 2016 the recording of a new Bert film was announced.
He remained friends with the Slayer members, and when asked if he would work with them in the future, he replied "sure".
All of the album's four singles reached number one.
The line goes through the points ( 1,1,2) and (1,4,1).
Şarkı, 1987 yılında remiks albümü "You Can Dance"te ve 1990'da "The Immaculate Collection"da yer almıştır.
Chopsticks are sometimes different in those countries.
晚年（1890–1891年）致力於回憶錄的寫作。
In June 2001, Weather Center's name no longer featured the "AM/PM" distinction.
Contestants may stop with the money they have so far before any game.
It has since shipped over 500,000 copies in the United States.
The railroad workers were working night and day to complete the railway.
The new station was raised up and was not at ground level.
如果其中一個人要成為教宗，他必須要得到樞機選舉人最少二分之一的支持票。
An inning is over after three outs.
The male performers were also referred to as "Extremists" as opposed to Superstars, and female performers were called "Vixens" instead of Divas.
左将军，中华民国南京临时政府军队军衔制中的军官军衔称号，是上等官佐中的第二个级别。
Ancak grup üyeleri, şarkıların yapımcısı olan ikiliden sağ kalan üye Anandji Virji Shah'a erişemedi.
Illegal draft evasion is said to have characterized every military conflict of the 20th and 21st centuries.
She wrote and revised three important novels and began a fourth.
In Asia, the club won the champions 1999–2000 Asian Cup Winners' Cup which is their first Asian champions.
The data is taken from the census of 1980 as provided by James J. Fox and Peter Gardiner and published by S.A. Wurm and Shiro Hattori, eds.
It is known for its sandy beach and ancient ruins.
絕大多數脂質A是由一個葡萄糖胺二糖構成的。
In the Southern Ocean, Nickel concentrations from 0-500m range from 5.67 nmol/kg of seawater to 6.51 nmol/kg of seawater.
This achievement reflects high credit on himself and the military service.
The view that a game of chess should end in a draw given best play prevails.
按照《见义勇为人员奖励和保护条例条例》第二条和《实施办法》第四条规定，见义勇为行为的法律特征主要有：
White Lion made a new album called Return of the Pride in 2008.
Polytecnic, and won the Vienna chess championship in 1861 with a score of 31/32.
The Hathaway Dinwiddie Construction Company built the new buildings citation starting in August 1989.
He also lived in Ossining, New York. citation He had three sons.
Ultimately, however, it was resolved, at the 49th parallel.
下颌前端各有一突起，兩突起之間成明顯的凹陷。
In 2001, the Chute was modified to such that the NASCAR circuit measured convert long.
A total of 59 people were killed in Sinaloa.
Pain can also happen when there is no underlying injury or cause.
Her song "Gold" was released in late 2012.
The defenders mostly abandoned their positions.
Twyman M. Printing 1770 1970: an illustrated history of its development and uses in England.
Letitia Tyler, wife of the President John Tyler was a semi-invalid lady.
The picture at the bottom was taken with a very small aperture, whereas the picture at the top was taken with a big aperture.
From Tom Nooks shop, you can buy wallpaper, carpets, roof paint (to change your roof's color), furniture, tools (such as fishing rods, nets, axes and spades), writing paper and seeds.
İzoniyazid verilmesi tedavi süresini kısaltmaz ve verilmesi önerilmez.
Moscow 1994, p13 et seq "An excursion into history".
He was a science pioneer in the semiconductor industry.
They're in the middle of the seven Weasley children.
Mary set up Camp 5 under Jonathan's direction.
Wood engraving in The National Police Gazette (1886 May 22), p. 16.
After legal adoption the adoptive parent(s) have all rights and responsibilities to the child.
In August 2000, Tsien also served the Section Chair of Neurobiology of the United States National Academy of Sciences.
"The Fox and the Hound 2": DVD, 2006 - credits for songs as listed at the end of the movie.
There are mostly places for people to live and few businesses.
Which is owned by the Consumers' Association.
His health suffered, and he had trouble supporting his wife and children.
She died on 27 August 1758 in Aranjuez, Spain.
Go-Toba was buried on Dōgo Island in the Oki Islands group.
The dog does very bad at the race.
Typically it is then a 3-way speaker.
The Haber process produces about 500 million tons (453 billion kilograms) of fertilizer every year.
It was released in April 1964.
Just after the war ended, Sakaguchi Ango (坂口安吾) published a book called Idiocy (白痴) about the strange life in Japan after the bombing and losing the war.
There it can mate.
These deaths made the guerrillas in Missouri angry.
Firearm muzzle blast may be masked by background noise during daytime.
Old-fashioned bell parachutes were opened by pulling a rip cord.
He finished third in the 50 meter S7 freestyle race and the 4 x 50 meter 20 points medley relay race.
千代壽丸一行抵達山口境內大藏山東麓，夜宿於琉璃光寺。
、女性史的學術研究，讓赫德嘉成為一個焦點人物，特別是她所創作的音樂。
Both acidic kettle bogs and fresh water kettles are important ecological niches for some symbiotic (mutually dependent) species of flora and fauna.
The current Prime Minister is Sali Berisha.
In the region's many rivers over 400 species of fish have been found.
Add on a triangle which makes the figure a -sided polygon, and that increases the count of the angles by 180 degrees degrees.
，曾參與升平四年（359年）謝萬潰敗的那次北伐行動 《晉書·謝萬傳》：既而先遣征虜將軍劉建修治馬頭城池，自率眾入渦潁，以援洛陽。
If a problem is solvable in one such language, then it is solvable in all of those.
This allowed the claws to remain sharp by protecting them from wear when walking.
Star-forming regions with bright O and B stars make up the Gould Belt.
They are sold under the secondary brand names Boston and Essex.
Panoramic view of the Cuenca Cathedral.
It is in the "Abaco Out Islands".
The club also won 1986 Asian Club Championship.
Maria Louise Ramé (although she preferred to be known as Marie Louise de la Ramée).
Liquid sodium model of geophysical core convection.
Musa Ibrahim was a student of Thakurgaon Sugar Mills High School during 1983 to 1994.
In- is also a prefix that can mean the opposite of, like with transparent, intransparent.
It is one of the most popular pieces of music for cello and orchestra.
He was sent to Earth to kill Superman.
The basic rules are the same as for single duels, both share life points, field and graveyard.
When at home, her base for training was Raubichi.
嗣德三十三年（1881年），列祀忠義祠。
About 3 million Russian citizens consider themselves to be Ukrainians.
With Gou as the manager and Makoto as the captain, the Iwatobi Swim Club needed one more thing to complete their team, a fourth member.
It is also one of the least developed and poorest countries in the world.
Miller's Crossing earned back only $5 million.
The ratio of axises of the Juliet's prolate spheroid is 0.5 ± 0.3, which is rather an extreme value.
The fourth time was in the 2012 Wimbledon Championships, when he lost to Roger Federer again.
Giles takes the place of the father in Buffy.
Although singers train to get a wide range (good top and bottom notes) they cannot be expected to sing any role in their voice range.
This category is for pages relating to fishing.
In the match, Mysterio used a headscissors takedown to throw Aguayo out of the ring.
In Western writings, it is common to name all ancient Iranians as Persian, although some of them were not of the Persian culture, and did not speak the Persian language.
Its heritage coast is around 35 miles (56 km) long, stretching from Staithes to Flamborough.
Rome Total War'dan farklı olarak her tür ajan, farklı yöntemler ile suikast girişiminde bulunabilmektedir.
Megascopic eukaryotic algae from the 2.1-billion-year-old negaunee iron-formation, Michigan.
It was titled American Vampire: Survival of the Fittest.
The charge is named after Maj. Gen. George Pickett.
Once Again A Model: Nordic Social Democracy in a Globalized World.
He said he has taken the "heartbreaking" decision to stop after finding he could no longer remember his lines.
，男女青年经常对歌，有人甚至说壮族人一生唱歌的时间比说话的时间长。
King Ælla of Northumbria, Halfdan son of King Haraldr Hárfagri of Norway, King Edmund, King Maelgualai of Munster, and possibly Archbishop Ælfheah of Canterbury are all believed to have been victims of the torture method.
Cami mimarisine birçok yenilik katmış, hatta çok sonra Anadolu camilerini plan yönünden etkilemiştir.
"The old name for Creevykeel is Caiseal a' Bhaoisgin (the Fort of Bhaoisgin), Bhaoisgin being the well near the cairn."
The Tundra was first sold in 2000.
Eski boksör yeni lokanta sahibi Rocky'nin oğlu ile de sıkıntılı bir yaşamı vardır.
The colors represent all the "fur colors and nationalities around the world."
Their seat count went up by 150 compared to the 2011 federal election.
It is the 89th highest mountain in the world.
The song was released on the album Queen Rocks and it was also released as a double a-side single with "Tie Your Mother Down".
The idea was known as Dolchstoßlegende (stab-in-the-back myth).
In Class 6 climbs, people use equipment to help them climb.
It also provides disaster broadcasting as the public broadcasting.
Despite the mixed opinions, Boys For Pele was successful world-wide.
They have control upper chief part of body but poor lower chief part control and cannot turn.
In 1994, the people of Oregon voted to pass the Death with Dignity Act.
In the Garden there is a Botanical Museum in a building of the Brâncovenesc style, located near the entrance gate, where more than 5,000 plant species are displayed, including 1,000 exotic plants.
书写国家历史是民族主义史学家的职责；这意味着回顾国家的历史，需要塑造的也是一个民族主义的历史。
The story was greatly changed in parts.
Before then, the chefs have one minute to get ingredients out of a pantry.
It is the busiest English station outside London, and the UK's second busiest station outside London after Glasgow Central.
The existence of arcs is very hard to understand because the laws of motion would predict that arcs spread out into a single ring in a very short time.
She forgets to pick up Yuki from school, who is left alone with Souhei while the other students are retrieved.
Matsui was the second Japanese American from the U.S. mainland elected to the US Congress.
Queen Marie never managed to acquire any political influence.
Fauna of British India: Mammals, volume 2. London: Taylor and Francis.
London has a temperate climate with regular, light rain throughout the year.
Lora is connected with Abbottabad by the Ghora Gali- Shah Maqsood road, the travelling time from Abbottabad is about 3 hours by Bus and two hours by car.
His most famous role was Boris Godunov.
因為威尼斯的交通路線大都沿著運河兩岸，所以直到19世紀，
The market measure for e-commerce is expected to equal Tk 70 billion by 2021.
A singlet carbene contains an empty p orbital and a roughly sp 2 hybrid orbital that has two electrons.
Ailesinin daha faydalı bir branş isteğine karşın Washington University in St.
Mall of America (founded by John Scott & Benjamin Clark) has a gross area of 4.2 million square feet (390,000 m²), with 2.5 million sq ft.
It can infect other devices connected to their networks.
If no Vice Presidential candidate gets a majority, the Senate chooses from the two candidates who got the most votes.
This branch is black with the organic matter picked up by the river.
There are different methods of secure secret sharing techniques.
Jacob Franklin Butcher (1936 July 19, 2017) was an American banker and politician.
However, by 2006, Prada had sold both.
He is best known for the Lewis Countergambit and for being the first player ever to be described as a Grandmaster of the game.
）以北置烽候一千八百所，711年解琬又奏请裁减三受降城戍兵10万人。
They have no double bonds, while unsaturated fat has one or two.
In the 2005 census the city reported a population of 387,879.
The tagline for WrestleMania 22 was "Big Time".
In other countries, people who strike are protected under certain conditions.
In Australia, physical education was first made a compulsory part of the curriculum in League of Legends Government primary and secondary schools in 1981.
It was an important place for trade.
，先後逮捕相關聯的支部成員等牽連多達378人。
Whoever has had the ring will die.
Sid's last match in the WWF/E was June 9, 1997.
Usually, both ends of the train have engineer's cabins.
Bellamy (2007), 549. Paulus was taken prisoner.
昔日的华籍英兵關超，自兵团解散后游走于几个黑帮堂口，以走私金钱龟及水货为生。
They have a long circadian cycle and they do not entrain.
Different types of molecular structures can result in conjugation.
It became their breakthrough release.
Alberto Santofimio to the Colombian Attorney General Mario Iguaran.
The National League award, without these restrictions, lasted from 1924 to 1929.
It was created on 27 August 1991.
Several formerly untackled issues have been identified and addressed within IMPS, which was developed as part of an early mobile telephone industry initiative to kick off a broader usage of mobile instant messaging.
"Family Ardeidae (Herons)" in del Hoyo, Josep; Elliott, Andrew; Sargatal, Jordi: Handbook of the Birds of the World.
SuperCollider is a programming language designed especially for sound and music.
Many people didn't like Gravemind's first design.
Woman playing a bass shawm, (Tobias Stimmer around.
They have a different song then the daytime levels.
Yorktown s dive bombers reached the Japanese carriers at 10:32.
Grades 2 (BMI 35-39.9) and 3 (40+) obesity are associated with much higher rates of death.
His religion was listed as Lutheran.
Hatta Beşir Ağa'yı sürgüne göndermek için hazırlattığı çekdiriye de kendisi bindirilip hemen İstanbul'dan ayrılması sağlandı.
It is black and has different kinds of yellow spots or stripes.
Gojra Tehsil is a part (
The base releases Na + and OH - ions.
The Greeks fled to the Aegean Sea to be transferred to Greece.
Thus, you have to follow the safety rules when you are working on these places.
She won the Canadian Film Award for best actress for the first two.
HD 80950，又名CP-74 580，SAO 256600、HR 3721，是一颗恒星 ，视星等为5.
Japonya ihaleye girdi, fakat kazanamadı, ancak Türkiye'ye 1971 ve 1978'de kredi yardımı yaptı.
由於747-100SR的燃油負載量少了20%，因此多出的空量能夠強化機翼、機身和機輪結構 citation 。747-100SR在1973年10月7日投入服務 ，至1975年共生产7架。
Washington, D.C.: National Academy of Sciences, National Research Council.
"When I saw Hadley again, I wished I had died before I ever loved anyone but her.
The death of a civilian and of a perpetrator are confirmed, but many more victims are suspected, citation while several more are injured, citation with one of them a police officer.
The latter is much like a crash cymbal popped inside out with the screw and sponge holding it to the stand inside it, so it has a shallow bowl shape.
He chaired the Freedom Caucus from 2017 to 2019.
They released their first album If You Leave in 2013, which reached 16 in the UK Albums Chart.
They thought that the MO operation was going to lead to an invasion of the Australian mainland.
There is even a yōkai dictionary.
One type is called standard Zulu, and it is taught in schools.
该组织的主席是芭芭拉·菲格罗亚（智利共产党党员）。
In 2000, the Union of Arab writers in Egypt included his novel Al-Mu`alîm `Ali (Master Alí) among the hundred best Arabic novels in history.
從此對於學校教授的醫學不感興趣。
From 1830- 1885 another wave of persecutions decimated the Catholic population.
Its volume is convert.
〉；11月16日開放鈴聲片段下載，12月2日開放鈴聲全曲下載。
Sir Macfarlane Burnet, a Nobel laureate from Australia, coined the phrase "the Hayflick limit" for the first time in his book Intrinsic mutagenesis: a genetic approach to ageing, published in 1974.
"In the spirit of candor, we have been challenged."
He played the main character in the 1998 movie Slam.
The prokaryotes: a handbook on the biology of bacteria.
Juliet's cousin Tybalt confronts Romeo, angry that he sneaked into the party.
They also feed on some insects, a lot of times cicadas, because of their size that'll fill a copperhead up.
Jim called out her name, causing Edward to jump, and he accidentally cut Kim's hand.
They have to be careful not to invest too much in improvements.
In Asia, the club won the champions 2008 AFC Champions League and the 3rd place 2008 Club World Cup.
In 2002 Tañón toured many countries, including Venezuela, Panama and the United States.
」後來呂布戰敗遭擒，張遼亦成為戰俘，於白門樓上表現剛烈，罵呂布為「匹夫」，大呼曹操為「國賊」，視死如歸。
For this reason the HGNC changes a gene name only if agreement for that change can be got from most researchers working on that gene.
In temples to Sobek, live crocodiles were kept in pools to honor him.
The border is about six kilometres west of the mount.
Sprint was officially discontinued on August 2, 2020.
In 1922, he received the Nobel prize for Physics for his explanation of the photoelectric effect in 1905.
It was established in 1924.
The Newport–Bermuda Yacht Race is a more than 100-year-old tradition.
Chairman Robert Chase said that "Coming to a football match within the City Stand is very much like going to the theatre – the only difference being that our stage is covered with grass".
This makes Nepal the country with the most public holidays.
Initially, not much difference could be heard.
，专门教小孩子打球 citation citation 。
It was on TV from April 9, 2009 to February 24, 2015, with a special reunion episode airing on April 30, 2020.
Majd and 83 prisoners received their freedom, in a prisoner exchange with the Syrian opposition.
The Dutch forced about 2,000 local island people to move to Kayeli Bay.
Shoji has four extra, webbed arms growing from his shoulders.
They commonly compete for food with silky sharks, often presenting aggressive displays.
The following season saw Vézina return to leading the league in fewest goals against.
Both of these words are often found in neighbouring counties, but Devon has the greatest number.
The truth behind the mysteries of the innocent child’s and the mother’s life will be unveiled during the journey of the mother-daughter duo.
Given the number of casualties, the importance of the island's capture citation is controversial.
In 1969 a columnist of the Lansing State Journal encouraged residents to raise money for the zoo.
毛泽东沉默，会议陷入僵局，不得不中途更换主持人。
It covers an area of 2.5 km².
He was skilled at scoring in the air, even when fouled by the opponent, and at converting traditional three-point plays.
Akatlar 'da ki mağaza yine yalnızca maç günleri açıktır ve Basketbol ağırlıklı ürünler satılmaktadır.
The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Georgia") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
In this soup, organic compounds, the building blocks of life, could have formed.
Hippolytus of Rome knew Sabellius personally and mentioned him in the Philosophumena.
Its name was first recorded as Leipzig Castle (Leipziger Burg) in 1015, and the official founding of the city occurred later in 1165.
It can be made using a strip of paper by gluing the two ends together with a half-twist.
V, § 1. the head of the executive department of Nevada's state government and the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces.
王磊9岁开始学棋，1989年入段成为职业棋手，1999年升为八段，
San Rafael High School is believed to be the start of the term "420".
However, by banding together, they were able to persuade the studio to more than double their salaries.
Very soon afterwards, Obrecht died of the plague.
Later, they were driven by steam.
，例如：《乐善堂文集》《钦定御制诗》中，乾隆帝充分提及自己12岁時開始晉見皇祖康熙帝，並得寵愛眷顧養育宮中。
She was elected a fellow of the Royal Society of Literature in 1985 citation and awarded their Benson Medal in 2004.
Tearing it down was a slow process.
He played 28 games in the league until 1967.
，使錦鯉成為了巴轆公園的特色之一 citation citation 。
He lived at a time when the standard of music in England had become very bad.
It is completely white but it only takes one hour to turn black.
It asks for the Right view and the right intention, as well as other things.
画中落款为：“八十六岁齐璜”。
Fen Fakültesi'nde tamamladı.
These restaurants are quick-service eateries.
Peter Hans Docter (born October 9, 1968) is an American animator, director, producer, screenwriter and voice actor.
The large primary gathers light, and the small secondary reflects the light out the back of the primary mirror.
Its orbit is too far from Vesta for it to actually be a member of the Vesta family It is not clear how it came at an orbit so far from Vesta, but other examples of V-type asteroids fairly far from their parent body are known.
She appears in the 2002-2016 movie series as the main heroine.
The Secretary, the Sergeant-at-Arms, and the Chaplain are not members of the Legislature.
He finds the money Sarah has taken from Beth and holds it until he is convinced nothing is wrong.
I. A major hurricane hit near Portsmouth, North Carolina on July 12. Two ships were capsized, killing their entire crews.
According to the theory, introverts get energy from inside themselves (ideas and concepts in their own minds), and extroverts get energy from outside of themselves (interacting with other people).
HD 37462，又名CP-58 526，SAO 234037、HR 1930，是一颗恒星 ，视星等为6.
他是邦特拉圖書館的館長，亦是神溺教團口中「天國」的真身。
She was in the 1991 remake movie Cape Fear.
A win would earn the team 3 points, a draw would earn them 1 point, and a loss earns them no points.
They had to work fast to purify it before it was lost because of radioactive decay.
Gandhi had profound effect on Patel’s politics and thoughts.
In the aftermath of the earthquake 259 people were confirmed killed while more than 1,400 were confirmed injured.
Annesi ona "Siyahi bebeğiniz olursa ne yapacaksınız?"
》只有在未積極地投入到無窮無盡的奇怪事物表中時，它才會吸引人，這些事物是如何厭倦杜皮爾的主要證明。
Maharbal said back, "It is true that no one is perfect.
Lee owns two cats named Stella and Shermie.
's "Isla Nublar", is the park Jurassic World as it was imagined at the start.
In 2001 there were 471 people living in Kirkbampton.
The average temperature for the year in Rivera is convert.
De Corral "The Experience of Art" (Sanatın Deneyimi) isimli bölümü organize ederek eski ustalardan gençlere kadar 41 sanatçının işini sergilemiştir.
）（的Saflex-品牌PVB），可樂麗，歐洲公司 citation （
Vomitoxin and the fungi that make it cost farmers money.
The second wave of anti-Italian violence took place after occupation of Slav army in May 1945.
Oyunlarda bir oyuncunun, oyun sırasında düşmanlardan zorla veya öldürdükten sonra aldığı tüm ögelerdir.
That means that in many places people can cross over with not much official control.
In addition to providing information on mental illness, the Family-to-Family program teaches coping skills and the power of advocacy to students.
On the 28th of August, after taking part in many demonstrations against the occupation, Kylián left for Germany.
Mary went on to marry Edward Radclyffe, 2nd Earl of Derwentwater; after Edward's death, she married Henry Graham, and upon his death she married James Rooke.
Finally at the series' conclusion, Mowgli leaves the jungle for human civilization, but still keeps strong ties with his animal friends.
，但两党在1978年断绝了往来。
The federal government allows each person who files taxes to take a tax deduction called a "personal exemption."
It was required for it to function.
此时，连林珙也开始与陈同、柳伯顺和解，决定共同对抗那兀纳，1366年二月，林珙、柳伯顺联兵，派李佛保、许应元突袭并攻占了亦思巴奚军哈散、黄希善占据的莆田城，杀死数十名番兵、俘获哈散并押往林珙所在的莆禧处决，又派杜武惠胁迫一千名民工修筑涵头寨。
At this time the band was using sampling and a more up-tempo humorous style.
，他的父亲勒内·瓦尔德克-卢梭是当地的律师和共和党领袖。
The accumulator is the register for storing results of operations inside the CPU.
So at 7:30 pm, the three were hanged till death by the Lahore Central Jail authorities.
Ta Kokkina fanaria) is a 1963 Greek drama movie directed by Vasilis Georgiadis and was based on the play by Alekos Galanos.
The last wolves survived in the Scottish Highlands.
Dünya üzerindeki aynı boylama sahip noktaların birleşmesi ile oluşan yarım daire şeklindeki varsayımsal yaylara ise meridyen denir.
In exchange for a subscription fee, they would provide financial support to workers in the event of, for example, death or illness.
MBasogo was given the newly created post of president.
凱斯·基亞瓦爾的Unified Pictures和亞倫·L·吉伯的main都將參與電影的製作 。
，即在巴库的紧急行动和军事部署，构成侵略行为。
"Ekmek" için talebin fiyat esnekliği inelastikliktir.
Sources say there were tens of thousands of them.
They lay eggs in cracks in underwater rocks.
Builders quickly recognised that it was better than older cements, although more expensive.
In 1917, he became the leader of the 27 th Flying Group.
The original version was released in Spanish language in 1993.
In many cases the fish spend most of their lives at sea, returning to the rivers only to reproduce.
It was supposed to be released some time in 2008.
Air Pollution Control Engineering, eds.
In 1944, she became a solo-singer for the Ensemble of Folk Instruments of the Radio of Armenia, where she dedicated her efforts to the ensemble headed by Aram Merangulyan.
The Executive Council of Ontario (which is also called the Cabinet of Ontario) plays an important part in the Goverment of Ontario.
The island of Wangerooge, one of the East Frisian Islands, is a part of Friesland.
現時汶萊政府積極推行政制改革，當中包括恢復立法會的選舉，但預計數年之內都未能成事。
She worked in the sport organization sector and was, for a long time, involved in designing sports choreography for public ceremonies at major sports and social events.
The person helping tells them what he or she is about to do (I am going to touch your shoulder).
，主要有電子偵察機、電戰支援機、電子干擾機等不同類型，電戰機的研製與生產需要非常高的技術，目前僅有少數先進國家能自製。
，刷新了女子組合最快10張單曲取得週榜冠軍的紀錄，同時連續第10張單曲取得第1位，
）（1683年-1687年）。
Karikatür sonucunda Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Cumhuriyet gazetesi ve yazı işleri müdürü Mehmet Sucu hakkında Ankara 8. Asliye Hukuk mahkemesinde tazminat davası açmış ve davayı kazanmıştır.
Witteveen, his wife and daughter were among the 193 Dutch citizens killed.
The patronymic of a boy ends with -ovich or -evich.
Karar 5 Şubat 2018 – Sayı: 4499, Kütahya Kültür Varlıklarını Koruma Bölge Kurulu, sf:,URL: https://korumakurullari.
Arnhem would be the responsibility of the British paratroopers, and would be the last bridge to be crossed by the ground forces.
's greatest rival in F1 from 1998–2000.
比起他的兄弟巴林，德瓦林更加沉默寡言 citation 。
They tried to teach the people to use metric measures, and commanded the police to punish people who would not cooperate.
，并免费获得了肉类、奶酪、香肠、白糖、茶叶、香烟。
The most popular of these was made in 1966, called the Kalamazoo K-101, but was soon renamed the Gibson G-101.
」（福島DC（Destination Campaign）期間的五、六、日與黃金週運行）
Other smaller events are also organized in the park.
Craters formed by bolides (meteorites or comets) striking the Earth, Moon or planet.
By this time the Western Empire existed in name only, the Emperor no longer could use military, financial or political power.
This led to the relegation into the second class.
接著他拜訪在布農族的通事們，分析日本政府強勢的理蕃政策，邀請通事們協助處理，不要讓布農族做無謂的抗爭和犧牲。
Although Michelle appears confident, especially of her appearance, she can be seen worried in the first series that Tony is cheating on her, especially with posh schoolgirl Abigail Stock.
Krol died of the "Clench"
He was married to Alma Guzman until her death in 2012.
The county was made in 1832 and is named after John Forsyth.
，再以頂薪簽下具投射及組織能力的小前鋒錢德勒·帕森斯，補上了球隊長期缺乏的側翼與外圍火力位置。
However, encounters with humans happen sometimes.
Notes on the 2007 breeding season of the Natterjack Toad Epidalea calamita Laurenti (Anura: Bufonidae) in Ireland.
The crew finds out that "Miranda" is an unknown planet near the edge of the solar system.
Art critic John Ruskin wrote that the English were not "in the habit of selling their pets."
However, during the trial, Judge Julius Hoffman sentenced all of the defendants to lengthy sentences for Contempt of court.
She worked mostly in television and theatre.
It also lacked the romance element that had proven popular in Snow White.
This means an agent has to choose between exploring and sticking with what it knows best.
Esotericism in religion is called "obscurantism".
尺寸依赖于地点，但不依赖于方向。
The book got good reviews from critics, and it was included in The New York Times' 100 Most Notable Books of the Year, citation as well as winning the Orange Prize.
Dizi, 1997 yılında Finlandiya Seyircinin Seçimi adlı Finlandiya televizyon ödülünü kazanmıştır.
》中加入“独特社会”一词作为新增第2条的一部分（原来的第2条当时已被废除）。
Sometimes a character has a section when they are telling a story.
The first bridge across the river is at Chakdara, which carries the road to Dir and Chitral.
But there might be a State law which says otherwise.
It was first published as a serial in a children's magazine between 1881-1883.
The S-IVB also did not work properly.
Aguascalientes is also home to some of the country's leading provincial theaters.
The trial includes everything you would get from buying the product, attempting to get customers to buy the full version after the trial is over.
The league history of Milton Keynes Dons F.C. would start from 2004 which is when they changed their name.
A Dip slope is the geological formation of tilted strata.
Together Christian and Hope have several adventures.
Lymph nodes swell in the region of an infected body part.
Genetics and the origin of species.
’de birer dispanser vardı.
In the non-linear approach, the orbital approaches at a slightly off angle.
乔清心闻讯上报，由地方政府出面，将石棺填埋。
當時以卑南覓為主的46社皆臣服。
Edgeworth later said that "we have been much entertained with Mansfield Park".
It has become a standard way of taking food to the school or workplace.
People did not attach sexual feelings to it.
During the Russian occupation the city walls were destroyed, and by 1805, only the Dawn Gate remained.
He returned the fire and killed or wounded three more enemy soldiers.
It is an extremely mountainous region, with an average altitude of over 3,350 m (11,000 ft).
The area they resided was in the south eastern area of Turkey, an area that had/has heavy PKK fighting.
She is best known for playing Ruth Fisher on the television series Six Feet Under.
A nearly complete skeleton of the extinct Elephas recki was found in the lowest of its six occupation levels along with stone tools such as choppers and flakes.
Every Catholic must come to this sacrament at least once a year.
''Colin Wilson: The Outsider and beyond.
The central bank of Isle of Man is the Isle of Man Treasury.
The movie makers said that this was not their intention, however criticism from both sides continued and still persists to this day.
It included a fourth stand-up special to air in 2010, DVDs, a consumer products partnership, a 60-city tour beginning in September 2010, and an order for a television series called The Jeff Dunham Show that premiered on October 22, 2009.
He might also lose his mind, or even be killed, if he is unprotected.
計劃主要目的是減少海岸地區的磨損，尤其是Pantai Indah Kapuk地區 citation 。
Al-Majid was executed by hanging eight days later.
Doris McLemore, the last-surviving fluent speaker of the Wichita language, dies aged 89.
如同学者main写的那样，莫尔与沃斯通克拉夫特都希望社会能建基于“基督信仰的美德、理性的仁爱、诚实正直、个人美德、社会义务的履行、勤俭节约、艰苦朴素与勤奋工作。”
Yun joined the independence and anti-Japanese movement.
It was started on December 1, 2003.
The company is named after Ábrahám Ganz.
Lucas Joseph Reiner (born August 17, 1960) is an American painter, printmaker, photographer, and filmmaker.
Santoor has 4 strings in each bridge.
Röhm arranged with Hitler that the Sturmabteilung would get four weeks holiday during the summer of 1934.
，其中960X線不停「國際金融中心二期」、「政府總部」、「入境事務大樓」三站。
The name Muhiyudin describes him as a "reviver of religion".
It was presented in a cheeky, relaxed style in keeping with the rest of the channel.
In September 2015, the teams anchoring Non Stop Week-End were shifted.
The Osagyefo, Dr. Kwame Nkrumah authored over 20 books and publications.
The event is witnessed by millions of pilgrims from different parts of Tamil Nadu.
A separate scale is used for jazz/classical music videos: sales exceeding 2,500, 5,000, and 25,000 for Gold, Platinum, and Diamond awards respectively.
，河道全長約148公里，流域面積2,110平方公里，河水主要來自融雪和雨水，
，第一個真正符合八隅體的元素。
Chris Ryan şarkıyı "yaramaz, kirli yatak odası aktiviteleri" olarak tanımladı.
』的「國静民康、神應烋臻、屢獲嘉祥」。
This happens somewhat quickly, and plant matter used as a fuel can be constantly replaced by planting for new growth.
The boxes or chests were carried around with the owners.
，但操作者需確保不会因魯莽或疏忽操作航空器而危害他人生命或財產安全 citation 。
Gözbebeklerinin kafataslarına oranla çok büyük oluşu, gelişmiş görme yeteneklerinin anahtarıdır.
第10飞行师团出动所有夜间空袭拦截力量，高射第1师团的探射灯和高射炮部门投入战斗cfn。
The accessory olfactory system senses fluid-based stimuli.
It was owned by Givaudan, who is owned by Roche.
其主要生活于多森林的高山山涧的流水中。
Expressed in area: The ecological footprint per world citizen is about 2.8 global average hectares per person while there are only 1.6 global hectare of biologically productive land and water per person on Earth.
Joel Davis, a former FDA expiration-date compliance chief, said that with a handful of exceptions - notably nitroglycerin, insulin and some liquid antibiotics - most expired drugs are probably effective.
Roosevelt stated that he had "always believed that wise progressivism and wise conservatism go hand in hand".
The place of meeting in the town is the train station, which links it to other Swiss cities.
脊索中胚层对外胚层进行诱导，从而导致一个特定区域的非特异性外胚层细胞转化为中枢神经系统的原基，启动了中枢神经系统的发育。
"Never before has such an atrocity been seen," declared the Northumbrian scholar Alcuin of York.
"Brandon residents gear up for elections", Winnipeg Free Press, 7 October 1998, A9.
油麻地站設有4個月台，上層月台為荃灣綫月台；而下層月台則為觀塘綫月台。
島嶼灰狐的頭上有灰毛，兩側的毛呈紅色，腹部、頸及面的底部是白色，尾巴的背面是黑色。
Older London streets have virtually no off-road parking.
Wowereit is not the only gay mayor of a large European city.
Mimas has been visited by 4 or 5 spacecrafts.
Alexander was struck by his spirit.
Sennewald was Commander in Chief, U.N. Command/Commander in Chief, ROK/U.
Madonna ve Malavi hükûmeti ise, yasaların çiğnenmediğini, her şeyin olması gerektiği olduğunu açıklasa da, bazı insan hakları grupları, bu durum için Madonna'ya karşı yasal savaş başlatacağını duyurdu.
There are 80 degrees between those values, one degree Réaumur is the 80th part of that temperature difference.
Also, easy solutions to kill the parasites do not exist as they did 50 years ago.
They had a daughter named Lucia.
A Batter bats by standing in the Batter's Box at Home Plate and either swinging or not swinging at the pitches the Pitcher throws.
She was the only child of Helen Lita (née Westergaard) and Frederick Robert Morrison.
办事处驻黄碧街村 《丽水市人民政府关于缙云县部分行政区划调整的批复》（丽政函〔2011〕?
Tae jo made important policies.
He officially announced Saddam's capture by saying, "Ladies and gentlemen, we got him!"
Also he won the world cup over Vladimir Samsonov in the final.
Dame Vivienne Isabel Westwood main (née Swire; born 8 April 1941) is a British fashion designer, political activist and businesswoman.
With 35mm film this requires a magnification ratio of only approximately 1:4, which demands less of lens quality than 1:1.
The two engineers supervising him, Gregory Powell and Michael Donovan, find that he is not working properly and gets lost.
As the First Lady, and even after her retirement as the First Lady, she earned a lot of respect from all section of the society.
What's more, it will have a bad consequence on the competitiveness of middle or small sized companies.
This category lists Wikipedia disambiguation pages whose titles contain a parenthetical qualifier, other than "(disambiguation)".
The town has was granted a Royal Charter in 1450, making the Town of Strathaven a Burgh of Barony.
At the end of January 2002, John Gregory got the manager's job.
巴育自2010年10月至2014年10月任泰国皇家陆军总司令，被看作是政府中强硬的亲皇室保守派，
包含DNP的國内外SRI指數。
Auxiliary means "extra" or "different".
His father was well-educated and very strict.
Instead of otomes, they have a Slave Monster and they do not need a contract to materialise them, as Slave Monsters do not materialise.
Old military people or former military people are called "
It has a rainfall of twelve inches per year.
：「这是一次易懂且相当可悲的尝试，但如果白人民族主义团体今后试图发动更為复杂的攻击，我不会感到惊讶」 。
Film eleştirmenlerden iyi notlar aldı.
Towards the end of his career, he pursued a doctorate in history.
该法院的司法管辖权覆盖西弗吉尼亚32个郡。
》第11冊 PART.5「爭奪秘笈」的扉頁插圖。
There are many Scenarios packaged with the game.
Using her martial art skills, Mazu defeats them both and they become her friends.
In the early years, all the students had been born in Sweden but by 1890 the second generation of American-born students predominated.
皇室法庭是透過《1971年法庭法案》所成立，以取代舊有的巡迴審判（Assizes）。
Collins London,(2010) and in 1660, when about 30 cm of ash fell on the city.
纯化的惰性保护气可以通过购买获得，并且可适用于大多数空气隔绝反应。
Bu mezar taşında buldukları ilginç şey, bunun diğerlerinden daha büyük olması ve bütün bir aileye ait olmasıydı.
Biography, bibliography, photos and video lectures.
Peter A. Sturrock Amerikan Astronomi Kurumu’nun (İn.American Astronomical Society) 2611 üyesi üzerinde adları kamuya açıklanmayacağına dair garanti vermek şartıyla, benzer bir anket yaptı.
At least 80% of the genome has definite functions.
He finished third in the 200 meter individual medley race and third in the 4×50 m medley 20 points race.
This caused 79 workers to fall 30 metres (100 ft) into the water.
會引發此般批判聲浪的背景被認為有下列因素：
Soon Philadelphia was the largest city in North America.
They have been found in hot springs, sulfur pools, and thermal ocean vents.
Like other arboreal frogs, they have toe discs.
Bu yüzden doğum günü kutlamaz.
When she gets out of it, she wants to destroy Earth, because that's what she wanted to do before she was put in prison.
Even though he has 755 home runs in his career, he never hit 50 or more in a season.
在捷克斯洛伐克内部，纳粹德国也依赖于利用苏台德地区德国党及其准军事组织“Freiwilliger Schutzdienst”。
He incorrectly learns of her death, and kills himself.
He is later ascended by Zeus into with Hera's consent and married one of his half-sisters, Hebe, a daughter of Zeus and Hera.
The oldest systems of counting used base one.
The M16A2 can shoot semi automatic and three-round-burst fire.
The game is one of the world's most highly acclaimed first-person shooter games and has been rated highly on many lists.
He held the national title from 1960–65.
Barbara Popović(Makedonca:Барбара Поповиќ)(Makedonca Telaffuz:ˈbarbɐrɐ ˈpɔpovic)(d.16 Ağustos 2000) Makedon şarkıcı.
It pays to advertise, and it does not need to hide.
Over the years, Interpol has developed a method of its working.
The sounds of some letters changed, some letters were lost and gained and several writing styles ('hands') developed.
The local area network in a small business is usually connected to the corporate network of the larger company.
It is brown or gray in color with dark stripes down its sides and other stripes on its back.
He took office on 11 April 2016, and resigned in late January 2020.
It makes the inside ankle bone.
United States Geological Survey.
，而在近年又因為受到日本觀光旅遊的影響，賞櫻風氣極盛，主要賞櫻地點大多會舉辦固定期間的櫻花季活動，且由於氣候影響，賞櫻地點大多位於山區，常會採取交通管制或人數管制等方式。
It is part of the Miahuatlán District in the south of the Sierra Sur Region.
The states are listed along with their correspondent emblems, data and location.
Eser ilk olarak İspanyol Galerisi'nde sergilendi.
Monarchy: From the Middle Ages to Modernity.
There are many shops.
When pups are looking for food, they will cry loudly and an adult will come and feed them.
A data matrix symbol can store up to 2,335 alphanumeric characters.
The Bhatgaon Nagar Panchayat has population of 10,371 of which 5,131 are males while 5,240 are females as per report released by Census India 2011.
在main的剧作《main》中，若弗鲁瓦是一个主要角色，其形象与威尔士的杰拉德的描述相似。
Therefore, Kacchu also needed to develop to protect the body from attack.
試看計畫受到了廣大歡迎，並吸引了許多訂戶，這樣的試看服務在之後也繼續實施著。
Gao was the capital of the empire.
While she was doing that work, she also wrote a famous book called Incidents in the Life of a Slave Girl.
Milking a snake for the production of antivenom.
It allows the child to know what is right and wrong by what society’s rules on right and wrong are.
He immediately gave up drinking, and later began working for an Aboriginal alcohol-rehabilitation service in Port Augusta.
The smallpox injured his knee, so he could not easily work as a potter.
，該新路線亦納入本計劃，因此優惠計劃的指定「綠色」專線小巴路線由531條修訂至532條。
There are many taxi companies in Colombia.
Metropolitan Devonport bus services are limited on Saturdays and there are no services on Sundays or Public holidays.
Her mother was Bibi Khatun.
He first started piano lessons from his mother at an early age.
The prison guards deliver a package to Henry, and the first guard tells him that the second guard had checked it for anything useful.
你们应当敬畏真主，你们对于我的客人们不要使我丢脸。
世民把房玄龄召来商议此事，玄龄说：“大王功盖天地，应当继承皇帝的大业。
They are not as fast as most of the other spaniels and do not need to be exercised as much as their cousins.
宗教战争期间，图卢兹城内的统治阶级和城外的封建领主及新教徒关系日益紧张，main引发了main citation 。
This means that the city has a wet season and a dry season.
Today, companies use Gainsharing to both measure performance and reward employees when it improves.
Teaching classes are organized in three separate locations – the main (parent) school, in the class for visually impaired children “Veljko Ramadanović” and elementary school “Lazar Savatić”.
As one of the fastest growing centers in the state, the county has seen a population boom since 1990.
Milovan´s football career started in the FK Kom from Podgorica.
Osama: the making of a terrorist Tauris.
A proxy marriage is when two people are getting married separately, but are getting married to one another.
第二版的推出日期為2005年5月26日，除了換上新封面外，亦加插了《大哥》一曲，
本次路障要求一名队员用缝纫机缝制裁好的上衣布，若得到专业人员认可，就能获得下一条线索。
This made it impossible to make a larger loaf in time for their customers' breakfasts.
At 9 meters (30 ft), it was the longest species of Stegosaurus.
Around 1655, he married Rachel, daughter of the Earl of Westmorland and widow of Henry Bourchier, 5th Earl of Bath.
Kısa bir dönem boyunca (yaklaşık 100 yıl, MÖ 2060 - MÖ 1960) bölgesel bir siyasi güç olmuştur.
相机底部有胶卷进片和快门扳机，倒片摇把，计数窗和倒片锁。
The advantage with high-level programming languages is that programmers only need to understand the syntax (i.e. the type of structure of the code) of the programming language and don't have to understand computer hardware to program well.
It orbits about 1065 km from Kalliope.
Diffraction can be used to separate different wavelengths of light using a diffraction grating.
The board is self-perpetuating with the board electing or re-electing the trustees.
In 1891, Wilford Collins Simons moved to Lawrence.
It stars Billy Campbell and Jesse Johnson.
Some Pokemon only evolve if they're traded with another, specific Pokemon.
Polk was killed in June 1862 after which the army was simply called Alexander P. Stewart's corps.
Notice the eyes: they are widely separated.
Her father, William George Fairfax, was a vice-admiral in the Royal Navy.
Members of both houses are elected by popular vote to serve four-year terms.
The company had subdivided convert of land that would become Sherman Oaks.
It represent numbers in the decimal number system.
After several personnel changes on guitar, Dokken's attorney Jon Levin stepped in to fill the role in 2004.
Bunlardan biri bilgi ürünlerini konu alır.
It has characters from many different writing systems on it.
Ancak Ellie hayatta kalır ve enfeksiyona karşı bağışık olduğunu anlar.
They use smell to find food.
哥德洛普島島海域，棲息深度99-293公尺，體長可達30公分，棲息在底層水域，卵胎生，生活習性不明。
In this case (A 1 OR B 1 OR C 1 ) is an example for a clause, and B 1 is one of the literals of this clause.
He went on to become a lawyer.
Fakat çok geçmeden bu hayattan da bıkmaya başlamış ve sonunda bu bar ve hanını kapatıp tekrar ressamlığa geri dönmüştür.
David Desrosiers, Canadian musician (
Now he faces a hard decision.
The three arcs have been named with French names Liberté, Égalité, and Fraternité.
Electrical signals are fed to the recording head, inducing a pattern of magnetization similar to the signal.
Bu şehrin günümüzde nerede bulunduğu bilinmemektedir.
王贤伯、蒋万炳乘哨兵未注意，成功脱逃。
Three volumes have been released as of October 2, 2013.
，22死12傷 citation （main） ，死傷者都是勞工，包括婦女和兒童，司機涉嫌魯莽駕駛，被警方拘捕。
Now, he is member of T4, November 2nd, Energit and the supergroup called Kulhánek/Holeček/Razím/Kowacz.
台中州廳旁的考棚則是遭民眾占用，台中市政府直到2009年才取得土地所有權。
It was directed by Gregory Ratoff.
有3張臉，頭生犄角，左肩長的是人類女性的臉，右邊長的是人男性的臉，胸部長了一張長有利齒的大嘴。
On August 13, 2005, he won his second CZW Ultraviolent Underground Championship.
At this time he felt that a man’s task in life was to be useful.
Her amino asitin, bir karboksil ve bir de amino grubu vardır.
Kariyerine gazetecilik ve yazarlıkla başladı.
Alexei often had attacks of hemophilia and nearly died several times.
He was so good at shooting guns that he killed at least forty tigers that way.
Trey Parker and Matt Stone have made changes to the movie because they were afraid it would get an NC-17 rating from the MPAA.
After that, The Undertaker fought Rusev (who was accompanied by Aiden English) in a Casket match.
Apple's first business venture was a retail store, called the Apple Boutique.
Kaan Çaydamlı ve Mehmet Ada Öztekin'in yapımcılığında, Uluma’nın 50. yılında ilk defa Türkçede yüksek sesle okunuşu bir yol filmi dokümanter-film biçiminde otuz iki dakikalık bir yapım olarak gerçekleştirildi.
Kazakistan ulusal parti komitesinin "Karagandı poletariatı" gazetesinin redaktörü görevinde bulundu.
H指数的计算基于其研究者的论文数量及其论文被引用的次数。
Elles is about female student prostitution.
They won the championship of Second Division that year, with no games lost.
She starred in movies such as Revenge, Stakeout and The Two Jakes.
人类模仿动物吸盘的特点，发明了真空吸盘。
Scores can be interpreted as shown in the table below.
Both men and women can have dyspareunia.
It was the first time the Blazers had won a playoff series in 14 years.
One of the CIPM members must be French.
The editors decide on which issues their readers will want to know the newspaper's opinion.
Sartre was released from the prison camp (jail) in 1941.
By circulation it is the eighth largest newspaper in any language in the world.
·勒梅尔发现了火地群岛的最南端，并将其命名为合恩角时，他们也证明了火地群岛的地理范围很小，与更南方的陆地没有联系。
Wilkins Ice Shelf disintegrates, leaving the entire shelf at risk.
Cary returns to her lonely life.
When those conditions are expected within 36 hours, a warning will be issued.
A hate crime does not have to be to a person directly.
Premchand was left responsible for his stepmother and step-siblings.
抗日战争时期，任抗大队长、大队政委、分校政治部主任，军分区政治部主任，支队政委。
The town is also the place where Rabbi Yom Tov of Falaise, grandchild of Rashi held his court.
During Trisong Detsen's time as king, the Tibetan Empire had control over large areas of land.
，分為酒店及商場兩部份，樓高21層，於2016年落成。
In Proceedings of the 19th ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT symposium on Principles of programming languages (pp. 1-14).
He was director of Spain's national library and of the Spanish College (Colegio de España) in Paris.
The DSM also has drug abuse as a different issue than drug dependence, which is defined as compulsive use of a drug.
File:Joe Lieberman official portrait 2 (cropped).
The rules disapprove the use of the adjective close.
They said that the BFG 9000 was "not as fancy as the gravity gun" but it was the first weapon that "really made us swoon".
德奥理（Teodoryk Balat，1858年10月28日－1900年7月9日）天主教圣人、
Sass and Koly are very poor.
He began his career at the football club Llap (known then as Lab Podujevo).
She worked at the Medical University of Warsaw.
成步堂龙一和绫里千寻展开，两人将在五个章节中为他们的委托人辩护。
The talent is there, the recognition also; now it is up to the player himself.
It was made a city in April 1858.
雷鳴器（Thunder Sheet）
As of 2011, the town had a population of 56,074.
，母衛氏 citation 。
但当观测人群中有大量的非吸烟者，就会有过多的目标变量为0， 这就是零膨胀。
The person can ask anything with the telegraph.
然而，她的父母可以决定改变姓氏的顺序，并叫她Joana Almeida Melo 等。在这种情况下，她可能被称为Joana Melo 。
In 1786 he joined the new New South Wales Marine Corps.
In ordinary times, it was unsanitary because of standing sewage therein.
In the 9th century the Mamluks became a powerful military caste in Muslim societies.
These adjust the size of the opening by opening or closing.
There are 16 species worldwide and 2 species which occur in Azerbaijan.
Ülkenin üretiminin büyük kısmını ikinci ve üçüncü sektörler olan sanayi ve hizmet sektörü oluşturur.
Wolfe best known for his work with and influence over the New Journalism literary movement.
It includes Australia, New Zealand, the island of New Guinea, and neighbouring islands in the Pacific Ocean.
This gives it a warm climate.
He believes there is too much light at Marina Bay.
These usually have names ending in "-punk".
，現時為民主黨中委及新界東支部副主席，
At that time women were not allowed to go to composition classes at the Conservatoire, so she probably had her lessons privately.
It is also found in many high-
Reprinted as Philosophy of science, Transaction, 1998.
One person will lie face down on a cradle hanging in the air by bungee cords.
The song "Check My Brain" was nominated for Best Hard Rock Performance at the 2010 Grammy Awards.
İşçi sınıfı ailelerde otorite görülür.
Bella protests this, and to make her father happy, she and her friend Jessica go to a movie.
His family were reasonably rich and had large properties in the north east of Wales.
取到風牌的玩家，按「東位」的位置就坐，東風坐東位，南風坐南位，如此類推.
Böylece özgür iradeye güvenerek ve kendi iradesini kullanarak kendi kendini iyileştirebileceğini düşünmeye başlamıştır.
Mahallenin köy statüsüne kavuşması için yapılan çalışmalar 2002 yılında neticelenmeye başlamış, yapılan referandum olumlu sonuçlanmıştır.
Amerika'da milliyetçilik aıdına sanatçıları, yazarları, bilim adamlarını vatan haini olmakla suçlamış, yaşamlarını mahvetmiştir.
。 citation 发射复合体由两个发射台组成。
's tax returns, with jury selection scheduled to begin just two days after his death.
It is operated by the Guangzhou Metro Corporation.
In September 2015, the product was re-introduced by Leaf Brands.
In 1987, Chabon married the poet Lollie Groth.
The province was formed in 1896 from the north of Jeolla Province.
、陸仁山、米濤、胡錦明、謝茵製作及編排《民間傳奇》獲取2006年香港舞蹈聯盟「
設立於1920年的東方民族文化藝術部有四個展區：古代東方、拜占庭與中東、中亞與高加索、遠東。
Dr. Abel, Heihachi’s lead scientific advisor, urged the enraged Heihachi to quickly find a way to capture Kazuya.
LeFou and the patrons attempt to cheer him up ("Gaston"), when Maurice rushes in claiming a Beast has Belle locked away, they laugh at him but Gaston formulates a plan ("Gaston (Reprise)").
Sometimes transcriptions are made for practical reasons.
注重群众宣传（1927年5月-1929年6月）：
Castlevania serisinin, 2003'te Lament of Innocence ile sunulan güncel logosu.
In 1966, he founded La Grande Écurie et la Chambre du Roy.
The municipal area has a mountainous territory within the Central Cordillera of the Andes and watered by the rivers Cauca and Tonusco.
The KU School of Business was created in 1924.
Over 6.8 million people live in Lebanon.
The idea of home schools came to life in the 1960s, when the effectiveness of classroom education was challenged.
A service award or campaign medal is awarded for serving in a place and time (such as the Iraq Campaign Medal).
RuPaul’s Drag Race and the shifting visibility of drag culture.
平均年径流量2.05亿立方米，水力资源理论蕴藏量2.48万千瓦。
By 1646, arms manufacturing had started up at Tulle nearby.
They reside in the Underworld and support the Titans but do not assist them in "The Last Olympian."
India's position is that the boundary is mid-channel as depicted in another map drawn in 1925, and implemented by the installation of mid-channel pillars back in 1924.
This can make 10 second bursts.
Organizations like Sharkey's made fighters temporary members of the "club" on the night of the event.
而在唱國歌也將俗稱美國鷹的白頭鷹放進場內盤旋飛行，結果有一隻白頭鷹在飛行途中突然停在帕克斯頓的肩膀上。
路易斯·漢米爾頓以第四名完賽，確定提前成為2018年的世界冠軍。
That is, the author’s personal involvement with the events and society he/she describes and analyzes is sometimes considered as something that clouds his/her objectivity.
The master, boatswain, and gunner each receive one and a half shares of stolen money or goods.
In 2013 she asked to stay in the United States.
兩師徒曾經一起練習古墓派中的絕門內功「玉女心經」，小龍女卻差點因此而走火入魔送命。
So is doubtful to call this a secondary characteristic, except so far as the width helps attract mates.
The official address of the resort is 1313 South Harbor Boulevard.
自此，不少廣東城市，尤其是粵西地區的電台和電視台都被強制轉用普通话播放節目，
They are skinny, reddish-brown and semi-
In the year 2006 she obtained the role of Maria Gianni, in the drama TV series Fashion House.
很有治理政绩，嘉禾连理，出现在岐州境内。
Another mountain range is Sierra Atravesada that goes from the Cordillera Septentrional to the coast.
It is difficult to know how many people died along the Oregon Trail.
Their sister is safe.
These parts are The Valley of Bones, The Soldier's Art, and The Military Philosophers.
The storm caused 20 deaths.
Thus he asks Pakhi to marry him only for six months and this is a deal between them.
His final resting place is in the Russell Family Cemetery (Milton, Massachusetts).
对她来说很重要的其他问题是反腐败法和个人自由。
Jackson was going to perform the song in his This Is It concerts in 2009.
Räikkönen said his plans are to "see what happens."
春季温度波动剧烈，干燥少雨多大风，常有春旱发生。
Later the charges were dropped as part of the plea bargain.
Together, they adjust the level of transcription of a gene.
Several minor show business professionals demonstrated their performances on the show, including piano juggler Dan Menendez.
It was rejected by 52.4% of voters.
Bir önceki sezon Doğu Grubu'nu sonuncu sırada tamamlayan Bullets onun katılımı ile 57-25'lik kazanma oranı yakaladı ve grup lideri olarak sezonu tamamladı.
由於都市化發展，牛稠子地區西部及西南部已成為彰化市區的一部分。
The Breed is known to the American Kennel Club (AKC).
'Røyksopp' is a Norwegian word that means puffball fungus.
One airplane design that Artem Mikoyan and Mikhail Gurevich worked on at Polikarpov was called the I-200.
About a third of the civilian population of the island were killed.
Leipzig City has its own government.
The first Laguna arrived in early 1994 to replace the 21, it came as a hatchback at first and then it was joined by an estate/wagon version in late 1995.
It was fought from 1683 to 1699 and it was a Holy League win.
The anthem of the high school was composed by Raúl Benavides.
This lets the army enter the city and The Trojans are defeated.
Smokey's correct name is Smokey Bear.
》〈迎戰強權〉（飾 劉美娟）（第122集～第127集）
The damage could be from a viral infection or toxic drugs.
He served twice as Argentina's Minister of the Economy from 1961 to 1962 and from 1981 to 1982.
The loop is made up of sound and the electrical energy that the microphone and loudspeaker use to create that sound.
There were convert set aside for university buildings and convert for the U of S farm, and farming fields.
It is responsible for management and future activities.
The third studio album, The Emptiness, was released January 26, 2010.
There will also be an additional parking ramp, adding 8,000 parking spaces.
At some days there are special things in Animal Crossing, some of them like days in real life, for example Christmas, Halloween, or Thanksgiving.
From 2005 to 2009, she played Gigi Silveri on the drama One Tree Hill.
Chennai International Airport recorded 266 mm of rainfall in 24 hours.
本劇打破了中國大陸近年的電視劇只以專業為劇集背景的風氣，
考生会收到两份单独的考试成绩，或只考口语不考写作。
In Harry's second year, he stabbed Riddle's diary with a fang, destroying one.
A decoy is used to attract the fish to the area under the hole.
Their step father owns a music school named "Rock School".
Karşılaşılan bu sert direniş harekâtı baskın niteliğinden çıkarmıştır.
These peaks are on a highland region to the east of the Mare Serenitatis, in the northeastern quadrant of the Moon's near side.
There are also those who do not believe that there is an afterlife, and that you simply cease to exist once you die.
In 2011 Michael Waltrip Racing entered into a technical alliance with AF Corse to provide them sportscars to race in the FIA World Endurance Championship and Tudor United SportsCar Championship (formerly Rolex Sports Car Series).
It usually occurs after age 8, and is the first evidence of puberty in 60% of women.
此後由於使用率下降，電影院的服務在1994年被取消 : 42 。
The music is taken from the hymn God Bless Africa, which was written by Enoch Sontonga in 1897.
However, by normalizing relations with Japan, Pak allowed Japanese capital to flow into the country.
Her father, pressured by his mistress, Madame de Montesson, sent her to a convent.
In 2014 the BIPM had 55 member countries.
That summer his memoir was published.
There are only twelve looks.
King finally stopped.
It was usually called dropsy until about the middle of the 20th century.
自冷戰開始，蘇聯便派出飛機及艦艇干擾美國海軍軍艦，雙方時常互相發動模擬攻擊，甚至引發飛機相撞意外。
Industrial flint mining such as that at Cissbury and Grimes Graves began.
After the war he studied in the Soviet Union and Germany, and afterwards traveled between Brazil, Spain and France.
Berkeley: University of California Press, 176–177.
Delivered from distraction: getting the most out of life with attention deficit disorder.
The start of World War II meant the end of motorbike production.
This camp was for Japanese Americans during World War II.
Granados felt that he was at the beginning of a successful career.
It is a moist broadleaf forest which covers seven million square kilometers (1.7 billion acres).
For instance, one car may be cheaper than another, but the second car may be more reliable (we use "more reliable", instead of "reliabler").
Dance music had to have a regular beat so that the dancers could dance in time.
Moreover,people whose native language is Hindi, may or maynot treat it as their mother tongue.
Both were less accurate than rifled cannons.
He is an important character in the manga due to the fact that the story basically revolves around Naruto, the main character, and Sasuke, Naruto's rival.
Gaziantep onun döneminde yapılan 272 tane proje sayesinde Avrupa kentleri arasında yerini almıştır.
People can feel embarrassed even if they really did something good.
淺腹壁動脈有許多細小分支，會供養main、淺筋膜，和皮膚，
It also is similar to the flower Alyssyum.
She played for ETV Hamburg.
His only power is to shoot green goo out of the straw on his top.
Some of the family members believe that Escobar could have committed suicide.
The Court's reasoning was the Fourteenth Amendment prohibited discrimination by states not by individuals.
Burada bahsedilen dönüştürücü (adım-düşme geçişi ile bağlantı içinde) alternatif akımı doğrudan akıma dönüştürme şeklindedir(ve tam tersi).
“Displacement in the Middle East and North Africa: Between an Arab Winter and the Arab Spring”.
Japon Brezilyalılar kendi aralarında bölündü ve hatta bazıları Brezilyalı çiftçiler tarafından istihdam edilen Japon çiftçilere terör eylemleri gerçekleştirmeye başladı.
It is the 23rd largest edition.
对于可空类型，实际上是Nullable(Of T)泛型结构。
Patnaik was known for his roles in Sathire (2004), Ganga Jamuna (1997) and Nari Bi Pindhipare Rakta Sindura (1997).
Usually a person decides to join a religion because they like what they have read or been told, and they believe that they are hearing the truth.
They live in small pockets of blue-grey clay close to water.
Heraldry uses only bold, bright colors, called tinctures, with special names.
His name is both Greek and Roman.
These people lived across northern New Mexico.
Ekonomi alanındaki bu gelişmelerin yanında, okuma-yazma bilmezliğe karşı yoğun bir savaşım görüldü.
Several months later, Gabrielle finds Hope again, now looking like a nine-year-old, and already in the process of helping her father, Dahak, implement his plan to take over the world.
They also played at Wheat City Arena until 1969, and the Manex Arena from 1969 to 1972.
Ryan was hanged in "D" Division at 8.00 on 3 February 1967.
Bazı "Best Of Karışık Sanatçı" tarzında çıkan albümleri, listeye eklenmedi.
或復有執：唯心、心所，有異熟因，及異熟果，
His first solo album, Hell's Kitchen, was released in 2000.
The other source of bound current is bound charge.
Louis claimed the Spanish Netherlands in place of the wedding gift that Philip IV had never paid.
If this is the case, then the question is to know if it can be solved in an efficient way.
There are two types of Carmelites, the Calced and Discalced Carmelites.
Another method is to use rollers or rubber pads to separate the base columns from the ground, allowing the columns to shake parallel to each other during an earthquake.
Japan won the championship at U-17 World Cup and the 3rd place at U-20 World Cup.
Meowth was cloned in ', but his clone could not talk or walk on two legs, because Meowth needed to learn how to do this.
Tarsus'ta bulunan yazılı kitabelerde, burasının özgür bir kent olduğu yazılıdır.
A person may be able to guess a password if it is too easy.
在Firefox浏览器的網址列中输入文字时会显示符合的書籤和歷史。
The term became popular in the 1960s.
They have two grown up children, Jennifer and David.
Fermat's principle states that light travels along the path which takes the least time.
This was soon after Napier's basic invention.
，人為不經意的情況下產生的雜交種，性情兇暴，
The feteer halali became popular throughout Europe, especially France.
He conducted the first performance that month at the Royal Opera House.
桂今日誓死報國，雖肝腦塗地，亦所不辭，安問其他。
The part that only depends on temperature, and not on composition, is called blackbody radiation.
It was seen to split in two and has not been seen since 1852.
Geleneksel olarak negatif ticaret dengesini finanse etmek için kullanılan hizmetler sektörü ilk defa 1975 ve 1976'da borç verdi.
In chemistry, the first of Hund's rules is especially important and is often referred to as simply Hund's rule.
's press conference at E3 2014 on June 9, 2014. citation A teaser trailer was released by Naughty Dog on November 14, 2013.
彩虹岭隧道由鹤山市交通发展实业公司与广东瑞华经济发展有限公司合作成立的鹤山市瑞通公路建设有限公司经营 。
It is based on a book by Ouida.
Brian Douglas Wells (November 15, 1956 – August 28, 2003) was an American man who died after a homemade neck-
They believe that The One (a human named Neo) will save the humans.
Thus they gain in having less rigorous predation from their main enemy.
At that time, they formed a closed composition with figures of Bacchus and Mars facing each other.
Among other factors, citizens had made Fez an unstable place because of their desire to rebel.
Jitae, who is a landlord of the house Suni is living, loves her.
When straight rail was first invented there was no restriction on the way points were scored.
A stress on automatic control and computers was initiated in 1957.
McClane and Carver work their way out of the cuffs and jump to safety as the ship blows up.
The Star wrote a public apology in the May 6, 2011 issue.
She asked her mother to tell her a story, so Lindgren made up a character named Pippi Longstocking and some stories about her to entertain her daughter.
In addition to the hit song, Ichiro Araki, a male singer and songwriter, released an ambitious work, "I'm in Rockland with you."
A negative strip (usually not visible) of an IX240 (APS) film.
Wieland Wagner started a workshop in Bayreuth in which directors could meet and discuss new ideas for presenting the operas.
This was more per capita than any other community in the United States.
李銘盛把自己裝扮成一棵樹，一邊敲鑼打鼓、一邊走向展場，並以自己的血、牛血及高粱酒混成的液體淋滿全身，進行「祭樹」表演 。
）的罪行的错误和不正当解释已经流传得太久了，引起了对犹太人的敌对态度。”
Hükümdarsız kalan, kuşatma altında bulunan şehirde Ayasofya'da toplanan bir devlet konseyi kararı ile meşru eski imparator olan II.
He was of well below-
Although her parents expected her to become a wife and a mother, in 1845 she decided to become a nurse.
這起車禍導致她下半身行動不便10年，因此領有身障卡，
The panel tried to figure out the contestants' "secrets".
Ill (that flows into the Rhine near Strasbourg).
The Turks Islands are separated from the Caicos Islands by Turks Island Passage, which is more than convert deep, citation The islands form a chain that goes from north to south.
Any ash in which they are very abundant is called an agglomerate.
Both are also romantically interested in her.
The first DJ LOVE left the band because he wanted to play different music.
The average guess of the group given the first problem (with 1 as the anchor) is much lower than the group given the second problem (with 2 as the anchor).
These Renaissance palaces are usually three stories high and quite plain on the outside.
，更在情緒激昂時燃點營火以壯聲勢，
Banking is very important in Charlotte.
The World Urbanism Day is an internatonal event held every year on 8 November in 30 countries.
In the first movie, he is often cute and innocent.
The name "Middle East" does not always have the same meaning, and the size of the area is not always the same.
The snack is ready by cooking flour in water like porridge with cumin seeds and an alkaline salt called Papad Khar (An alkaline salt with major components as sodium carbonate and sodium bicarbonate) and then steaming the lump.
White New Idea had a big manufacturing plant in Coldwater, Ohio, USA.
The legend tells of a man called Faust who is tired of studying and wants to have the greatest possible happiness.
K." Duncan, CD, (1940 September 17, 2020) was a Jamaican dental surgeon and politician.
Just like magic.
The inflammation will normally disappear in 2 – 5 days.
When Haman is defeated, Israel enjoys a time of rest.
Unfortunately, a small number of patients develop Fulminant hepatic failure, which is very serious.
This caused a long fight.
在1994年6月12日妮可·布朗·辛普森与罗纳德·高曼被害之后，辛普森一直呆在丹尼斯·沙克瑞恩·哈里奇（Denice Shakarian Halicki）
It was invented by Werner Groebli, better known as "Mr.
愛明內斯庫是文学组织“青年社”的成员，专门负责搜集摩尔罗瓦地区的民间创作。
She was their seventh child, out of the total eleven children.
Wet fly fishing is done with all types of fly-fishing lines.
The seat of the government is Hamburg Rathaus.
，尽管他们个人采信了许多无耻的异教观念，还仍然是真正的教宗，因为他们都没有动用他们的教宗不能错误性（这种权利的动用十分罕见）来宣扬异端邪说，而所有的天主徒也都认为教宗不可能这么做。
It is named after Hugo Kleinbrod, who cared after the 2. World War for children and orphans.
It is linked to Melbourne by the Tullamarine Freeway.
They began swearing toward the crowd before the video ended.
通用熱氣候指數（英文：Universal Thermal Climate Index，UTCI），是自2002年以來由“國際生物氣象學會”（ISB）的協助下開發，從2005年開始，德國氣象局（DWD）也參與發展的熱指標 citation 。
There is one junior high school just near the market.
One of his enemies whipped his statue.
Bewick's swans used to spend a lot of time in Ireland and Britain and the Netherlands, but scientists say they have been moving east into Germany.
毛文龍屬下，曾參與烏雞關之戰，陳繼盛之女嫁毛文龍為妾。
The central Andes are dry.
反觀José Santiago這次在第一局就被打倒，他僅投0.
，是所有漢字政策造成影響最大的政策之一。
He was the youngest of his parents' 14 children.
Pripyat and the surrounding area will not be safe for people to live there for several centuries.
It is about the adventures of twins, Alex and Conner Bailey.
It is the original home of most of the Final Fantasy characters in the game, and the hide-out for the villains.
They have a layer of fat (
如果方便，可直接到空旷、陰涼的地方或者树下，按照仪轨进行。
Algol A is eclipsed by the dimmer Algol B every 2.87 days.
When the Monarch becomes a butterfly, it no longer eats milkweed, but it still has the chemical in its body.
Under pressure, Jane finally relented.
Kevin Patrick Brady (born April 11, 1955) is an American politician.
He was Governor of Paraíba from 2009 until 2011.
It died on the next day.
He was known for his books (2011), The Utopia of Rules (2015) and Bullshit Jobs: A Theory (2018).
Hiçbir rakibi olmadığı için otomatik olarak yeniden seçildi ve 1 Ağustos 2008 tarihinde yeni dönem için yemin etti.
那霸機場消防當局於控制塔發出火警通知後四分半鐘方才抵達現場，遠超越較國際要求三分鐘內抵達。
His youngest child, Florence, was born on holiday in Cornwall.
Or are they directed by the selection?
Some were not communists, but the main leaders were.
By August 26, the possibility of never-before-happened destruction and damage was already being considered.
Tourism is a very large part of the Cantabrian life, and their economic success.
It also beat its predecessor Black Holes and Revelations in relative album sales in its debut week in the UK with approximately 148,000 copies sold. citation The first single "Uprising" was released seven days earlier.
，狹義的部分則僅包括美術館以南、司令部以東的綠地部分。
）2月19日時，由伊侶具秦公奉命在伊奈利山（稻荷山）三峰設置，
Ludvigsen had always talked about drugs, hard drugs (now are illegal in Christiania) and soft drugs.
度已至，帥精銳出墨葉渡，夜五鼓，分兩軍攻其水陸寨。
Users can export their programs on GitHub to GitLab.
美國特種作戰司令部內的組成部份。
The Super Advantage is an arcade stick similar to the NES Advantage.
She was known for her roles in Riders of the Whistling Pines, Dear Heart, Send Me No Flowers, Safe at Home!, and in Sea of Love.
He played 88 games and scored 31 goals in the league.
Most Mormons left the area for Utah in 1846.
Damascus used to play an important role as an important trade center.
Şubat 2015'e kadar takımının başında kalan Ambríz, Clausura turnuvasında aldığı sonuçlardan sonra takımdan kovuldu.
Sistemin ilk hattı 23 yıldan fazla süren bir inşaat sürecinden sonra, 1 Aralık 2011'de açılmıştır.
The bridge has walls and a roof.
The Enterprise had 12 Type X phasers and three Photon Torpedo launchers.
Production during 1939-1945 was disrupted from World War II, and was restarted in 1946.
Here is on permanent display The Family of Man, a famous exhibit of photos collected by Edward Steichen.
After fews day ago after release IOS 13, in March 26, 2021.
Another dating, done in 2008, gave an age of 33.000 years.
XCF ya da tam adıyla eXperimental Computing Facility, GIMP'in yerel dosya biçimidir.
Anderson is the co-writer of The EarthEnd Saga novel trilogy and the self-help guide book WE: A Manifesto for Women Everywhere.
The images were pressed.
America Engaging the World.
In acting, he was known for his roles as Commander in Encore, Once More Encore! and as Zosima in Heads and Tails.
为一座暗礁。1983年公布名称为染青东礁。
BT42 but again retired with a transmission problem.
He was 6'9" tall.
His mother was Ann Phoebe Penn Dagworthy (Charlton) and his father was Captain John Ross Key.
Temperatures of most magmas are in the range 700 °C to 1300 °C.
One hour of brewing should be good enough.
Her book The Death and Life of Great American Cities said that urban renewal did not respect the needs of most city people.
A chambermaid, warned by a bodyguard, bolted the door of the Room of the Queen's Gentlemen and advised the Queen to run away.
Because of the long history from the Braderie, it is common today for most of the stores in Biel to make their sales during the Braderie.
越王句踐率军抵御，两军在槜李（
The time and motion study, pioneered in manufacturing by F. W. Taylor led to the “Modern Efficiency Desk” with a flat top and drawers below.
空气传播是传播病毒的有效途径，通常发生在人多拥挤、通风较差的室内空间，
It was created in December 15, 2016 and a 16-man tournament with British wrestlers happened on January 14 and 15, 2017 to crown the champion.
Hankou Station also connects to the Wuhan Metro.
Columbia Pictures.
It can weigh up to 820 kg (1,810 lb).
雖然高古名義上是司職中場，但實際上能打除守門員外任何一個位置，在效力巴塞期間，他不時會因應球隊戰術而踢不同位置，由中場到後衛甚至前鋒也司職過，被巴塞視為「
Eğer RNA mevcut değil ve immünoblot pozitif ise kişi daha önce bir enfeksiyon geçirmiş ancak ya tedavi ile ya da kendiliğinden enfeksiyon temizlenmiştir; immünoblot negatif ise, yapılan immünoassay yanlıştır.
All pictures of people chipping away at the wall show people hitting graffiti covered walls.
Amerikan sömürge dönemi tasarımları gibi geleneksel soğuk iklim binaları, küçük ölçekli bir binada merkezi ısı verimliliği için iyi bir tarihsel model sunmaktadır.
Some scientists cut open dead fish to look at the inside and found the oil was inside the gills and the heart.
Kulitja's work has been shown in many exhibitions across Australia.
Tutal also called for freedom for Bangladeshi writer and publisher, Shamsuzzoha Manik.
Some biological characteristics, such as the slow growth, and long time to mature, makes the whale shark vulnerable to overfishing.
，隨著城鎮的擴建和更多的新鄉鎮和工業建設，啟動了更廣泛的開發 citation 。
Esoteric Buddhism and the Tantras in East Asia.
Flux exists in the shape of plug-in for web browsers like Internet Explorer and also it works as a single program.
Palmer Park was founded by George Palmer and it has a statue of George Palmer in it.
’nda bulunan 2.351 m. yüksekliğinde eski bir yanardağ olan Pico Dağı’dır.
A church which has a Bishop's throne is called a "cathedral".
Two other tanks were captured by Rangers.
因此，結合重度破音與極貼近吉他和音箱，可以在更高的音量下引導出無限延音。
Filmin yönetmeni Nancy Meyers'dir, Meyers aynı zamanda filmin yapımcısı Charles Shyer'la beraber filmin senaristidir.
他还打擊罗马市的诺洼天派，收押他们的主教，禁止他们的崇拜。
Ellington called his music "American Music", not "
According to genealogist Keith Meintjies and confirmed by FW by Klerk, the latter is also in accordance with Krotoa (Eva), a female Khoi, who served as interpreter for the Dutch colonists during the founding of the Colony of the Head.
Male–male competition can take place in two forms.
Charles-Marie Widor, Manual of Practical Instrumentation translated by Edward Suddard, Revised Edition.
They can also take the Speaking test without taking the Writing test.
八年，李贤正式被授为原州刺史。
A point to remember is that it does not travel well in writing or translation.
In Sweden, a similar book, which is based on Lynne Truss' book, has come out, describing the interesting aspects of the Swedish pronunciation.
The ball is a living part of the Polarian's body that can be removed temporarily.
This was mainly because he promised to help the poor majority of Venezuelan people.
時間機器反而像是一種平行宇宙中的跳躍機，因此提托很可能根本永遠不存在於這個時空，因為他的父母受精卵結合時可能誕生出另一個人，因此他的世界和我們的世界可能是一種大多數事件相同但少數事件有落差的情況，而且他的預言行為可能也改變了這個世界，有人用以解釋為何他的預言有些命中有些失誤，有些則是部分命中，但這些目前都只停留在屬於科學幻想式的推測。
The university has about 8,000 students.
He wrote several other books including The People Win Through (1951), Burma under the Japanese (1954), An Asian Speaks (1955), and Burma Looks Ahead (1951).
Queen City Jazz was a New York Times Notable Book of the Year.
Bu derece düşük bir etki zayıflaması telekomünikasyondaki ışıklifine öncülük etti.
The new series focuses on the next generation of the Ewings.
The series premiered airs at 11AM ET/PT time on October 17, 2008 on Cartoon Network in the United States.
Sometimes, the head is entirely white.
，而最迟1587年就已经出现了仅有低音线条的单独管风琴声部。
She could hardly find starring roles in movies.
They ate 1800 calories a day.
To count them became the favourite occupation of the public."
苏辙就让其夫人史氏捐出此前内宫赏赐的数千两黄金，才得以凑足工程款项。
'nin geliştirilmesi adına vazife gören bürokratlardandır.
He won them at earlier Winter Paralympic Games.
The school name was changed to North Dakota State University around 1960.
A hallucination is seeing, hearing, tasting, smelling or feeling things that do not really exist.
Şehir ve merkezi olduğu ilin en önemli ekonomik geçim kaynakları tarım (meyvecilik, zeytin ve sebzecilik); turizm, hafif sanayi ve küçük petrol kuyularıdır.
In addition, those Germanic people who remained in Scandinavia are referred to as North Germanic.
These probabilistic tests are easier to do than tests that actually guarantee primality, and the composite probable primes are useful too in encryption that uses prime numbers.
Daha sonra Özel Harekât Polisleri içeri girerek saldırgan ile çatışmaya başladılar.
第一代的台視商標，背景樣式為黑白兩色橫條交錯橫排，外框為四角皆磨圓的長方形，正中央為黑底白邊的“TTV”三個大寫英文字母加一道白底黑邊的「右上──左下」
To determine the quality of a katana it is enough to check its resistance (how much it bends when it is hit), elasticity (the ability of katana to return to its original shape), and the endurance of the blade after striking (how long it lasts).
Kontun portresinde sol tarafa iki saat yerleştirilmişken kontesin portresinde saatlerin yerini bir tesbih almıştır.
The mosque area is 130 square meter.
The process and absorption spectrum are illustrated above.
; born 25 October 1972) is a French-American economist.
Kaybedilen çoğu topun yerine 1813'te yenisi koyulsa da arabaların ve eğitimli atların kaybı seferin kalanı boyunca Napolyon'un ordusunun gücünü azalttı.
He is another scholar who signed Charter 08. According to Zhang, the two men were taken by police because they thought Liu and Zhang were trying to get more people to sign the Charter.
孫權生母为吳郡豪族出身的吴夫人，當初懷孕的時候，
They make their nests out of twigs, grass and leaves, carefully formed into a bowl shape.
DKA occurs when there is not enough insulin in the body to supply sugars to the body's cells.
The Pioneer missions were the first spacecraft to take close up pictures of Jupiter and its moons.
They are the natural recyclers of living things on our planet.
先前普魯修卡有提供幾個莉可的白笛稱呼建議，如「小孩卿」和「凸額頭眼鏡卿」《
Galerius died on 5 May, 311.
The safety level of Maslow's hierarchy includes varying levels of safety.
The ruler should not rule in a way which is bad for the state.
It was released for the Game Boy Advance in 2005.
The colonies are separated into individual family units, like an apartment complex.
As one song ends, the next song begins.
曾祖應期，生员，授陕西按察司副使。
Bu filmde 12 jüri üyesi bir cinayet sanığı hakkında tartışırken hukuk sistemi, ahlak ve vicdan gibi konular da seyirci nezdinde tartışmaya açılıyordu.
People began to draw Uncle Sam in different ways.
Acute means it only happens a short time.
After five years, Alphanim canceled new seasons and new five episodes during the total of 5x5 episodes.
This is when people ignore certain things that may solve a problem, because they already have an idea of how the problem should be solved.
Ayrıca gruba dünya çaında büyük bir ün kazandırdı.
Radical feminists are sometimes called 'radfems'.
” 参见《广播法》第15条及《日本放送协会定款》第3条。
It means that something is moved.
Filistin Kurtuluş Örgütü Ürdün’den atılmadan hemen önce ve izleyen 3 yıl boyunca birçok radikal Filistinli ve Arap gruplar Filistin Kurtuluş Örgütünden ayrılarak İsrail askeri ve sivil hedeflerine saldıracaktır.
Moyer is one of only 29 players in baseball history to date to have appeared in MLB games in four decades.
Some adjectives have irregular superlative forms, which do not follow the rules, such as far ("farthest") and bad ("worst").
，妻徐氏，繼妻趙氏；丁氏；兄節；箕，弟笙；策；篥；筌；竺；籌；範；簡；篇；箴；符，子宇；宁；守。
Joseph Michael "Joe" McDade (September 29, 1931 September 24, 2017) was a an American politician.
Served as coxswain on board the U.S.S. Oneida in the engagement at Mobile Bay, 5 August 1864.
There are also suppressed juvenile canopy layer trees waiting for an opening in the canopy.
Sometimes people make up words by adding a prefix.
Dr. Dre has also founded the company Beats Electronics, LLC.
Clause 1 of Section 2 explains the powers the federal court has, and the limits of those powers.
The country's full name is sometimes shortened to the FRG (or the BRD, in German).
，發現了投影幾何一些有趣的幾何性質 Ramanan 1997, p. 88 。
However, she stated in her post that the band would return to the studio "soon enough".
He was a member of the Christian Democratic People's Party (KDNP).
This slowing down reduces the amount of kinetic energy in the gauge boson.
Between 1992 and 1994, he served as Director General of the Slovenian National Radio and Television Broadcast.
The two main problems that occurred during the evacuation were lack of parking at shelters and exit routes for the coastlines.
Fotohistory denilen ve bizce Resim tarihi olarak bilinen çalışma alanının kurucusudur.
They did much better than the West Germany.
Assisted and funded by backer is Sofia, IMRO was divided between those wanting the whole of Macedonia annexed to Bulgaria and those who favoured a separate Macedonia in a Balkan Federation.
海軍藍色天使特技飛行隊包括至少一名海軍陸戰隊飛行員，
These transparent pits can later be read back by the CD drive or audio CD player as data or music.
Death by this method may take days.
He still lives in Berlin.
但实际上，历经长期的迁徙和混血，土耳其人和原突厥人在血统和相貌上都相去甚远。
The 1990 part is the year was the sniper rifle was made.
，学术界还没有定论，主要有彝语支、土家语支和羌语支三种看法。
Its lyrics and music were like those that would be in later songs.
He states: "We have aggressive tracks, artsy and musical tracks, which is new territory for Skillet.
American Dream also meant to live freely and equally with all other people in the United States.
Super glue will stick to human skin instantly.
He was a former comptroller of Costa Rica.
In 1994, North Korea enlarged Panmungak by adding a third floor.
Because Charlotte is in the middle of the east coast of the U.S., a lot of people drive through the city every day.
In September 1859, another son was born, and his name was also Samuel Orchart.
It is commonly believed that diamonds are formed from coal, but this is not true.
同年，入选国家队的他，因为在中超杯上发挥失常（
On April 4, 1849, the New York Knickerbockers became the first team to use uniforms.
As a leader who was weak-willed and did not want to change the country much, he soon disappointed the elected politicians who wanted to reduce the king's powers.
On the next day, the other riders did not want to race so soon after Simpson's death and asked the organisers for a postponement.
At the time, the name Hitler changed in this region several times between Hüttler, Hiedler, Hittler and Hitler.
They created a tribal court in 1992.
Rare changes occur, and these changes can be inherited.
Before that, the holiday was usually just called the "New Year".
Later, the British took over India, which lasted for 200 years.
This can be seen from Gynn Square to Rossall, and along Radcliffe Road in Fleetwood.
民国三十八年（1949年）全县辖3镇、13乡。
She played at the 2010 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship, citation 2011 Women's European Volleyball League, 2011 Women's European Volleyball Championship, 2013 FIVB World Grand Prix, citation and 2015–16 CEV Women's Champions League.
The movie often used wrong historical facts.
When it did, limited resources — both monetary and equipment — required production controls as big as in the capitalist world.
However, when the person is trying to do things to the way they look, such as combing their hair, or choosing clothes, it is common for the person to have an extreme motivation.
There are many important words taken out and added by Lincoln's own handwriting, which often changed the basic meaning of the sentence.
Sabermetrics affect about 25 percent of the vote.
Continued factional wrangling caused the public to turn away from the party.
Two years later on 1 August 1960 the country had full independence.
He completed 159 out of 284 (56 percent) of his passes for 2,527 yards and 26 touchdowns.
Taglines: They took on the government with nothing but the truth; We will not walk in fear of one another.
He finished in 30th place.
They believe that if people know about condoms and have condoms they will have more sex.
The executive selects ministers, or secretaries of state to control departments such as the health department or the department of justice.
Being the Herbert Spencer Lecture before the University of Oxford, on February 14, 1913.
一個巴尼搭訕的女子，巴尼帶她到尚未成為馬修和莉莉的新住家，並騙她說那是她家。
The company emerged from bankruptcy in 1998 and began to diversify It's output, launching imprints aimed at a variety of demographics and expanding It's cinematic offerings under the Marvel Studios banner.
It expressed itself by creating a number of spiritual, etheric, and material worlds and beings.
對父親心懷怨恨，發現父親屍體時也只是想到「夢寐以求的好事終於實現了」。
气旋成型后从10月31日晚开始朝西北方向移动，
The Labuan Financial Park.
There is a small beach.
If someone wearing lang wants to be dressed the exact same as a geisha or lang, they cannot walk around outside.
Her four siblings include Tom, Cristiana, Vânia, and Marcos.
Scripting languages may be designed to be used by the people using a program — end-user development.
It is 17.5 km from Sargodha city and 10 km away from Dhreema, due to its geographical location, the British Royal Air Force built an air base between Chak No 92 NB and Chak No 105 NB (Godhay wala) nearby.
About 9% of all gasoline sold in the US in May 2009 was premium grade, according to the Energy Information Administration.
Michetti is member of the Republican Proposal (PRO) and Cambiemos (Let's change) coalition.
This is where the wildebeest breed, as they stay in the plains from December to May.
Lamborghini stopped making the standard Diablo in 1999.
Both schools play only one sport in the MW.
David Wilsford, ed. Political leaders of contemporary Western Europe: a biographical dictionary (Greenwood, 1995) pp 368-75.
Earlier, Bane (who is now Smith) had stabbed a crew member and hid away on the Logos.
The earliest discovered fossils date to 200 mya or earlier.
It is one of the best preserved deltas on the continent.
The first ever broadcast of ABC Television - presented by Michael Charlton, 5 November 1956.
The book is the source of the well-known phrase "The medium is the message".
Old Karachay men in the 19th century.
房屋分为上屋、下屋、堂屋三大间，门设在中间，每边有三扇窗户。
EHS is not a medical diagnosis.
The current version of iOS 5 is iOS 5.1.
A compact disc does not work without a CD player.
Many rich slave owners lived in England and had a lot of power.
无调性的音乐很好的深化了主题，特别是用于表现疏远以及疯癫的变化。
Hacettepe Üniversitesi Tıp Fakültesi'nde görevine devam etmiş, Göz Hastalıkları Anabilim Dalı'nda 1996 yılında doçent, 2001'de ise profesör olmuştur.
Rooks differs from the crow by the bare grey-white skin around the base of the adult's bill, in front of the eyes.
Mandé is the province from which the Mali Empire started, under the leadership of Soundiata Keïta.
The first is the factor specific to an individual mental task: the individual abilities that would make a person more skilled at one cognitive task than another.
"kilo" already in its name.
He deceives all the people at a party.
Köyün adının heman yanından akan ve akdağdan gelen yılın 12 ayı temiz akan sudan gelmiştir.
平湖县的湖泊 citation 。
About 189 Texans held off the Mexican army for 13 days.
Normally the A330-200 points slightly downwards when it is on the ground.
Jazz music and her family's stories helped her writing.
He watches humans, which Fraggles call "silly creatures" and often misunderstands the things they do.
The building covers convert.
It was created on 1 January 2004 by the former municipalities of Enney, Estavannens and Villars-sous-Mont merged to form Bas-Intyamon.
He loved it so much that he wanted to become owner of it.
The oldest known settlement in Estonia is the Pulli settlement, which was on the banks of the Pärnu River.
Does Capital Punishment Have a Deterrent Effect?
The Trojan Room coffee pot is switched off for the last time.
她一向覺得自己長得很美，比爾博在告別宴會後送了一面哈哈鏡給她。
; Hextall also won the Conn Smythe Trophy in 1987.
Many Islamic scholars say that is an important ritual and a symbolic step of purification along the lines of Abrahamic tradition.
桑義蘭早期人類遺址，該屬具有悠久而復雜的分類史。
The North Tower was the tallest building in the world when it was built.
She had three children, Mark, Michelle and Martin.
Then they are allowed to try to become a member of the Vienna Philharmonic.
His activity was supported by T. G. Masaryk, who also contributed to his magazines.
阿格里真托的神殿之谷是希腊境外保存最完好的古希腊神庙群。
As of 2019, the city has a population of 49,356.
America Magazine.
牠們在早上及晚間活動，主要是為覓食，夜間會進行遷移。
有機農民使用覆蓋，種植覆蓋作物和間作的技術，在一年的大部分時間內保持土壤覆蓋。
In 1988, all the Crazy Cats member appeared in the movie "Company Story", which was produced a long time ago.
Annesi küçükken ona genellikle "Wretch" diye sesleniyordu ve bu lakap onun üzerinde kaldı.
The work is for a choir, solo voices and orchestra.
It is part of the E15, E80, and E714 European routes.
NASA uses this principle to prepare their astronauts for the weightlessness of space, so they had the astronauts work on parts of the space ship inside water tanks 25 feet (7.6 m) deep.
玩家必须观看自己的监视器以确认是否击毁对手。
This contained Flamsteed's observations, and included a catalogue of 2,935 stars to much greater accuracy than any previous work.
By traveling, she saw how women were treated all over.
The chart below compares Classical Chinese words to the Standard Chinese words that replaced them.
; their blunt clubs enabling them to crack the shells of their prey into pieces.
It was published with "
英语配音大部分都受到了好评，但是和原版日语配音相比较，可以看出在人物细节刻画方面依然存在差距 citation 。
One Piece is currently the most popular manga series.
而在牛肉、羊肉和乳製品（在反芻動物的胃發酵製成）自然地存在的反式脂肪酸，風險很可能低於人造反式脂肪。
，阳明学已在日本出现并进一步发展。
All were designed to force the Northern states to accept slavery.
The fist episode aired on 8 January 2010.
He was taken off life support over 12 hours later, quarter to midnight and was pronounced dead at 12:08 am on 9 September 1976.
Kısa bir süre sonra, adına bir tapınak ve rahip ithaf edilmiştir.
When growing up, children are confronted with what society expects form them as an adult.
Tarzan searches for Mary.
There were 9 people going to their first Paralympic Games.
His abilities as a team leader were greatly admired.
Most of the asteroids found by Wolf around this date were named for characters in operas, but if this name was also drawn from such a source, no explanation has been recorded.
Three sacrifices representing the Church that took away their power must be made.
CR Winners of the play-off round (Champions Route).
The water has air pumped through it to increase the oxygen in the water which assists the roots to grow.
The people would hire slaves to build houses.
The bomb blast and gunfire resulted in the deaths of seven police officers and at least four civilians; dozens of others were wounded.
The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle (c. 900) says that "Derby is divided by water".
，福州第二次被占领，学校分散。
Many people often use the terms "sex " and "gender" interchangeably, however, some people now assign them two different meanings.
On March 2, 2016, a second season was ordered.
No one was allowed to nurse, let alone express, any form of opposition".
About 500,000 people traveled on these trails and about 50,000 people died.
Iuka was created in 1877.
In some places, only the first day or three days are celebrated.
The provinces are divided into districts.
幼猴一开始紧紧地抓住母猴的肚子。
People like to eat lobsters with big claws because there is more good tasting meat in them.
While separated from TF17, Monaghan sent several messages to Nimitz and MacArthur, to allow TF17 to maintain radio silence (Cressman, p. 103; Hoyt, p. 127; Lundstrom 2006, p. 181).
Uluer, aldığı cezaların zaman aşımına uğraması sebebiyle Türkiye’ye döndü.
In 1962 the city opened its first airport.
One of the most bizarre events described was that Roman Catholic priests in the Jasenovac concentration camp working every day on the most gruesome ways to kill the camp inmates, while they went to chapel regularly each day to pray to God.
，在第二集的後面也真的實行了。
In 2008, he acted in movie "The Love Guru".
When they collapsed they produced black holes of up to 10 3 solar masses.
），其可以在很遠處被創生出來，之後才在局域發生反應，生成所觀測到的粒子。
The policy has been criticised for being anti-competitive by ensuring that the four major banks are immune from takeover by the most likely suitors.
He won as the underdog in the 1968 presidential election, winning 65.6% of the vote on a 92.2% voter turnout running against Gunnar Thoroddsen.
This period of the war ended in 421 BC, with the signing of the Peace of Nicias.
After this battle, Wu and Wei fought for several decades in Hefei.
He is a single father with one daughter, a whale named Pearl.
Some winners also received additional prizes, such as Spyridon Louis, who received a cup from Michel Bréal, a friend of Coubertin, who had conceived the marathon event.
The Lambeosaurines had hollow crests and were smaller.
There are also different kinds of spells.
In 2012, 1,193 people lived there.
They are marketed as 'Sveriges mest köpta bil' (Swedish for "Sweden's most bought car"), which might technically be correct because of the total number of marshmallows in the shape of cars that are sold.
However, Reggiana was relegated due to financial strain.
，开始反抗。6月21日，蒯大富提出“炮轰工作组”，宣称工作组不代表革命，要求夺权，史称“6·21事件”。
Sometimes the word tragedy is also used to mean something with a bad outcome in real life e.g. crime or death.
'nin iktidara gelişi ile sona ermiştir.
目前隸屬於藝人經紀公司Grick。
That is why Oppenheimer is called "the father of the atomic bomb".
It was first conducted in 1972.
The executive is the governing center of political authority.
It can also be used by others to verify that the players actually completed the game in the time they said that they did.
Most parish councillors are elected to represent the entire parish, though in parishes with larger populations or those that cover large areas, the parish can be divided into wards.
'daki 2018 İlkbahar Genel Kurulu'nda hazırlanan taslak raporda "PYD/YPG'nin, PKK'nın Suriye kolu olduğu" ifadesinin açık ve net şekilde yer almasını sağladıklarını açıkladı.
Yuengling is available as well.
Kamsky won the Chess World Cup 2007.
They are bright blue-white.
，因此她以母亲家乡作为自己的艺名。
Engraving was an important method in history of making images on paper, both in artistic ways, such as making a decorative print, and also for printing books and magazines.
Dollhouse tells the story of Dushku's character, Echo, as she starts to remember things about herself even though her mind is constantly being erased.
He won the Pulitzer Prize for Commentary in 1977.
He was a good second baseman and could hit with power.
It has two or three seats.
It is until now the only country that has granted Muslims the status of a recognized religious community.
Friedrich'i resmen Kutsal Roma İmparatorluğu tahtından attığını ilan etti.
The mayor is currently Paul Fackler.
Probably these larvae manipulate the host.
His movies usually had "thrill" sections where Lloyd would be in fast chases and performed his own stunts.
Many GPS receivers have information about places.
During this visit, he also became a well known figure around the court of King Henry VIII.
，也指努拉格时期)一词中，还有其它一些地名中。
Heisenberg's rule of multiplication left me no peace, and after a week of intensive thought and trial, I suddenly remembered an algebraic theory.
。1945年12月更名永壽路 citation citation 。
This brought attention to Carly Rae Jepsen and "Call Me Maybe".
，表示反對由王權任命神職，提出應由神職人員和教徒選出，是次抗爭失敗，黯然退出羅馬城，流浪多年。
They occupied the Presidential Palace on the next day.
如此多的球员同时牵涉禁药嫌疑，在足球历史上也极为罕见，墨西哥足协第一时间取消了这五人的国家队资格，并且做出了停赛接受调查的决定。
The memorial is shaped as a pentagon.
Aralarında Tır, Exotik Band, Ra, Painted Bird, Atmosfer, Maximal Punch Effect ve 2/5BZ gibi toplulukların elemlarının da olduğu, otuzun üstünde müzisyen, Zen'de de bir dönem çalmıştır.
，各国均广为栽培，目前中国草莓生产面积居世界首位 citation 。
The D49, D49A and D249T roads pass through the commune.
Dalí returned to this idea with The Disintegration of the Persistence of Memory (1954).
It is then moved in front of the body to hit the ball.
He led the Taíno revolt against the Spanish invaders and was captured and died in a shipwreck while being taken to Spain as a prisoner.
This made it the most widespread war in history.
Daha yoğun bir yerleşim görmüş olmasına karşın Kalkolitik Çağda da Anadolu’da bir kültür bütünlüğünden söz edilemez.
The following trains were used in London Underground.
Eski ismi İciler dir.
充滿運動設施、綠地以及親水設計的休憩場所。
Their soft bodies make them difficult to classify.
Hypoglycemia is usually caused by too much diabetic medication, insufficient food, too much exercise, or a combination of these.
Kendisi daha çok A özellikleri üzerinde çalışırken, bugün klasik kara film olarak kabul edilen 8 film çekmiştir (aynı durum, sadece Lang ve Mann’da görülebilir).
Her role as the First Lady was very decent and charming for the guests.
Dadiani, 1858 ve 1859 yılları arasında Kafkas El Bombası Bölümü'nün 1. Tugayını komuta etti.
When many individuals have immunity, they do not spread the disease any more.
It covers an area of 3,740 km².
He is one of the most important figures in the New German Cinema.
Mirzakhani proved multiple relationships between moduli spaces, classes of Riemann surface structures.
ACE is only calculated for full advisories on tropical systems at or exceeding 34 knots (39 mph, 63 km/h) or tropical storm strength.
He was the first monarch to officially drop the title of King of Pamplona in favour of King of Navarre.
The main road into the city from the Humber Bridge is named after him (Clive Sullivan Way).
It gives a computer system more features.
Even then, it ran for less than a week in the Lilo & Stitch franchise's home country and was swiftly taken off the air after only five episodes.
These dolphins always move in groups.
The characters are then seen at an indoor water park.
His second book, Get Off Your "But": How to End Self-Sabotage and Stand Up for Yourself, was published in 2009.
The product was released to manufacturing on August 1, 2012 and became generally available on September 4, 2012.
公寓大楼在建设中为了对地皮最为有效地利用 ，采用了不同的平面布局，包括一字型、八字型、点状型、行列式和周边式等。
Midsummer is celebrated with a huge bonfire in the evening of June 23. Most Danes have a three-week summer holiday in July or August.
The spirits of family members who have died are especially important.
The Rebels find out about a secret Imperial program called the Dark Trooper Project.
In 2005, Sculpture (2000), part of Tuymans' Mwana Kitoko: Beautiful White Man series, was sold at Christie's New York, for $1,472,000.
Visual kei (aka visual rock) is a Japanese musical style that started in the late 1980s.
She has been convicted in the November 9, 2005 Amman bombings in Jordan but survived when her explosive belt failed to detonate.
'ne kadar tutulu kaldı.
米治诺的统计数据全来自于美国军方。
He is the only person from Namibia to medal at the Olympics.
'ni bitirdi ve ses öğretmeni olarak çalışmalarını sürdürdü.
'nin lansmanının merkezinde yer almıştır.
The lowland plains stretch over much of the Top End and they make up nearly 70% of the Park.
He belonged to the lion cult and used machaira for rituals.
，“永远不得释放” citation citation ；凶手聞判后当庭大笑，毫无悔意。
Most of the area of the district was previously part of the old principality of Waldeck.
Its reviews were mostly positive.
Multi-cellular organisms have a set of cells that specialize in reproduction.
It was the first release off Garrix's record label STMPD RCRDS.
He was very popular in places where there were lots of sailors.
He also uses an alias called "Rusty Shackleford".
The ZPD draws attention to three important issues.
This is one kind organic material.
Bol was nicknamed Raan Cheg, 'Nute, Iron Bol, Minutiae, The Project and The Dinka Dunker.
Very few people drink no alcohol.
由於此線車隊有時候到車廠進行例行檢查，所以經常會使用後備車。
In 2017 he completed an eastward kayaking trip across the Atlantic.
Warawa lived in Langley, British Columbia.
The City Manager administers the day-to-day operations and affairs of the city for the Council and is the head of the city.
The exact date is not certain, but most agree that it was between 6 BC and 4 BC.
The opera was first performed by the Nationalsingspiel ("national Singspiel") which was sponsored by the Austrian emperor Joseph II.
In the 2010 census the population was 4,496,855.
It is the historical center of the region of Shirvan.
He was the founder and chairman of Ax the Tax. citation It is a radio talk show host.
Tchaikovsky completed the music for the ballet in April 1892.
Port Moresby was important to the Allies.
She won 5 gold medals in 5 races.
Suchet was one of the few senior French officers serving in Spain who managed to preserve their reputation intact.
Cope’s return home to Philadelphia was before the end of the Civil War.
The storm killed 38 people.
The series began in December 2007.
Zengin bir denizcilik arşivi oluşturdu.
Western series Johnny Ringo.
由於王子汽車擔心同級距車款的競爭問題，拒絕再供應這具引擎 王子汽車的最大股東是普利司通輪胎創辦人石橋正二郎，
，师从岛村俊广九段，1958年入段，1981年升为九段。
Because of the amounts of carbon living things have, all organic things are considered "carbon-based".
Japan's early parliaments, 1890-1905: structure, issues, and trends, p. 67.
Kerouac still abused alcohol and other drugs, and it harmed his health.
The two started talking about the match they could have at conventions like the ones for the video game.
随着案件—个个被侦破，危险也逐渐临近。
Examples of NEAT include jittering, walking, brushing teeth and even writing.
The Governor of Magadan is the leader of the oblast.
He was born in Schleife, Germany.
Its original office was on the second floor of Magnet House, the GEC buildings in London.
）在适当的浓度或是在一个特定的温度下相混合在一起时就形成了双水相系统。
當時宋楚瑜反問陳水扁的態度，美國向宋楚瑜保證「負責擺平」，不久宋楚瑜返回台灣，
Rivero pp. 38–41 Fielding thought that theatre was becoming bad.
This is to see if they can remain impartial.
小吉姆碰到了穹顶的屏障，他的手电筒爆炸了，茱莉亚用她的火柴引导他走出了隧道。
This helps keep the courts independent.
En uygun olan tedbirin Köroğlu'nun atı olan Kırat'ı kaçırıp getirmektir ve o zaman Köroğlu atın takip edip buraya gelecektir.
", although sometimes they have distanced themselves from the "idol"
抗战胜利后，1945年11月傅莱奉命来到张家口，负责收编日伪的蒙疆医院，并继续研制生产青霉素供应前线，
Young came to love the City of London.
The fish was an unknown Palaeorhynchus, a kind of mackerel, which lived about 30 million years ago.
His Worship lowered the point, congratulated her Majesty in coming to the most loyal city, and presented the sword to the Queen.
，位于南安市东北部，东接泉州市洛江区，西与罗东镇、九都镇毗邻，北与向阳乡毗邻，南与洪梅镇毗邻，北有小部分与仙游县接壤。
However, for many years he did not compose much.
It is one of the South's largest cities.
In 2012 they stopped working together.
The Life version has "Falling Away", and the Death version has "Meet My Maker".
In 2008 she played Keiko Endo (遠藤 恵子) in Hitomi (瞳) of the NHK television fiction show.
In 1867, Edwardsville was made the county seat. citation In 1905 Heflin became the county seat.
Uneven torque can change the speed of rotation.
：阿洛（Alo）、锡加韦（Sigavé）和乌韦阿（Uvéa），同时定界了三块区域（circonscription）。
Like in the song "
The race was the third round of the 2020 Formula One World Championship, the 36th running of the Hungarian Grand Prix and the 35th time the race had been run as a World Championship event since the first season in 1950.
Thousands are killed.
At first, the eggs float together on top of the water, but then they sink.
It was called "Nothing Left for Me".
The album sold over a million, and the next album Busker Busker 1st Finale has also been loved since it was released on June 21st.
His father Vishwanath Datta was an attorney of Calcutta High Court.
She has recently been featured as a contestant on Scared Famous alongside American reality TV personalities Don Benjamin, Sky Days, Erica Mena, Safaree Samuels, Eva Marcille, Tiffany "New York" Pollard, Drita D'Avanzo, Yung Joc and Nikki Mudarris.
She released her first album On a Mission on April 1, 2011.
He won the Creu de Sant Jordi Award in 1990.
He stayed in FCW through its name change to NXT Wrestling (now WWE NXT), and returned to the main WWE roster in July 2013.
Under fire, Lt.(j.
Ovaries and testicles are sometimes called "gonads".
It reflected his interest for society which appeared more often in his later work.
Gordon Lee Walgren (March 7, 1933 – March 13, 2018) was an American politician and lawyer.
Her research works were published in scientific journals in France, Canada and United States.
Mrs. Delvile, after kissing Cecilia goodbye, leaves as soon as she is better.
Department of Computer Science and Software Engineering, The University of Melbourne, Australia.
Astaire declined the project after reading the script citation and asked to be released from his contract with Paramount.
He made his first movie The Dybbuk in 1952.
In his last moments he granted Thrall the title of Warchief.
Pintel is played by Lee Arenburg, and Ragetti is played by Mackenzie Crook.
They also sleep there (because they have nowhere else to go).
Echocardiography dates back to the 1950s and was invented by Carl Helmuth Hertz and Inge Edler.
If the goal went into the net it would be counted as a goal.
自 2010 年以來，超過半數的新增風力發電來自傳統的歐洲和北美市場以外，主要是持續發展的中國和印度。2015 年底，
At the time, he told his son, "God has destined you for greatness."
If he had his real hand again, it wouldn't make sense.
The railway station opened in 1875 and closed in 1974. citation The signal box was still used until 1979.
"Autism genetics: strategies, challenges, and opportunities."
Before the 2004 elections, a part of the occupying forces left the city.
They wrote the screenplay for Chocolate (2007), Robinhood (2009), Makeup Man (2011) and Seniors (2012).
Beck put forward three levels of cognition which are core beliefs, dysfunctional assumptions and negative automatic thoughts.
》的官方文件，同年10月30日對中國生效 citation 。
Ardından Baku Polytechnical Technicum'una başlar ve oranı birincilikle bitirir.
狹頜海鰻，又稱細頜鰻，俗名丁香鰻、尖嘴鰻，
Oceanic crust generally does not last longer than 200 million years.
It is on the east bank of the Volga.
The first use of the term in this form was in the creationist textbook Of Pandas and People, published in 1989.
Uluslararası çevre örgütleriyle birlikte çalışıp Türkiye'nin doğal güzelliklerini tanıtmak amacıyla kurulmuştur.
Wild in the Country is a 1961 American musical drama movie.
Schjerfbeck's birthday, 10 July, is Finland's national day for the painted arts.
The difference between the energy flux and the pressure is like the difference between the heat coming through a large window and the weight of a very small mosquito.
Switzer finished the race.
After the department finishes recruiting applicants, it randomly picks KATUSA soldiers for the next year who meet all the standards required.
这实际上是由当局于1988年12月实行的，当时苏维埃政府发布声明，
Ganeshi Lal (born 1 March 1941) is an Indian politician.
祖與，魏儻城郡守，贈直州刺史。
He was a brother of the Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity (Lambda chapter).
On the night of April 6, Hutu militias also went house to house in Kigali, killing Tutsis.
The nuclear power industry provides many jobs in the region.
At Kras City, Jak, Daxter and his pals have a toast from Rayn, Krew's daughter.
Again, the two forms are equivalent (see the "proof" section below).
The Journal of the Stomatological Society, Japan, 76(1), 25-30.
This was most likely the reason for the low number of people who used it.
The provincial capital is Franceville.
The term "nephrology" was first used in about 1960.
It was directed by Gordon Douglas.
The movie opens with Tod and Copper chasing a cricket together.
This can crystallize in three ways.
Yalnız ya da çift olarak avlanan kurtların başarı oranı büyük sürüler hâlinde avlanan kurtlardan genel olarak daha yüksektir.
以某年某月日，葬于京兆府某县之某原，前夫人博陵崔氏焉，礼也。
The game also recolored the main outfits of most of the characters, and the game's final boss, Jinpachi Mishima, got a new design, giving him a flame-like appearance, with a horn coming out of his head.
It comes in 12–13 cm wheels and approximately 4 cm thick, and is aged for one to two weeks.
He was a professor of Geography Department of Lanzhou University and a Dean of the Geography Department of Lanzhou University.
Deneyin sonuçları ise mağdurun yardım isteyiş şeklinin önemine dikkat çekti.
Welwyn Garden City had a population of 46,619 in 2011 according to the national census, citation and 51,735 (estimated) in 2016.
A dormant volcano is "sleeping," but it could awaken in the future.
In October 2012 she performed at the BET Black Girls Rock!
对同年6月14日，公董局批准了此次方案。
Her father, Francis van Arnum Brown, was a meat salesman.
中華聯邦主義只在民間層面得到討論，再無得到政府官方關注。
He was the first non-
Then it is no longer useful.
The 2013 game, Company of Heroes 2, showed the battle in certain missions.
教務主任主辦，卻對外宣稱為家長會所主辦，校方僅是接受委託提供場地及師資，以規避法律刑責，
萬曆三十一年癸卯科举人，三十二年甲辰科進士。
In fact, both slips of paper said "teacher", so the actor pretended to have picked "learner".
There are three rivers in as attractions.
Gunray also feared they could be too controlling.
The day was the twenty-third birthday of John Tyler.
Vice versa, if one changes one bit of the ciphertext, then attempts to decrypt it, the result is a message completely different from the original plaintext—SP ciphers are not easily malleable.
University of Washington Press, 2001, p. 63. They were invaded by Russia in 1792.
Also the Kaaba was cleaned with sacred water (Zamzam) under his guidance.
The Safavids made the greatest Turkish empire since the Muslim conquest of Persia.
John Seigenthaler moved to the Soviet Union in 1972, and returned to the United States in 1984.
This was a complicated machine with gears, axles, and levers that was powered by a waterwheel,".
所播劇集是與其他機構合作製作的劇集。
When Siena captured the lands of the Aldobrandeschi in 1244, Grosseto was under their control again.
While the Chipmunks like Samantha, her son Miles is a bully who physically abuses the trio.
ABD'nin savaşı başlatmak için temel gerekçesi, Saddam Hüseyin'in nükleer ve biyolojik silahlar geliştirdiği ve El Kaide ile bağları olduğunu iddia ettiği için rejimi ABD ve dünya topluluğu için "ciddi ve büyüyen" bir tehdit haline getirdiği idi.
、“ 金齿蛮”、“銀齿蛮”、“繡面蛮”、茫蠻、繡脚，“白衣”等，
The game was quickly designed.
If I hadn't heard her I'd have probably done something entirely different." liner notes on the album A Collection by Anne Briggs.
The aircraft diverted to Malaga to prevent a similar problem.
This area is about 1100 metres above sea level in the south and 700 metres in the north.
黄奭的《黄氏逸书考》中收有《侯果易注》一册 這些資料除引自於李鼎祚《周易集解》外，還包括宋代鄭剛中《周易窺餘》、李衡《周易義海撮要》、朱震《漢上易傳》，元代吳澄《易纂言》，明代魏睿《易義古象通》、熊過《周易象旨決錄》等書。
However, both of these only work if the werewolf in question is in wolf form.
Diomed, who was imported in 1800 was the most important thoroughbred imported to America in its early years.
Shirley finds herself regularly alone and talking to the wall.
This is what this cat is named for.
Once the vertebrate eye had evolved, the only way it could improve was to minimise the effect of the blind spot.
The old site is now a small park.
It is also called HK-pop, short for "
如能確實遵守便可獲得庇祐，一旦違背約定，則禍害無窮。
This made the band more popular.
On 27 April 2006, the BBC announced Holby Blue, a police procedural spin-off from Holby City.
It ensures that they can conduct military actions in space quickly and for a long time.
The court ordered all existing prints of Nosferatu burned, but one purported copy of the film had already been distributed around the world.
He invented many tools in the process.
Johnson and Peano used the simple (x) for universal quantification, and ∃x for existential quantification.
The Elizabeth Morgan case was a local and international child custody contest between Elizabeth Morgan and Eric Foretich over their daughter, Hilary Antonia Foretich.
Gluck's student short film name Man's Best Friend was awarded the esteemed Walter Lantz Award.
The difference between each step is usually 10, with each order being either 10 times greater or 10 times smaller than the next amount.
Here ASR feels so jealous with Harry.
In August 2013, Todd Orlando accepted an invitation to attend the main NHL training camp of the Philadelphia Flyers 2013-14 team with the training camp beginning on September 11, 2013.
It is the first TMNT movie to feature Krang, Bebop and Rocksteady.
Frestonia, 1977'de Freston Yolu sakinleri tarafından benimsenen isimdi.
Kate, and her family tried to help her.
A redundant entry is the repetition of the subject or answer in a voice in which one or two of the aforementioned have already been stated.
Over the years governments and businesses have talked about making Parkes an "inland port".
This means you do not need to use different forms of the same word.
The following artists achieved four or more number-one hits during the 1970s.
Other leaders, such as Poggle the Lesser and San Hill, gave money and droids to the Separatist cause.
The west coast was also visited by Nicolas Baudin at around the same time.
；並於2015年2月15日播畢。
This is a list of letter series with their dates and prices.
銅鑼灣書商的系列失蹤案，引起中外媒體極大關注，更點燃香港部分民眾對一國兩制的疑慮與不滿。
In which case, the skin would be coloured.
菲律宾许多美国人把当地人视为劣等种族，但塔夫脱曾在抵达前不久表示：“我们要彻底消除他们的这种看法”。
Bununla birlikte, oyunun hareket algılaması "sinir bozucu ve umursamaz" olarak kabul edildi ve oyun, grafik kalitesi ve kariyer modları veya indirilebilir içerik eksikliği nedeniyle de tarandı.
She was part of the Cuban national team at the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship citation and 2018 Panamerican Cup.
The city is connected to State Route 49 and State Route 88.
It had its landfall in the coastal town of Alibag in Maharashtra on 3 June 2020.
In many states, there are villages which are bigger than the smallest cities in the state.
The Prince of Wales was still sailing around England up until 1797.
She starred in more than 30 movies.
However, in recent years, the group has started using western instruments, such as the guitar.
。 citation citation 以含糖飲料之普及性和年輕消費者對它們的喜愛促使其攝取成為公共衛生專家特別關注的議題。
In 1898, he sponsored the Curtis Act of 1898, which took power away from tribal leaders.
The first was Almaz-T which launched on 29 October 1986.
然而以射程來區分飛彈種類總是帶有主觀性和一定的隨意性，所以目前並沒有普遍接受的定義嚴格地區分上述各種類型的導彈，所有定義都只在一定的學術群體內部能夠達成共識。
Uenuku is a Māori god of rainbows.
He attended Southampton College of Long Island University, and studied acting at Chicago's Goodman Theatre.
The antlers of female reindeer are smaller than the antlers of males.
Twenty Emmys were awarded to writers, actors, and crew members.
於2014至2015年年度，初中及高中全面以英語授課（中文、中史、聖經、普通話、生活與社會/通識除外）。
The name of the band means the brand of a "high octane" green tea which Cometbus found in the dump.
What happened to her after her release is not known.
臨死前留下四魂之玉的光會殺了奈落的遺言。
His results proved the theory of transfer of training.
They are less expensive than the regular expansion packs.
He gets hit in the eye.
This was the first encounter with Vikings in southern England.
MÖ 500 yılından sonra Dalaman Çayı koya taşıdığı alüvyonlarla koy dolmuş ve bugünkü ova oluşmuştur.
Xenia between her parents.
Such music can be hard to understand.
然后，最高排名的不配对的参赛者被允许作为他或她的队友起草任何剩余的不配对的参赛者; 这个过程一直持续到十一支队伍确定。
It gets over the problem of every language having its own names for animals and plants.
After a series of kicks to the head to win, he continued his assault after the match finished resulting in Triple H being written off television for ten months.
Quorn, the famous meat substitute company, takes its name from the village.
Many microSD cards are sold with a standard SD adapter, so that people can use them in devices that take standard SD but not microSD cards.
The oldest of these was near Arpinum, which he inherited.
There is no set limit to population in the communes, but once they exceed a population of 10,000 people, the commune gets the status of a city.
"Material forming any stratum were continuous over the surface of the Earth unless some other solid bodies stood in the way"
A series of events can provide evidence to provide or support a precise date.
One group of them kept their link to the water, and always laid their eggs in water.
She is also a member of the band Kurobara Hozonkai under the nickname YUI-EL.
When the refrigerant changes from a gas back to a liquid, it loses heat energy.
If this location is referenced, it is very probable that locations that are physically close to it will be referenced as well.
In 1871, Kimimasa Yuri, who was a lord of Fukui Domain (region), brought some silk goods from Europe to Fukui when he joined a study tour in Europe.
It was also translated into more than 20 languages.
After the Battle of the Maritsa River, the Ottomans conquered southern Serbia and Macedonia.
，最后一个气旋则在10月26日后失去踪影，
During his time, there were a few other people who wrote on the subject, including Charles Stansfeld Jones and J.F.C. Fuller.
Because of this order the street was closed, the houses had no back doors and the people could not go out without climbing down from their roofs.
Korporatizm, hepsi de tüketici olan bütün üreticiler tarafından, bütün tüketiciler için düzenli üretimdir.
On December 14, 1947, the stadium officially opened.
青草湖因為四周環山所以當地氣候比較溫暖，早期湖面比較大，有許多豐富的水生植物和魚類，但是後來泥沙淤塞漸漸的變多，水庫優養化嚴重，布袋蓮長滿整個湖面，加上慕名而來的眾多遊客，讓青草湖生態分布及生物種類有很大的改變。
These supplements have been proven to help treat HIV because HIV can cause micronutrient deficiencies, so the supplements can help replenish these needed vitamins and minerals.
，從而形成混入方言成分的标准德语變體。
此外贝多芬第六交响曲的部分场面镜头被拉近（用来消除黑人马的镜头）。
His mother, Rosaura Ayala, was a peasant from the province of Cundinamarca.
偏食維持了109分，全食維持49分 citation 。
According to Kevin Peraino, Lincoln "should be considered one of America’s seminal foreign-policy presidents — a worthy model for students of global affairs."
You can't draw the line like that.
In Singapore, it is officially known as the Tuas Second Link.
Bryant wanted to work as a lawyer until she discovered computer science.
The Fall of Ideals is the third studio album by All That Remains.
石柱上楹聯多係清治時陳望曾、陳維英、陳樹藍等人之作 。
Ağustos 2004 tarihinde yayımlanmıştır.
These three examples, and most other cases, use the part for the whole.
A cigar with a storage tube and a cigar cutter.
It is an important place for birds.
Dorothy fell from the deck of the Mayflower into the water and drowned a short time after the ship landed.
There is, however, a belief of many peoples that dry land exists.
·古今正史篇》则云：“刘向，向子歆，及诸好事者，若冯商、卫衡、扬雄、史岑、梁审、肆仁、晋冯、段肃、金丹、冯衍、韦融、萧奋、刘徇等，相次撰续，迄于哀、平间，犹名《史记》。
It has grown through mergers.
At most technical trade fairs, many exhibitors will promote their products by giving away free drives.
League matches are played.
The regions are then divided into provinces.
For this reasons, fire escapes are installed, and signaled.
Charlotte Pollard was the Doctor's first companion in the audio series by Big Finish.
There is one difference between games played in the American League and games played in the National League.
She read many books, so she learned to become a good writer.
Dayfallah was the Prime Minister of the Yemen Arab Republic for 26 April to 5 October 1963, under President Abdullah as-Sallal.
The town is protected by a convert levee, but the local hospital and aged care home have been evacuated and an evacuation centre established.
Irene Hagen (born 8 January 1981) is a Spanish water polo player.
Thousands of pilgrims from all over the world come to be (re-)baptized there every year.
During the mid-1990s, Kulitja worked with other women artists on the interior design of the park's cultural centre.
Other sorts are "French andouille" and "German andouille"; they are less spicy than Cajun.
In 2001, there were 84 people living in Dunwich.
Three forts in the Ohio Country were taken in a second wave of attacks in mid-June.
However, most ionizing radiation is filtered out by the atmosphere.
In 1907, Ives had his first "
Büyük Buhran'ın postmodern versiyonuna bir çözüm olarak bir 'Avrupa Yeşil Yeni Anlaşması' sunmayı planlıyor.
二戰結束后，1947年（昭和22年）4月，林以文重建了戰前很繁榮的紅磨坊新宿座 。
God then commanded Moses to write the Law on stone tablets for the Israelites to remember.
It is 1,950m tall.
In order to control the level of noise in the workplace, a noise dosimeter which is a device that is used to measure the amount of noise in a workplace over time is used.
Its hair and nails are falling off.
，其w < 1，以及k-essence（kinetic quintessence的簡寫），
Martha's work as a dipper or bather involved running a bathing machine.
On 25 August, the 2nd U.S. Armored Division fought its way into Elbeuf, making contact with both British and Canadian armoured divisions there.sfncheck The 2nd Canadian Infantry Division advanced into the Forêt de la Londe, on the morning of 27 August.
Its initial lack of appreciation was overcome by inviting Schoenberg to come to England and conduct it himself in 1914.
He married his wife Pamela West in 1998.
積分排名最高的球會，在賽季結束時自動晉升為阿根廷足球乙級大都會區聯賽。
During the late 1990s, Frank began playing songs with David Bridie, and formed a new project called Digital Dreaming with Jim Lampi, Simon MacDonald and Zeus B. Held.
This work has been described as "the greatest intellectual achievement of world war II". citation Tutte worked out that the machine made each keystream character by combining the effects of two sets of five wheels.
It was also on LaBelle's album Be Yourself.
書目雜誌（Booklist）也稱該書為「有說服力的，引人入勝。
At the entrance of the attraction is Penguin Walkabout that opened in 1985.
"Ms" can be used for either.
In 1838 Thomas Icely asked that a village be started to supply items for his big farm.
She spitefully threatens to name Mitch as Kyle's killer.
He traveled all over South India explained Madhvacharya's Dvaita philosophy and attributed with a number of miracles.
Most people who contract COVID-19 recover.
At the end of the music video, they listed the names of the fans that sent them letters as a credit.
He was a teacher at the Académie Julian in Paris.
Enquiry into plants and minor works on odours and weather signs, with an English translation by Sir Arthur Hort, bart (1916).
When a panic attack happens, this life-saving fight or flight system is simply kicking in when it is not needed.
He was a leader of South man party, 1675 -
If it is squared or some other power, it will be curved.
It was famous during the years of Jacksonian democracy.
，郑昭公雖在前701年繼位，權位並不穩固。
The field was renamed Mall of America Field at the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome in October 2009.
The 1808 revolting insurgents killed Alemdar Mustafa Pasha.
Barton was first terrified of this, but she soon taught a class of forty girls and boys in a local school.
原型也可以免除適用於最終產品的一些要求。
Megabats do not echolocate, but instead eat fruit or nectar.
Most live in cities, but a few thousand still follow a traditional way of life.
In 2001 there were 480 people living in Aikton.
If a player gets a red card, they can't play in that game anymore.
Enemies that require more than one hit to be defeated will be alerted to the player via the use of a "jump-force" alert audio sound.
His story has been told in art and literature.
Spyware tracks your computer and uses some of the things on it.
The Gault Millau restaurant guide gave him 17 points and in 1989 he was elected cook of the year.
Kulübün renkleri aynı zamanda Jeonju'nun da rengi olan yeşildir.
It is near the river Lippe, approx.
Also, the CSM was only fueled to a weight of convert instead of the lunar mission weight of convert.
It is at 51° 01 North, 04° 00 East.
In 1910–13, he worked with fellow psychologists Max Wertheimer and Kurt Koffka.
There are many editions of Monopoly.
Before the launching of the Hipparcos satellite telescope, distance estimates for the star varied widely, from 96 light years to 1200 light years.
The athletes are allowed to touch the bar but they must not knock it down.
It is also important for military operations.
但料事如神的境界，卻常被保守的水鏡認為過於大膽猜測，是八人中最擅長神行之術的人。
At the end of January, there were fires in the Gippsland area of Victoria.
The building is a former Christian Science Church.
Hendrik Willem van Loon wrote lots of books.
The humeral immune system contrasts with the cell-mediated immunity.
Any remaining cars on the circuit race to the finish line and complete the lap they are on.
In the late 2000s, the Cincinnati Zoo was named the Greenest Zoo in America for their "go green" practices.
She thinks more about her brother and Cecilia than herself.
"Patrick O'DEA" (12 February 2013) 他的喪禮在同年2月13日於當地舉行，遺體隨後安葬於綠園墓園（Green Park Cemetery）。
Sapphires have a long history.
It closed on 7 September 2008 after a run of 5,123 performances.
In 1991, the electronic exchanges were approved, and in 1994, the market with grida (A,B,C) was abolished.
FM2007的Mac版,Intel Mac版和Xbox360版之后也陆续发售。
Faltering for a moment, she admits that she still loves him, but she will not allow him to ruin her.
Bu masanın çevresinde öğrencilere veya diğer gözlemcilere, yapılan diseksiyonları yukarıdan kolaylıkla izleyebilecekleri bir görüş açısı sunan, dairesel, eliptik ya da sekizgen katlar ve bunlara ait korkuluklar bulunur.
The Cow Parade has been in Argentina, Brazil and Mexico, also.
Annabeth appears in this book searching, with her dad, for cousin Magnus.
In the multiplayer mode, Alex using laptop gun and K7 Avenger always wins over Toz and his proximity mines.
Rogers Park is located nine miles north of the Cook County Courthouse in downtown Chicago.
However, in the UK their influence in the rule of the country is very small, leaving government to the governing party elected by the people.
Another policeman, Trooper Byrne, was shot in the foot.
Some musicians only play music when they have written music in front of them, but it can be great fun to improvise music.
Ukrayna'nın Ekonomi ve Ticaret Bakanı, Aivaras Abromavicius ve onun tüm ekibi yenilenen krizin içine ekonomiyi tekrar daldırma ve kökleşmiş bozulmalar iddiasıyla Şubat 2016'da istifa etmiştir.
One which is Ace is a singer in the Philippines before he turned out to be part of the group.
It is in the west-central area of the state.
He plays for Aves.
It seems their function is to introduce the idea of fatalism, the idea that we are not masters of our fate.
Hercules escapes from the Amazons and warns the men of the village of the forthcoming attack.
"A native of New York, Maskin grew up in New Jersey, in a nonreligious Jewish home in the town of Alpine."
After she got married Claude spent the rest of her life having babies.
尽管在经济上受到了损失，但1942年间澳大利亚的各支船队却毫无损失。
This information is used to support military operations, planning, and defence policy.
People might use drugs as medicine if they are sick and the drugs help make them better.
's Secret (시크릿) citation as well as the Radio Star, for which bandmate Kyuhyun took over the role.
This means people catch the birds and make them hunt for them.
These female factory workers were often called: Lowell Girls, named to the place Lowell.
Solar cookers are an inexpensive and environmentally sound alternative to traditional ovens.
But his order was obeyed without any objections from his nobles.
The French suffered greatly in during Napoleon's retreat.
They are playful and like toys very much.
、曲艺比赛并获奖，同时不断在海内外演出。
On one side, the minority rule government, led by Ian Smith, hoped to keep the whites in power.
The primary colours for television screens and computer monitors are red, green and blue.
Jordan began writing songs when she was in third grade.
This makes it hard for humans to read an assembly program.
Very often they are transitory, they rarely last longer than six months.
He was sports anchor at WTOG-TV and WFLA-TV where he was host of Pulse Plus! on WTVT-TV before WFLA-TV fired Harris.
"Once you learn how to think about art, you can teach yourself," she said.
Before the trade deadline, teams can trade players.
They collected moon rocks and examined the Surveyor 3 spacecraft that had landed on the Moon in 1967.
Földi earned numerous awards for his results and achievements, most notably he was named Weightlifter of the Century by the International Weightlifting Federation and was elected for Sportsperson of the Nation in Hungary.
He served the role until his death in January 2020.
Teams are allowed to switch between Detour choices, but there is a harsh 6-hour penalty if you quit a Detour.
He raised seven children.
Prince Puma was crowned as the first Lucha Underground Champion on October 5, 2014.
Russia was bankrupt and could not continue fighting.
The blue/black stain is what shows starch is present.
However, hotel booking websites do show lower prices at some times of the year.
且書不繇廷推，特出內降，此祖 宗來所未有。
It is about events which take place between late 1994 until mid 1995.
Zira düşman her taraftan Bakü üzerine yürüyordu.
The name started being used in 2003.
This view is disputed by some.
He was interrogated on 18 May 1945.
栖息地包括温带草原、温带疏灌丛、亚热带或热带的（低地）干草原、亚热带或热带的（低地）干燥疏灌丛和地中海型疏灌丛。
Al-Qaheri wrote his book debut in field of entrepreneurship which its name is "الطريق إل ريادة الاعمال" (The Way to Entrepreneurship) on 2017.
One of the best music video she had in her carreer was "Sanjha Pakha Ekanatama" by Nabin K. Bhattarai.
A all-out war fought between two or three major powers would be a world war.
It makes hardware systems and enterprise software citation (software for businesses) such as database management systems.
It was distributed by Tiffany Pictures.
She has written and/or produced television series and movies including Little Bear, Race, Ninja Turtles: The Next Mutation and Totally Spies!
One by one the men on the list were taken from their cabins or fields.
The coat-of-arms of the Royal Society as a stained-glass window.
The district magistrate or the deputy commissioner is assisted by a number of officers belonging to Himachal Administrative Service and other Himachal state services.
The founders solved this issue by dropping the Amendment requirements.
It is made by stretching and folding the dough into strands.
Behaviour, such as male-to-male combat and female choice of males is a kind of secondary sex characteristic.
Virginia Woolf: the impact of childhood sexual abuse on her life and work.
Brown's men took his rifle and two saddles, but let Wilkinson live.
，是最後一名離世的日本籍八路軍老兵 citation 。
，證實其中數十件雕工精巧的獅座、托木、豎材、螭虎栱、花籃，出自黃龜理之手，而向縣府申請15萬元進行除蟲與防腐處理 。
He was married to Skyne Uku from the 1960s until his death in 2013.
，引發了由Henry Hope Reed, Jr.
The full name of Karate is "Karate-do" which means "the way of the empty hand" in English.
Maliye bölümleri, öncelikle devletin mali personel ve uzman ihtiyaçlarını karşılama amacıyla kurulmuştur.
父親main（本名井上正喜）、女兒main（本名鐘弘亞樹）同樣都從事編劇。
Beloit was first settled by A.A. Bell in 1868. he wanted to water power better.
Agriculture is the back bone of Pakistan's economy.
He was the leader of the Lucchese crime family from 1987 to 2012.
自2007年起一直積極參與戲劇演出，曾參演電影《 為妳鍾情 》、微電影《 情繫魔音 》、搖滾音樂劇《 Leaving》、大龍鳳劇團《米田共控訴系列之米》、《好人有限醫務集團》、有骨戲《售氣帝國》、《愛喪事家庭》及劇棧《13》等。
He gets annoyed that Ellen is worried about the boy and runs off with him.
在高等教育方面，main成立于2004年，是当地的一个非学历制艺术学校。
The total was 230,000 soldiers, including 100,000 new soldiers.
The Commission is created by the Head of State (the Sovereign, or his/her representative in the form of a Governor-General or Governor) on the advice of the Government.
The United States once again had prosperity.
His planning exploded my mind."
They use several different types of calls.
阿炳紀念館亦在2007年開放，前後投入近七千萬元人民幣，被《無錫商報》評論為「無錫最昂貴的紀念館」。
Dialogue or dialog is a shared inquiry or the art of thinking together.
The show went into national syndication in 1988 as Live! with Regis and Kathie Lee.
A hippalektryon is a mythical creature, part horse and part rooster.
This process began at least 5 million years ago.
It is important to note that our only sources available for our understanding of Sabellianism are from people who opposed it.
An area of high air pressure to the west of Britain and Ireland formed in late November to early December, which caused numerous windstorms to turn north to Norway and Sweden.
It is sometimes used to relieve acid indigestion, a sickness caused by lots of acid in one's stomach.
。1930年10月27日是臺灣神社祭，霧社地區照例舉辦聯合運動會。
Altaic Language Family Tree Ethnologue report for Altaic.
This idea of liberalism leads to issues of sharing, equality, and fairness in social and political circumstances.
It really had nothing to do with me.
济南铁路线上的城市里，依托城市进行重点防御。
He is then hired by Mr. Krabs.
İnfazın tarihsel gelişimi ceza ve ceza hukukunun tarihsel gelişimi ile beraber yürümüştür.
She became famous as his eyes and ears, meeting thousands of ordinary people and bringing their concerns to Roosevelt.
He said that "it were death to her to have it broken off".
The original dragon was a water god.
The dough is then spread out flat.
People who practice idolatry believe that God is the material object itself.
His goal was to be prepared for the 2018 World Cup in Kranjska Gora.
Red foxes usually mate in the winter.
Phoebus Addition, Section E, Grave 695. Find A Grave Memorial no.
Computer Modeling and Simulation of Dynamic Systems Using Wolfram SystemModeler.
This is proved because a computer can try out every alternative.
，对英国政府公然违背国际承诺，为持有BNO港人提供赴英居留和入籍路径，表示强烈谴责和坚决反对，形容英方「人無信不立，國無信則衰」，背信毁诺，中国政府采取反制措施，完全是对等反应和正当回击 citation 。
Three people become jurors each year.
CBT alone is 50-75% effective for overcoming depression and anxiety after 5 – 15 modules.
Staunton ran a chess column in the Illustrated London News from 1845 to his death in 1874.
It is 338 meters above sea level.
Software is pre-recorded and mostly is encyclopedias, foreign language dictionaries and novels.
Those rivers that flow from the Sierra de Bahoruco sometimes do not have water.
The capital is Moyeni/Quthing.
In 1987, she married judge Harry Leinenweber.
Some warships exist to carry powerful radio receivers and computers to detect and analyze transmissions from nearby ships.
Their colours are blue and white.
In 1986, Suárez ran again for Prime Minister.
Birlikte üç romantik gün geçirirler, ardından Oliver ayrılır ve kalbi kırılmış olan Elio eve döner.
The Grand Design: A European solution to German reunification.
's scientific poem "On the Nature of Things" (c. 60 BC) has a description of Brownian motion of dust particles in verses 113–140 from Book II.
Bahşın 2006 yılı nüfusu 13,389 kişi ve 2,833 hanedir.
Excerpt 1: "He was born of an Iranian family in 362/973 (according to al-Ghadanfar, on 3 Dhu'l-Hididja/ 4 September — see E. Sachau, Chronology, xivxvi), in the suburb (birun) of Kath, capital of Khwarizm".
Here is the highest point of the island, Pico de Antónia, convert high.
They did some music for wrestlers in the World Wrestling Entertainment business.
该市镇总面积10.35平方公里，2009年时的人口为313人。
為了拯救重要的人，驅流用最强的力量和禁斷的力量“成人模式”迎擊同班同學，在魔王軍和同班同學之間來回穿梭，以回到現實世界為目標。
It's preceded by the season 0 (pre-1) (pilot) episode recorded and made in August 7, 1989, produced in August 7, 1990 and released in 2001.
However, he is angry when Wormwood makes more and more mistakes.
When males reach sexual maturity in their early teens, the matriarch and other female members of the group will chase him away.
A nine-branch menorah is used during Hanukkah.
當地地小無法用兵，有搶掠城下的賊人，他就獨自開門勸諭，不聽命的，就說：「寧願殺我，都不要殺我的百姓。
Two million people visit the Christmas markets each year.
除此之外，TI級油輪的甲板也整個漆成亮白色以反射日間航行時照射在甲板上的陽光，降低原油受熱揮發出易燃氣體的速率，是迥異於過去的油輪、兼顧環保與安全性的新設計。
He is a Top rapper, singer, songwriter, model, and actor.
In January 1880, Nell Arthur came down with a cold.
The uplands, areas of higher landmass, form a triangle that is nested in the familiar downward-pointing triangle of the Indian sub-continent's coastline.
The end of serfdom in England around 1600 conincides approximately with the start of chattel slavery in the English-speaking parts of the Western hemisphere.
自2015年開始，他是阿肯色州第4選舉區選出的美國眾議院議員。
Most cargo ships that do not carry bulk goods are container ships.
永曆帝逃入緬甸，他依然連同諸鎮死守。
比如，添加溶质会降低水势，而压力的增大会提高水势。
Union troops concentrated their attack on this point.
She regularly appears in the media promoting the Michelle for George lingerie line.
His father thought he was not trying to make a living.
He was influenced by Andrew Jackson.
It comes under the 'N-Ward' of Mumbai municipality.
Slogans vary from the written and the visual to the chanted and the vulgar.
A bookkeeper is another term for an accountant, but can sometimes means a person who does accounting but maybe doesn't have as much formal education as an accountant.
The other part is a mobile handset.
He had difficulty understanding the character in rehearsal and asked Benois for guidance.
Another publisher, Ahmed Rahim Tutal, was attacked, but he lived.
Hennady Lysenchuk - 1994 yılından bugüne kadar.
當訊號因為傳輸路徑不同，而造成訊號強度或相位改變，則稱為多重路徑衰弱。
He completed 12 of 20 passes for 133 yards over the season.
、三条烛试（夜试）、试期在春三月（春试）、科目中的宾贡科、咒噤科等。
It is sometimes called Grays Thurrock.
It's got a shot that's always stuck with me, when Buzz Lightyear discovers he's a toy.
Ayrıca sabun ile el yıkama, ishali %48 oranında azaltabilir.
There is the Domain ‘Sterrebos’ and nature reserve ‘De Kleiputten’.
These are called congenital brain injuries.
公民綱領黨黨魁、總理圖斯克表示：「這對我和公民綱領黨是最高的榮譽，我們將在未來四年裡為各位服務，無論你們今日投給了誰。
根据定义，该段端口属于“动态端口”范围，没有端口可以被正式地注册占用。
The lower parts of the Levite pews originate from the 14th century, the baldachin and the rear are a reconstruction of the 19th century.
GX animation) to be his/her partner.
The cottonmouth's diet consists of birds, frogs, toads, lizards, smaller cottonmouths, small alligators and turtles, and a few other things.
There are also many of the animals.
It was destroyed by earthquakes.
He was Secretary to the Ministry of Defence and Urban Development from 2005 to 2015.
She started working in journalism in 1973.
In May, at Fish River in Fogg’s ironbark slab humpy, six miles from Bigga, Peisley and Frank Clark reunited and teamed with John Gilbert as highway robbers, ‘sticking up’ travellers in the area between Bathurst, Lambing Flat, Gundagai and Yass.
在1991年交易截止日期之前的一周，雄鹿將皮爾斯（Derce）交易到了西雅圖超音速隊（Dale Ellis）。
，春日部市立的攻勢幾乎完全被壓制。
直至1915年11月3日，但泽号才再度可供使用。
In 1992, Hansen was in prison again.
Judith Green，"David I and Henry I"，第3頁.
The movie was successful in terms of earnings.
Huich'on, Kuzey Kore Telekomünikasyon Üniversitesi'ne ev sahipliği yapar.
When blood pressure is measured for medical purposes, diastolic pressure is the second number in the "ratio" of systolic to diastolic pressure; for example: 120/80.
Goolaerts signed his first professional contract with Lotto–Soudal as a stagiaire, starting on 1 August 2016, before signing with UCI Professional Continental team Vérandas Willems–Crelan for the 2017 season.
's government offices, a handful of chapels, the Vatican Museum and the Vatican library.
The Birds of the Western Palearctic.
She was an actress in Hollywood during the 1940s and 1950s.
He played bass and/or written songs for Art Bergmann, DSK, ShoCore, Chrome Dog, Bif Naked and Real McKenzies, and others.
The babies have to defend themselves from birth.
Ivan Passer (10 July 1933 – 9 January 2020) was a Czech-American movie director and screenwriter.
They are also collected and traded among other collectors.
在每桶油10美分的年代，近地表勘探（水文，采矿和土木工程）和石油勘探还不够达到收支平衡。
It is north of the Kansas River.
Dengue fever is caused by the dengue virus.
副產物的供應潛力定義為在當前市場條件下（技術和價格）每年從其主體材料中商業化提取的量 citation 。
The movie has received mixed reviews from critics.
His company Bad Robot Productions will produce it.
In the 1950s, the Woman's Board focused on 'older women as office workers.'
提出「不拍刑偵劇」、「想被眾多的女孩子包圍」、「希望追加只吸B型血的吸血鬼設定」等等要求，某種程度上來說，是導致劇本從一開始的刑偵劇變成現在的校園驚悚劇的主因。
Şilomikronlar taşıdıkları lipitlerin bir kısmını vücuttaki dokulara bırakıp sonra karaciğer tarafından alınırlar.
's On the Road Again and Land and Sea.
Paramount renewed his 1937 and 1938 contracts with raises.
Memlekten gelen Derya, Ali’ye Elif’i unuturmak için çabalamaktadır.
虎都铁木禄母亲姓刘，因此他也被称为刘汉卿。
Ladin is also spoken in the town of Cortina d'Ampezzo and areas around there.
In addition to controlling blood glucose levels, other treatments may be needed.
Dağda doğuya ait Uçkun adlı bitki yetişmektedir.
David Gaines创作《第一交响曲（世界语）》，用世界语诗歌和柴门霍夫演讲选段作女次高音、管弦乐队歌词（94年-98年）。
His father was very unhappy with this decision, but Verne was stubborn and strong-minded, so he went ahead with his plans.
Terence Hanbury White (29 May 1906 – 17 January 1964) was an English author and historian.
Ancak logo kullanılarak dünya çapında üretilen ürünler üzerinden doğacak kanuni sorunlar ve muhtemel maddi cezalar nedeniyle logo değiştirilmeden kullanılmıştır.
Ron has left Harry and Hermione for a while.
The match became the longest match, in terms of time for women in a Grand Slam as it lasted for 4 hours, and 44 minutes.
However, unlike in modern-style tail feathers, the vanes were not branched but made up of a single ribbon-like sheet.
The boundaries of ANC 1C are 16th Street NW on the east, Harvard Street NW and Rock Creek Park on the north, Rock Creek Park and Connecticut Avenue on the west, and Florida Avenue and U Street on the south.
Some plant products have been found to be effective anti-pruritics, others not.
、拱形馬路後直接前往巴波沙大馬路，取消停靠「祐漢第二街」、「長壽馬路」、「看台街/騎士馬路」及「關閘馬路」站，改停靠新設的「祐漢第六街」站。
He was Minister of Local Government from 1978 to 1979 and Minister of Social Affairs from 1979 to 1981.
Worlds in the making: the evolution of the universe.
Important Esperanto writers are for example: Trevor Steele (
His rival, Green, is always one step ahead of him, and it seems that many times, he tries to impede Red's progress.
People have been aware of gout since ancient times.
The Commission says there are at least 250,000 more German soldiers buried in mass graves throughout Eastern Europe.
Miami Daily News, Feb 9, 1955.
Goats are smart and active.
His body was never found.
Extraordinary animals: an encyclopedia of curious and unusual animals, Greenwood Press.
As a result, traction elevators can be built without a dedicated room above the shaft, saving valuable space in building planning.
For example, to calculate 3*2, the 1 on the top scale is moved to the 2 on the bottom scale.
Carlsson等）到台灣表演車技的場地。
It contains several stories about unlucky people.
Advertisers use methods that attract attention.
But this will probably remain a curiosity with negligible consequences at the international level.
，是由六条线（包括弧线）组成的多边形（见文首信息框）。
，生长于海拔1,400米的地区，常生长在河谷、石坡及阳坡草丛中，目前尚未由人工引种栽培。
For the most of its existion, the Muslim Board functioned mostly as an instrument of propaganda.
郤犨将新军，且为公族大夫，以主东诸侯。
These people usually live in higher altitudes, sometimes in remote areas, in China, Laos and Vietnam.
After completion of the addition, the mixture was heated for a while.
Around 20% of the world's oil passes through the strait.
The contestant has 30 seconds to give all of the correct answers to the question.
，是此模式最新也最重要的案例之一。
She is one of many personifications of the energy of the earth.
July 27, 1943: The 1943 Surprise Hurricane hit at the Bolivar Peninsula, near Galveston.
He and the gods under him ruled mortal men.
All have twelve tail feathers.
Astrocytes do many things.
They met at a Roxy Music concert the year before.
Ben Shalom Bernanke Bernanke's first name is Ben, not Benjamin and "Ben Shalom" is not abbreviated.
This period started in February 1243 and ended in February 1247.
Ferrets are good climbers so if curtains are touching the floor they can easily climb the curtains.
During September and October they toured with fellow PS Company bands Kra and BIS.
United Airlines Flight 718 - nicknamed Mainliner Vancouver, the aircraft was a Douglas DC-7.
Aynı yıl gerçekleşen bombalama eyleminde 70 Yahudi öldü ve yaklaşık 200'ü yaralandı; gerçekleşen ayaklanmalarla bu sayı gittikçe arttı.
除了不能使用到中國駐外機構交收件的便利，更要承受更大的資料竊漏及寄失的風險。
開播初期，四國放送的播出時間分為上午和下午兩個部分。
This tracking category is triggered by entering something in the reference field other than "e11–e19", for language articles that have an ISO code (entry under iso3 or lc1).
The New Shorter Oxford English Dictionary, Clarendon Press, Oxford, Vol. 1 A-M, 1993 edition, see page 1,157.
It is usually eaten for breakfast in various countries.
This album was re-released entitled Classic Series, Vol. 3 in 2007.
Aude has an area of convert.
In 1982, Simons founded Renaissance Technologies.
徐威龙（1989年6月26日 － ），
堅信著自己絕對是個性迥異的兄弟的領導者。
总统贝拉克·奥巴马和第一夫人米歇尔·奥巴马出席了2009年1月20日晚的10场官方就职舞会 citation citation 。
He is married to Gry Molvær HivjuSUBST.
A crown (five shilling) coin was made for use between 1937 and 1938.
Focus: Wormhole construction: proceed with caution.
There are two main ways to look at symbols in Little Red Riding Hood: In one, the girl Riding Hood is a symbol for the sun.
Kocaeli il merkezine 45 km, Kandıra ilçesine 24 km uzaklıktadır.
He went on his third world tour for his new self-titled album Shawn Mendes.
Frustrated with his inability to find a way to defeat Ozai without killing him, he asks four of his past lives for advice.
In order to stay human, she has to kiss Prince Eric, or else she will turn back into a mermaid and belong to Ursula.
In 1989 he went to work on a solo album.
The metal can be dipped into a pot of melted zinc.
These turned out to be similar to some (but not all) of a type of bright source in X-rays called a Low-mass X-ray binary.
The dispute stemmed from a 1999 purchase of Teacher's Insurance's 27.5% equity stake by Simon Properties, giving them majority ownership.
Hughes had promised to resign if his Government did not win the power to conscript.
打算借用共和國的力量擊敗新王國後成為新皇帝好滿足自己的慾望。
In 2009, the WHO created a simpler system which divided dengue fever into two types: WHO (2009), pp. 10–11.
San Francisco is still the city people pay the most attention to, and it is the major cultural center in the region.
Hamilton aynı zamanda küresel televizyonda yayınlanan canlı etkinlik prodüksiyon şirketi Done + Dusted'ın ortağıdır.
Chief Powhatan told Smith that he had killed all of the Roanoke colonists.
Most species of caterpillars will feed only on a small number of certain kinds of plants.
Readers and reviewers in the US and the UK liked the book very much.
，書法上也不能通過技巧加以挽回了。
Charles was less suited to be king than Henry had been, because he was small and weak and not as clever.
，诸将军开府，府置司马一人，地位僅次於将军，掌本府軍事，相当于后世的参谋长。
He worked for eight years as a cancer research technician, between 1962 and 1970.
At first, the capital was Islamnagar.
但由于從未擁有足夠的用戶而難以為繼，《科学》于1882年3月停刊。
Those trains traveled from Abergynolwyn to Alltwyllt and into Nant Gwernol.
As of 2011, Avergavenny had a population of 12,515.
Marine forces are usually part of the navy, but they can be part of the army or act on their own.
On the analyticity and the unique continuation theorem for solutions of the Navier-Stokes equation.
突厥嘗侵軼至幷州，帝親禦戎，六軍進止皆令取叡節度。
In 2000, about 8,987 people lived there.
Its final season was the 1957–58 season.
He also acted in television and theatre.
Universidad de Chile, Santiago de Chile, 1980 citation This number is far from complete.
Gabrielle is pregnant from her gardener John and Carlos and Gaby decided to tease him.
Intense Illusions also offers a freeware path finding solution.
Various rock paintings and rock carvings of Indus Valley civilization and Iron Age seen in this district support the historical significance of this district.
Most stars use up the hydrogen at their core.
Once, when king Kartavirya Arjuna and his hunting party halted at the ashrama of Jamadagni, the father of Parashurama, and the sage was able to feed them all with the aid of the divine cow Kamadhenu.
The service did not last for long.
By the end of 2006 there were some 15 hybrid models on showroom floors, including hybrid models for such popular vehicles as the Honda Civic and Accord and the Toyota Camry."
However, soon afterwards Panah Ali khan realized that in order to secure himself and his newly established khanate from external threats, he needed to build a new more reliable castle.
The German-type horn was becoming very popular in England, but Aubrey insisted that all the horn players in the BBC Symphony Orchestra continued to play on Raoux horns.
The election was on November 3, 2020.
North Carolina is known for its varying weather across the geographically diverse regions of the state.
Xiaomi operates on a vertically-integrated model that enables the company to sell hardware at cost or below in order to attract users and earn money by selling content.
Henry Polic II (February 20, 1945 August 11, 2013 citation ) was a stage, screen, and voice actor.
They are used to clean wood and metal and make them smooth.
，隨後找到洗衣店工作，卻不堪雇主剝削又扣留身分證，最後發生衝突，殺死洗衣店老闆一家三口。
The Hulk has really really strong strength and is almost invincible.
He suggested that they use shallower supports—girders that were only convert deep.
All roads are measured from this point.
英國郵區編號稱為「Postcode」，為英文字及數字混用編碼。
It took 10 years to design and build.
此外他也拿著象徵神聖的《吠陀經》
It is also known as flexible exchange rate, or fluctuating exchange rate.
The main difference was that they could be forced off their lands if they did not pay the rent, or if their Lord decided he wanted to use their fields for raising sheep (for example) rather than corn.
The name "terrapin" is derived from torope, a word in the Native American Algonquian language that refers to the species, Malaclemys terrapin.
传授时，同时在场的还有补充讲解和询间是否明白戒义的高僧。
）'' Newkirk Herald Journal April 27, 1989 (hosted by David Touretzky) 。
The lesser standards are rational basis review and exacting or intermediate scrutiny.
The Gospels of Matthew and Luke were written independently, each using Mark and a second document called "Q" as a source.
With a cache, the client accessing the data need not be aware there is a cache.
在大佛灣西南西南2公里，有摩崖漁翁造像及清刻送子觀音1龕。
Some thought that they were fireballs sent from demons or gods to destroy the earth.
In 2006, he took his first steps as a television presenter with the Jetset show on Hannibal TV.
这也是哈根迅速发展成为冶金工业城市的重要原因之一。
Based on the further developed version unveiled in 2008, it has a longer rear overhang and could be fitted with Cummins ISLe Euro V engine.
The Dutch destroyed farms and buildings because they could not stay on Buru and afraid that the Makassars might come back.
胸背面均有3条淡黄色纵隆起线。
Chappell was added into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame in 1986, the FICA Cricket Hall of Fame in 2000 and the Australian Cricket Hall of Fame in 2003.
The larger ones prey on small bottom-dwelling fish.
Augusta is part of the Augusta USD 402 public school district.
LUKE篁、由monster rhythm team組成的『RX』、ACE清水也相繼推出個惡魔教典，更參與不少課外活動（專輯協力或藝人製作）。
主要由玉米根葉甲蟲(Diabrotica virgifera)與豆金龜(Popillia japonica)啃咬玉米鬚，造成授粉的機率下降。
After each scandal, the Academy tried to learn why the cheating took place.
Han Mahmud 22 Teşrin-i sani 1282 (04 Aralık 1866) günü Rusçuk’ta ölmüştür.
厦门市图书馆全年365天开放（每周五下午闭馆），馆内可无线上网，全年开展公益性的读书沙龙、专题讲座、周末电影、故事会、展览等多种形式的读者活动。
Only some people can take the GED, depending on where they live.
Wingspans range from a few centimetres to about convert, the size of regular, manned aircraft.
Güvenç Abdal'ın talbi, Ali Baba veya Büyük Baba adıyla anılan türbeyi inceleyen Gökyay 1986 baskılı "Dede Korkut Hikayeleri" adlı kitabında türbenin fotoğraflarını da vererek Dede Korkut'a ait olduğunu ifade etmiştir.
Monteverdi wrote less music for Mantua.
This left only the three Bridgestone teams (six race cars) to run the race.
Power consumption is usually measured in units of watts (W) or kilowatts (kW).
In 1910, in Weems v. United States, the Supreme Court admitted that “what constitutes a cruel and unusual punishment has not been exactly decided.” citation The Supreme Court began using the "evolving standards of decency" test.
She was one of the wives of Emperor Xianfeng and also the mother of Emperor Tongzhi.
The prominent Baroque Cathedral, begun in 1575, is the oldest building in the city.
Stories of super-sensitivity are rare.
About 765 people lived there in February 2014.
他们相信真正的理解要求一套与对社会力量和文化力量的认识相伴的关于个体心理、身体以及行为的完整知识。
On the March 4 episode of Raw they went Old School for the second time.
It is the highest 6 bits.
Before the treaty Mirpur was part of the Punjab.
David Douglas, 'The Earliest Norman Counts', The English Historical Review, Vol. 61, No. 240 (May, 1946), p. 132 He influenced Norman politics for nearly fifty years.
The GRU is still a very important part of the Russian Federation's intelligence services, especially since it was never split up like the KGB.
The rifle was abandoned when the Steyr AUG was adopted for use by the Australian military.
Derek Hoddinott, the main paper's TV editor, became editor of the new supplement.
Picture by Jan Luyken from the Bowyer Bible.
He sees Zoe's name.
In the Showcase, the winners of the two Showcase Showdown games are shown prize packages.
Tailevu has the districts of Bau, Nakelo, Verata, Wainibuka, and Sawakasa.
、八束建設業暴力追放對策協議會）
）（詳情參見路線條目與main）。
It requires 600 precision cuts, all done by hand.
Ground breaking for the initial Douglas Aircraft facility occurred in November 1940, with dedication in October 1941.
Bu konseptin Üçlü Birlik’te uygulanışında Baba Yaratıcı, herşeyi Oğul aracılığıyla yaratmış ve Kutsal Ruh aracılığıyla da mükemmelleştirmiştir.
Modern insights on gastropod development: reevaluation of the evolution of a novel body plan.
The shorter the wheelbase the more quickly these forces can cause a loss of control.
Less water in the soil helps root growth and helps keep the soil full of helpful organisms.
Reagan, by public opinion, is one of the most popular American presidents.
Geometry starts with a few simple ideas that are thought to be true, called axioms.
The film joined genuine Indian developments made by Remya Jose, Mohammad Idris, Jahangir Painter and Sonam Wangchuk.
Ayrıca, ilk yardım, kurtarma ve kayıp arama hizmetleri de sunmaktadır.
The area today is now known in Eugene as Whiteaker's Addition.
Telehit Música its programming is filmed in the case mexican of the list in the Mexican channel.
Wacław Potocki died at Łużna in 1696.
The Gujarat districts were taken over by the Bombay government in 1805 and made larger in 1818.
It has been written 5000 years, which makes it one of the oldest written languages known today.
The DNA differences between head lice and body lice provide corroborating evidence that humans started wearing clothes at approximately 70,000 BCE.
Eventually they became too interrelated to marry by the Church's rules.
在悠閒度假的大夥眼前被偷走了，後來他們在尋找船的途中遇到一對小偷兄弟，從他們口中打聽到小偷是現在統治著發條島的撲克牌海賊團，而小偷兄弟正好也要去偷取島上著名的「鑽石鐘」，雙方的目標一致，決定聯手攻進撲克牌海賊團的大本營，但可怕的頭目大熊王手中卻掌握著攸關整座發條島生死的巨大發條……
She played Madge in You Can't Get Away with Murder.
Some of the products that Viglen have made are the Incepta II and the Genrie Pro.
Their children automatically became nobles.
From the train station, one can reach Gokarna city by bus or auto.
A gay child is sometimes put in a place separate from everyone for many months.
Bosses give higher than average items, these can range from gear, to mounts and tokens.
She appears in five novels of the series as a love interest.
People who support the SCM say the increase in diagnoses was because a small number of doctors diagnosed a large number of people and because a large number of therapists began using types of psychotherapy that made people think they had DID.
既克都邑，劉裕雖還，無能為也。
，头部意外碰到跳板前端，引致当场休克和短暂性失明，但他在受伤15天后便重新投入训练，
Yemek için yetiştirildiği zaman, bu safha gerçekleşmeden hasat toplanır.
He would replace the strings on stage while the crowd slowly clapped their hands.
，中国足球运动员，曾效力于辽宁足球俱乐部和深圳足球俱乐部，目前效力于北京国安。
She also became famous for singing jazz standards written by other people, like "Easy Living" and "Strange Fruit".
She made him Warden of Christ's College, Manchester, in 1592.
It was a big problem in some places, like Ireland and Poland.
※部份資料可能因種類限制而無法正常播放。
He did not use the word to mean families.
It is at 51° 02 North, 03° 33 East.
He has won 51 awards in which there are four Filmfare Awards.
：8架 Hoyle Flight International 11–17 December 2012, p. 55. 。
The Rule of the Templars: The French Text of the Rule of the Order of the Knights Templar.
People were excited by their music, and their live performances always pleased audiences.
Hinduism, and after centuries Buddhism became the main source of colonization.
The need of a new and highly secure helicopter was first felt in the beginning of the 1990s.
He was the SLAC director from 1984 to 1999.
The surroundings of the station are mainly shopping precinct.
部分歌曲與電視劇播出的原版略有差異，如《一生有意義》中「用盡愛與我癡，與你生死相依」一句，兩位歌手所負責的聲部互換。
He gave violin lessons to talented pupils.
These countries are China, France, Russia, United Kingdom, and the United States of America.
These games help to decide which teams will move on.
小行星11256（11256 Fuglesang）
File:We want white tenants.
Hamzat worked at RTP Consulting Services, Columbia University, Merrill Lynch Inc, Morgan Stanley and Oando Plc where he served as the Chief Information Officer.
The President of Cantabria is the person in charge of the Government of Cantabria.
The community became incorporated in 1976.
紫蜡蘑也可與該物種共同生長，但也能與其他殼斗科植物生長 。
Also, there were not a many races during the season as today.
Montag and Pratt were removed from "The Hills" in 2010.
高鐵路線大致以東北—西南走向經過本地區中部，境內未設站，
Beaufort County is part of the Mid-East Commission.
In 2013, Konjuh was ranked number one in the ITF junior world rankings.
所谓“寒衣”，是用各色纸张做的皮、棉、单、各类衣裳。
During the 17th and 18th century the inn was owned by a woman named Märta Ljungberg.
Serving these people is usually very expensive for banks and insurance companies; that is why they usually do not do it.
受害者是埃利斯教授的学生，他出席了葬礼并致辞。
The 7.62x54mmR was what was being used with rifles when the AK-47 was brought in to service.
在这次旅程中，伊迪讲述了她在2017年最后一次回到岛上的老宅子时发生的事。
This was a problem for Stalin.
In this case, the behaviour is not stable.
，南极洲冰下的结构被人们逐步揭示出来。
He was the Minister of Finance from 1980 to 1982.
Every year members receive a share of the profits that they helped to create, based on the amount made in profits that year and the how much they had spent with any of its businesses.
His funeral was held on July 29th, at South Botanic Garden in Palos Verdes, California.
A yard is an open space around a building.
The album got good reviews; one person said it was "classic and essential."
In 2012, the World Heritage Site covers nine National Treasures of Japan and many "Important Cultural Properties".
They opened fire, and over the course of 2 hours more than two thousand Inca soldiers were killed.
They also had a short back and well-muscled loin, strong bone, and a well-arched neck.
These jumps may be logs, stone walls, water, ditches, or banks.
The people all seem to think he is guilty.
目前許多的視訊和Video Podcast需要Quicktime（7）的最新版本，而與MacOS的舊版本不相容（僅v10.
X filminde de hatırı sayılır bir rol üstlenmiştir.
由于仙姑的名声大振，慕名而来的香客源源不断，常把怎个地方挤得水泄不通。
In 2008, the village had a population of 218 people.
The same symbol can serve different purposes in different contexts.
Hori gets a cow but pays with his life for it.
Alternatively, content delivery platforms create and syndicate content remotely, acting like hosted content management systems.
此外，教研中心也与新跃大学和新苗师范学院联办学前华文教育学士学位课程。
The growth rings of a tree.
In Europe and in the United States, cycle racing on the road is a summer sport.
In Patiny S. (ed) Evolution of plant-pollinator relationships.
This was also the first of his "Fireside Chats."
The firefighters broke down the door, laid down their hose, and began dousing the fire with water.
After Glen quit the band, Shawn suggested that Chris Broderick replace Glen.
When many people travel to a distant place to stay, it is called "
Then Itachi Uchiha forced him to join the Akatsuki.
Hercules, for his own part, is always there for Zeus when his father needs him, and in the end, Hercules reconciles with his father and buries whatever issues he has with the father he has come to understand and love.
NP problems are fast (and so "easy") for a computer to check, but are not necessarily easy to solve.
Son dönem çelik tasarlamaları olası baskıyı azaltma yönündedir.
維篤四世的支持者承認帝國派人數較少。
Monteith plays glee club member Finn Hudson.
Azericede çoğu belgisiz adıl Türkçe ile aynıdır.
The decision to start a new league was made, which was named the National Hockey League.
Anakin Skywalker warns Obi-Wan to not underestimate his power.
Medium doses can cause confusion, agitation, analgesia (not feeling pain), fever, excessive salivation, and "
Also, if too many people have died, it may be impossible to bury them all separately.
She expresses the socio-political life of pre-independent India and makes a zealous attempts to reform the tradition ridden society.
，本條目是以1997年作三台頒獎禮獲獎歌曲列表的終結年份，有關1998年起的四台頒獎禮獲獎歌曲列表，
McCartney and Linda also spent a lot of time together, but separated to work on their own projects.
'ta yazın sıcaklık gölgede 50 dereceye kadar çıkar.
Soba is occasionally used to refer to noodles in general.
Outside the metropolitan counties eleven cities are unitary authorities, and fifteen have ordinary district councils, which are subordinate to their local county council.
Together, all of the petals of a flower are called a corolla.
One by one, the children break Wonka's rules by acting on a vice they possess, with Charlie ending up a hero of the story.
Bu konudaki kesinlik ancak 1860'ta, Avogadro'nun ölümünden dört yıl sonra yaratıldı; Stanislao Cannizzaro, bu eksepsiyonların, bazı gazların moleküllerinin belirli sıcaklıklarda bağlantısızlık yaşamasından kaynaklandığını açıkladı.
Since 2017 he has been minister of Education for children and teenagers.
İlk uzay yürüyüşlerini yaptı.
Dolley was born in New Garden.
Some wagons were called the Pinto Cruising Wagon.
）內成立 广州市文物普查汇编 越秀区卷 陈建华总主编，广州市文物普查汇编编纂委员会编.
Shannon sent the federal military to Kansas many times.
Around this time, Han Buddhism began spreading to Korea, Japan, and Vietnam.
当时正值日本俱乐部体制确立的时候，南野进入了泉佐野市立长坂小学，在那里他可以接受良好的足球环境，每周至少可以保证三次足球训练。
此外，理查甚少親理國政事務，只是把它當作搾取軍費的泉源，將英格蘭人民辛勤累積的財富，大量地在戰爭中耗費掉。
Although she had written a screenplay and a stage play before, Autumn Crocus proved to be the work that turned her career around.
Finally, he told Dallaire where the Hutu militia were keeping many of their weapons.
On 26 December 2006 he joined the anti-
They also catch water, but in a different way.
The other half was not given feedback.
該批債券本金總額為20億元人民幣（相當於約3.
Work started again in 1952.
保護單位所在地的鄉、村、農業生產合作社以及利用部門應負直接保護責任，各專、市、縣、自治縣應經常檢查督促。
In 1985, the Bureau of Land Management drilled a new well 965'/294m deep to support the new Wiley's Well Campground, one of only two developed campgrounds in the Mule Mountains Long-Term Visitor Area.
At the end of the year, Bodine was 7th in points.
This lasted for several years, but the continued efforts of C-Consciousness were unable to repair the damage they had done to the Zone.
除上述方法以外，還有認為可以透過捶打等其他的方法嵌入金銀絲。
，外務相李康國，武力相金應彬，
Kurttan türeme efsaneleri çoğu zaman bir mağarada gerçekleşir.
In a world with magic, not all deaths are forever though.
，寶麗選區劃界與現有範圍相若，
I'm the sort of person who might give other people ulcers."
該大學亦負責出版專業烹飪書籍《專業廚師》（The Professional Chef）。
These small fragments may have come from twigs or stems, but their size is more suggestive of vascular bundles in leaves.
The fossil, nicknamed 'Ida', was divided into a slab and partial counterslab after the excavation.
The other places on The Lesser Polish Way are: Klimontów, Szczaworyż, Wiślica, and Więcławice.
Rodney Dale'e göre üst kaporta kalıbı "Birleşik Krallık'taki türünün en büyük - en büyüğü değilse de - muhtemelen dünyadaki en büyük enjeksiyon kalıplarından biriydi".
Yine karar alınamadı.
She eventually passes into legend as Cressida.
In 1860 he published Chess Praxis, a supplement to his 1847 work The Chess Player's Handbook.
He had five siblings in total, all brothers.
In retrospect, The Final Cut is more fairly considered Roger's first solo album, essentially using David Gilmour and Nick Mason as studio musicians.
He was known for his roles in Manimal as the lead character, Dr. Jonathan Chase.
In the local dialect it is called Esslinge.
貝拉維斯塔的座標為coord ，而該地最高點為海拔高度200米（即656英尺）。
，使他們變得非常富有，過著奢華的生活。
It connected Lawrence to Kansas City.
In April 2021, he said the guilty verdict was a "giant step forward in the march toward justice in America," but "much too rare."
Therefore, it is highly probable that they are either both autistic or both not autistic.
‪ citation ‬ her first feature-length movie was in 2008, in Dunton's The 27 Club. citation The same year Hewson took part in an acting programme at the New York Film Academy.
He went to local schools.
It cannot be made in the way that potassium permanganate is made because sodium manganate is not made.
劉修己組織防守，但城內武器不足，城破。
When bald eagles live in captivity, such as in zoos, they can live much longer.
之後又為同屬軍武類型的動畫《蒼藍鋼鐵戰艦》的女主角伊歐娜配音。
因此「網友借我抄」只能當作是參考方法，不見得會報答案的網友都會報正確答案。
第二天，吉尔把雕像当作他们的守护神，追溯他们的祖先，回到古代时代。
Together with Schwingen and Steinstossen, Hornussen is seen as a Swiss national sport.
Like any other Armed Forces, the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation has ranks.
This is because of something called orographic lift.
The structure of scientific revolutions.
Hugely influential in its day.
Dietary Practices, Socioeconomic Status, and Social Mobility at Teotihuacan, Mexico.
He worked as journalist, documentalist and human rights and democracy activist in the 2000s after fall of Saddam in 2003.
It is used to put out fires.
This makes the game autosave after a level is completed.
捕手的位置取决于投球手： 在快速投球时，他在离柱门一定的距离弯腰下蹲，以便有时间反应击球手的边界球，而对于慢速投球，捕手会离柱门更近一些（称为“起立”），以使击球手回到区域线内，可能越熟练的守门员，对于投球他“站起来”越快,例如戈弗雷埃文斯（Godfrey Evans） 经常站起对亚历克贝德斯（Alec Bedser）。
The leader of Mayday, Monster is in charge of daily operation of the band.
Kariyerindeki en iyi atlayışı 4,82 metre olan Monika Pyrek birçok kez Polonya şampiyonu oldu.
双溪芽笃在2004年之前是属于新那旺州选区和亚沙国会的一部分，分割后则落在成为新成立的芭蕾州选区和林茂国会。
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) aims to keep people’s money safe.
The Spanish ruled for many years.
If Lehman defaulted, you're supposed to pay the people you sold the CDSes to, but that should be OK because now AIG is supposed to pay you for the CDSes you bought.
It should look like the Latin letter V.There was a difference between the old-form DO (Λ-like) and a new-form DO (V-like).
Gyllenhammar is now Vice Chairman of Rothschild Europe.
He married Betty Wall on July 2, 1960.
The Netherlands and Chile progressed to the knockout stage, while Australia and Spain were eliminated after suffering two defeats in their opening two matches.
王偉忠也認為本單元很難做，一個短劇要換十幾個景；他說，侯文燕真的收集很多資料，劇本寫得不錯。
In 2017, he returned to Sendai.
Some of his most well known songs are "Mama Said Knock You Out", "I'm Bad", "Rock the Bells", "I Can't Live Without My Radio", and "The Boomin' System".
豺狼人有自己的语言(豺狼人语)，但也通常会说巨魔、半兽人或地精语。
After watching her parents and her childhood, he finds nothing that is not normal.
动员除反复说明入朝参战的伟大意义和责任外，还强调了作战任务的艰巨性以及打好入朝第一仗——千里行军的重要性，强调了发扬国际主义精神，切实尊重朝鲜人民和军队，爱护朝鲜一山、一水、一木，保持我军优良传统，坚决做到纪律严明，秋毫无犯等原则。
帕基人本質上是民主的和簡單的。
"The American Woodsman" was an overnight success.
Of course, you could not just create a Car, because otherwise that field would be missing.
The remaining 300 who drowned were among the richest and best known of the nobility of the day.
Pallone is played on courts marked out on town streets.
、李凱馨主演 citation 。
Several species of bird are also known to follow white-headed capuchins looking for food.
But I guess I was just a little naive about what being a meteorologist meant."
这些死者中至少有1人是来自警察部门的变节者。
Some of the earliest were known in Medieval music.
An analysis of the sediment samples collected by Kaiko found large numbers of simple organisms at convert.
His popular movies are was Behula, Sangam, and Jibon Theke Nea.
Charles Arthur Bowsher (born May 31, 1931) Marquis Who's Who on the Web is an American politician and businessman.
It says that the Federal health and safety authority should be independent.
Some unlucky soldiers drowned in mud because of their heavy equipment.
For a person to be added to the Hockey Hall of Fame as a builder, they may be "active or inactive" and must be nominated by an elected 18-person selection committee.
Japanese cars have been known for high quality in the world and said it is hard to break.
接下來的四天，1月22日的排片比是8.03%，票房約人民幣330萬元；1月23日的排片比是6.83%，票房約人民幣236萬元；1月24日的排片比是6.32%，票房約人民幣212萬元；1月25日的排片比是5.88%，票房約人民幣191萬元；最後，《英雄本色2018》在中國大陸的總票房是人民幣6307萬元 citation 。
她要求他丢弃这幅盔甲还有那把武士刀，可是毘沙门胧完全没有听进去。
He might have an agreement with the bank, so he can borrow money from the bank (but has to pay a fee).
Bruce Rockowitz was made public, although it seems to have happened some months earlier.
Their goal is to be a huge game database.
Kelly's ninth album Untitled was released December 1 2009 in the US.
俄羅斯文学；他的原创诗作则兼具浪漫主义和俄罗斯民间故事的风格，艺术成就颇高。
", was born from the fad.
“Concert hall” can either mean the actual room where the concerts takes place, or the whole building.
At other times such instruments may need a separate player.
所以在黄浦江边跨越新开河的桥梁也被称为新开河桥、寺浜桥或者天妃宫桥。
Fluvial terraces are either called erosional or depositional.
）安排進行重組企業，並成為全資擁有 citation 。
Wasabi is also known for how spicy, or hot it is.
The next morning she awakes happy, but her mood only lasts until he tells her he's going away and taking Bonnie with him.
The highest point of the Vindhyas is the Sad-bhawna Shikhar ("Goodwill Peak").
This ended World War II.
The other parties have mostly stayed the same.
It meets in April and July.
She also runs a second channel where she talks about life in general and gives her opinions on many topics.
Diseases and disorders in infancy and early childhood.
此外一家澳大利亚公司包租了三艘游轮，以满足大约10000名代表和嘉宾的需要 citation 。
Falsetto singing was used in the days when women were not allowed to sing in churches.
Her first feature movie, All Is Forgiven, won the Louis Delluc Prize for Best First Film in 2007 along with Céline Sciamma's Water Lilies.
Forcadell entered politics in 1999, when she joined the ERC (Esquerra Republicana).
He played a tall large slow-moving henchman, often seen lifting Egon Olsen up over his head, carrying him under one arm, and trying to kill him.
這種消極和被動，正是泛民主派衰弱的原因。
These popes worked together with the Normans of southern Italy.
Şirket verilerini korumak için yatırım yapmak, diğer yatırımlardan farklı olarak genellikle kar sağlamayan bir maliyet içerir.
It is covered with bushes.
The town was established in the 1860s on what was the Pastoral Lease 'Goolagong'of Edward Sheahan from around 1840.
Although the number of dakinis is variously drafted according to the literature, it probably amounts to a number of geometrical progressionwise.
The original US version of the Saturn edition featured a picture of several large balls with screaming, blue, human faces with white sticks forcing their eyes open.
Toy Story was one of the first films to be made entirely using computer-generated imagery.
The old editorial office from the courtyard was to laid in Gerners Townhouse, because of a water damage.
北京市卫计委作出回应，称对“号贩子”现象，尤其是医疗机构内部个别不法人员内外勾结的行为，始终采取“零容忍” citation 。
Chicory flowers have no disk florets.
James M. Gregory (November 4, 1935 October 30, 2019) was a Canadian hockey league executive and general manager.
There is strong evidence that many of the book's folios were reordered at various points in its history, and that the original page order may well have been quite different from what we see today.
Incubus was lost for many years, but an old copy was found in France.
PMID 18587394 People whose brothers or sisters have the disease are the most likely to get it.
It had a minor eruption in May 2006.
The first white man to buy land and settle in Cherryvale was Mr. Abe Eaton.
這些銀幣不單用來交易，也是金屬銀的來源．在沒有使用金錢的地方，銀幣會被溶掉變回金屬銀。
比如前文说过的他与瘤子约翰逊的关系，
Someone once asked Hendrik Willem van Loon how to say his last name.
Children loved the new elephants.
Before eating the fruit, Adam could never die.
Brem bali yani bir tür pirinç şarabı da Bali'de yaygındır.
They both mean "human" in the Ipai and Tipai languages.
Some exceptions include Final Fantasy X and X-2, the sequel, or Final Fantasy XIII and Final Fantasy XIII-2 and Lightning Returns.
In 1924 he was the editor of the Communist Party newspaper, Rude Pravo.
Women past menopause have an accelerated loss of bone because they have less oestrogen.
The name "Les Colocs" was made official in 1992 at the “Festival international d'été de Québec."
Competition from overseas caused a downturn in demand for Sunderland built ships toward the end of the twentieth century.
Merge sort is also highly parallelizable.
The 2012 American Community Survey estimated that there were 199,080 Americans with Serb ancestry.
After Mussolini's arrest, the National Fascist Party was destroyed.
Published hundreds of books and strategic reports and keeps publishing refereed journal “Stratejik Ongoru” (Strategic Foresight) journal periodically by TASAM Publications since 2004.
Janusz Waldemar Cisek (February 8, 1955 February 28, 2020) was a Polish historian and academic lecturer.
With all this he was always good-humoured, the darling of the ladies, and enjoyed wonderful good health – really a dazzling appearance.
我既没有推翻当局，也没有取代他们。
Ertesi sabah adayı keşfe çıkarlar.
Many young girls and boys who fall in love have to face the same problems Dr ST Mirza 'Resistance themes in Punjabi Literature' Lahore, 1991.
A paperbark wetland is a fresh or brackish water environment dominated by the Melaleuca tree.
This would be used for the entire show.
But the energy that was in your hand, and now the energy that is in the ball, is the same number.
The accelerator creates the collision, but the results cannot be directly observed.
，一个新物种如果没有模式标本是不会被承认的，不过按照规定，羽毛也可以作为模式标本，因为法规允许将“动物的任何一部分”作为模式标本（Art.
嘉靖二十三年（1544年）中式甲辰科會試第二百九十九名，登第三甲第三十八名進士 citation citation 。
白石站的下一車站－球泉洞站則是以總長4800公尺，堪稱九州最大的鐘乳石洞球泉洞為熱門景點，附近也有球磨川渡輪的乘船處。
But, in 424 BC it joined the Delian League.
He was selected Best Eleven for 5 years in a row (1966-1970).
Sex expression in Jack-in-the-Pulpit.
同年10月，蔡依林出席「台北時裝週」，並表示其個人第14張錄音室專輯於同年12月發行 citation 。
Reddit以往容許有可能令人反感，但合法的貼文。
，代表「普遍好評」 citation ，口碑一般。
，因为赫爾維蒂共和國政府自己也在招兵。
It has five provinces -
His mayoral victory came in the wake of the Great Depression and the deep resentment many Chicagoans had of Prohibition and the increasing violence resulting from organized crime's control of Chicago, typified by the St. Valentine's Day Massacre.
The first palaestras were built about the 6th century BC.
He was buried without any memorial in a simple grave without headstone.
After this, he wrote many poems about his daughter's life and death.
The justice is under the power of the courts.
The main U.S. Highways usually have numbers with 1 or 2 digits.
If the natural colour of an animal makes it look like its surroundings, that is camouflage.
A fire almost destroyed the entire town square in 1906.
The cause of her sinking is still not known.
He wrote a book called The Cost of Discipleship about following Christianity.
The new flag of the country's second President Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan explained again.
There is a small community of Bereans that continues to the present day.
在本节目首次录影（第一集）之前，嘉宾们要完成一个附加的任务，决定首个路段的经费。
In 1800 Napoleon decided to return to Rome because he had just defeated the Austrian army in the north.
Not only were blackletter forms called Gothic script, but any other seemingly barbarian script was also labeled "Gothic".
On the outside of the frame, to keep out the weather, rows of flat boards are nailed, which overlap each other so that the rain cannot come in. Walls like this are called "clapboard" or "weatherboard".
Other tunes are also played for the dances.
Ev-ofisinden çalışmış ve asla bir sekreteri olmamıştır.
此则帖文真实性无人考证，但进一步刺激网络舆论。
It was active between 1977 and 1983.
Bu "Constituto" kanununda Venedik'in Doğu Roma İmparatorluğu'na bağlı ve onun bir parçası olan bir devlet olduğu tekrar kabul edilmekte idi.
影片于2018年9月28日在美国公映，票房1900万美元，口碑不俗。
However, it is a very simple algorithm that is easy to build.
It peaked at number-one on the Mexican Singles Chart (1994), Italy Singles Chart (1996), Argentinian Singles Chart (1994) and France Singles Chart (1995).
塔布省（Tabou Department），
The total recoveries stand at 3,143, with 14 deaths.
If they refuse, the home-owner's association can take away their houses.
The average number of people in a family was 3.10.
The party won only four seats in parliament after the 2011 federal election.
Chopin's Études are some of the hardest pieces of all the works in concert piano repertoire.
劉備乃認出「無姓大王」果然就是張飛，兄弟相認。
These Bolivian Mazama species were instead grouped with Pudu puda and Ozotoceros bezoarticus.
On the website, users post pictures and discuss them.
; height: convert (coord), the highest mountain in the Alps.
Vieuxtemps wanted to become a composer as well.
屢乞遜位，太傅司馬宣王以為豫克壯，書喻未聽。
現在dodolook正在準備第二本圖文散記。
The "French order" capitals depict a cock, Apollo, and fleur-de-lys.
He was named after his step great-uncle, Ifor Davies, also a Welsh Labour politician.
Apart from successful soundtracks, he has also received notability for his background music and is considered one of the finest background music composers in India.
The symbols say, in a clear way, that you cannot be perfectly certain about where something is and where it is going.
Their early name is American Spitz.
In 2002, a new group formed using the "Miami Sound Machine" name.
It made $143 million worldwide against a $65 million production budget.
It began in 1929 as the Australian Broadcasting Company.
劉半農撰寫了萬餘言的《复王敬軒書》，針對王敬軒所提出的所有觀點一一加以駁斥，把實無其人的王敬軒批駁得體無完膚。
Clouds will often absorb smoke to create rain, commonly referred to as "nature's laundry" due to this process.
There are a number of human blood group systems.
It is also known as the "Pineapple Island".
There are 4 urban communities and 58 rural communities.
She served as first head of the United Nations Protocol Department.
A person who has citizenship is called a citizen.
He is loyal to Stanley, but is scared of The Mask at first because of his unpredictable and wild nature.
It was distributed by Constantin Film.
Ironing is usually done with a padded ironing board.
》，书中首次提出将作者此前用于植物分类和命名的系统引入动物界，
Their eldest son, who is also John's godson, was not present.
Jackson's 1828 political campaign to end government corruption began immediately afterwards to make sure Adams would be a one-term president.
It is believed to regulate mood, intestinal activity and appetite, memory, and sleep.
Later people may have forgotten that this very powerful spirit was originally a living human being, so Tiān became regarded as a god.
When the photoelectric material is hit with brighter light, it produces more electrons, which cause more of the electrons fired by the electron gun to bounce back.
陳朝建立以後，李昭皇被冊立為昭聖皇后。
Sınavın tamamı, 180 dakika sürmektedir.
山口組組員背景可分為三大類系，分別為「博徒系」（
Weak atheism is all other forms of not believing in a god or gods.
Finnish troops and remaining population are immediately evacuated.
This person, a person who does not do a lot of physical activity, was called a "couch potato".
Since December 2012, users can only use their webcam if they have had at least 3 conversations that lasted 10 minutes or longer.
A public inquest into Duggan's death started on 16 September 2013.
Some of the other band members did not like this.
After retiring from the Navy, Holloway was President of the Naval Historical Foundation from 1980 to 1998 and was its chairman until his retirement in 2008 when he became chairman emeritus.
It was assumed that this song was one song in full, but former drummer Nate Kelley has recently told fans that the song was in fact two songs played in a medley.
The region surrounding the eye is the eyewall, where the worst weather is seen in a cyclone.
The Foxtrot and Quickstep were greatly influenced by American music.
動植物的插圖主要以卜彌格的《main》（Flora Sinensis）為藍本，其中部分甚至出自中文書籍 citation 。
A true story about the double murder of two white girls in New York City (The Wylie-Hoffert Career Girl Murders, 1963).
In the years that followed, some of the research labs were abandoned, and the C-Consciousness entity took greater control over the few facilities that remained in full operation.
Gadenne was an alderman of Mouscron from 1982 to 2006.
This provision was inserted because the Framers feared the establishment of a standing army, beyond civilian control, during peacetime.
These sections are often transparent and afford the passenger a near 360° view.
In September 2012, the team was moved from Ploiești to Giurgiu.
，生长于海拔2,700米的地区，多生长于山地林下，目前已由人工引种栽培。
Nietzsche’ye göre iyi, bencil olmayanla ilişkili olmayıp sürü içgüdüsü ile ilgilidir.
She used tennis and the Battle of the Sexes to prove that women are as good at sports as men.
It was made hard so only the very poor with no hope of finding work would go there for help.
Protestants believed that people must trust Jesus.
The girls are recruited by the organization's leader, Jerry Lewis, to solve crises that arise around the world.
Bir maarın mükemmel bir örneği, yaklaşık 6.500 ft (2.000 m) genişliğinde ve 400 ft (120 m) derinliğinde düz tabanlı bir krateri kaplayan sığ bir tuzlu göl olan New Mexico'daki Zuni Tuz Gölü'dür.
Bostons love rawhides (a chewy animal skin) and other chew toys that help with keeping their teeth healthy.
It was not so high-ranking by the popularity vote in the company to select the mascot.
His cattle had been left in the stockyards and had died from starvation (not having enough to eat).
Both the PIRA and the Pacific Islanders team ended in 2009.
Males and females are quite different form each other.
Gardi had information about the valley but she was not able to find it.
The name "Seminole" comes the word for "runaway" in the Muscogee language, which many Seminole people spoke.
It is a member of the World Council of Churches, the World Methodist Council, and other religious associations.
與海王星軌道共振的位置在圖上方紅色的距離標示下以垂直的白色短棒標示，標示1：1的點就是海王星的軌道位置（
Les Jumeaux Zimmer is the version of the television series and website in French.
Naomi Nari Nam is a very graceful and flexible skater.
赵紫阳在四川进行农业改革的同时，也在探索工业改革，他在工业上实施的扩大企业自主权的方针和相配套的14项政策使试点企业真正成为主体，释放了企业的活力，为促进工业发展，又出台了对新的社队企业和城镇集体企业三年内免征所得税，对政策性亏损的产品实行定额补贴等一系列政策，这些政策积极促进了四川工业生产和商业流通服务的恢复和发展。
Putunlar, çöküşün yaşanmış olduğu bölgenin istikrarsız durumundan yararlanarak, bölgede hakimiyetlerini kurar ve yeni bir yaşam tarzı başlatırlar.
But people still do treat them badly, and make them do jobs that do not pay much money.
HK），於1989年由戴國良（主席及行政總裁）創立，名為「福建先创电子有限公司」。
不要用酒精或放進微波消毒，正常情況下是不會影響其使用壽命，但有可能沾上看不見的殘留食物或酒精沒完全揮發，使放進陰道後產生感染。
The book notes that these letters and directions were not public and not respected or followed.
According to some people's accounts, he was a knight in the 1490s in Sines.
She said she would not answer every question about her visions.
惠宗，谥号嗣天章道诚懿渊功观文扬武克仁笃孝让皇帝，建文后马氏为孝愍温贞哲睿肃烈襄天弼圣让皇后。
在20世纪中期，main穿过南达科他州东部修建。
He appeared in comic book titles such as Richie Rich Millions (1961) and Richie Rich Dollars & Cents (1963).
There are also some extinct groups.
In other words, can a smoothly flowing fluid eventually become infinitely rough?
Şarkı radyolarda 20 Ekim 2011'de çalınmaya başlamıştır.
But, in the Panic of 1837, the family suffered great losses.
。 citation 虽然有些自由基是稳定的，SF 3 并不稳定。
酒店提供600間，設三種不同類型的客房以供選擇，包括以好萊塢電影世界為主題的標準客房、位於6樓或以上的豪華客房及海景客房。
劇院的正面和鄰近的商業曾被重新裝飾成1934年模樣，為拍攝2009年電影《
All songs written and composed by John Lennon, except "Oh My Love" co-written by Yoko Ono.
But once the family gets to their new home, Timmy starts noticing strange things about all the residents.
Sayıca az Osmanlı gözcü kuvvetleriyle girişilen çatışmalar Anzak birliklerinde ciddi kayıplara neden olmaktadır.
同日人民出版社发布声明，声称从未与任何单位联合出版该书 citation ，7月28日，封面新聞記者致電群眾出版社查詢該書出版費用、版權版稅還是自費出版問題，責任編輯回應「不要打聽，不能告訴你們。
Some use such arguments to point towards natural selection as a 'blind' biological designer, as opposed to God.
Benin's climate is hot and humid.
Öğrenciler, askerler ve polisler tarafından yapılan protestolar sonrası Başbakan olmuştur.
假话真情所说的是随着子女工作、生活各方面的占用时间，已没有时间同自己的父亲见面。
This makes it much more difficult for newborns to fight off the virus.
》（卷175）：“馮禎、綏德衛人。
纵轴表示当前的位置，横轴表示時間步数。
It is also seen as being fast (does things quickly), secure (hard for people to do bad things to) and stable (does not break often).
Where Sofiyska Street now begins, there was the Lyadska Gate, which led to the Upper Town.
Some kinds of animals form their bodies into a circle.
会薨，上痛惜之，故久不议建储，至是始行之。
我们希望构造有类型 的一个函数 ，这里的 是类型环境而 是一个项。
Anime movies first released from January 1, 2017 through December 31, 2017.
Dirickx played for Union Saint-Gilloise.
It hears cases from the Finanzgerichte (Finance Courts).
They needed to make the track comply with Formula One requirements for 2009.
Durability is at the core of green construction.
This reduces the cut-in voltage to about 0.3 volt.
Stephens owned a fair number of slaves.
It is one of the ten largest cities in Alaska.
The Yuan was subdivided into 10 chiao, 100 fen or 1000 li.
The nature of Mauisaurus haasti Hector, 1874 (Reptilia: Plesiosauria).
In 2001 there were 1868 people living in Layer-de-la-Haye.
》（13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi）：電影以真人真事改編。
The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.88.
The company places marketing emphasis on business travel, but owns and operates a number of resorts and leisure-oriented hotels as well.
He plays as a Hooker.
He taught music there for many years.
Devrimin iyi uygulanması bu gelişmelerin nedenlerindendir.
It is not known exactly how much damage the storm caused.
Bu konuda sanatçılarımız serbesttir." dedi.
Behrens left DSW after getting the promotion ready to show TV but before TV production began due to creative differences with Hamilton, and was employed by TNA as Director of Third Party Bookings.
The difference between red and blue dots is never zero.
When on a food label, the term "calorie" refers to kilocalories, or 1000 calories.
Conwy council want the local economy to be confident, resilient and sustainable.
阿登那霍（Adûnakhôr）
Mezun olduktan sonra Polonya diplomatik hizmetine katıldı.
他将组织北部和南部各探险队的人员组成，并且进行装备和其他补给品的分配。
This movie was released in March 1990.
Buder has the current world record for the oldest woman to ever finish an Ironman Triathlon, which she obtained at age 82 by finishing the Subaru Ironman Canada on August 26, 2012.
Occasionally her tendency to exaggerate and glamorize the facts gets her into trouble.
Clarisse finds him and brings him to camp where Dionysus makes him sane again.
歌曲以Acoustic尼龍線結他作為intro代替原作的琴聲，令歌曲更簡潔靜態。
" was released at the same time.
The length of time it took to record the song created tension between the Beatles.
If people did not like the fast pace of the schedule, they were usually killed.
The city takes its name from Antoine LeClaire, a trader who owned the land.
He was a member of State assembly between 1982 and 1987.
李世民解释说在前一次我军（唐军）刚刚战败，没有锐气，但是敌军却会因为战胜自娇非常好斗，所以只需要依靠坚守营盘来折其锐气，等到敌军气衰就可以战胜他们。
By 2014, the light rail line will go from the end of the north wing of the city to the airport in the south.
So a proton in an electric field would move away from another proton, or towards an electron.
Maxis has also released games developed by other production houses, such as A-Train and SimTower.
After that, his Lalan Geetika was published.
It is at 50° 03 North, 04° 18 East.
's surrender in April 1865, and the Trans-Mississippi was the last Confederate command to surrender, on May 26, 1865.
The act of making beer is called "brewing".
Bu tabakalarda ele geçen bitki ve kemik kalıntılarından yerleşmede sığır, keçi, koyun ve domuz yetiştirildiği, tahıl ve sebze tarımı yapıldığı, avcılığın küçük bir öneme sahip olduğu anlaşılmaktadır.
In cultures where people always wear shoes, people sometimes think it is bad not to wear them.
These cells are the innate immune system's first line of defense against invading organisms.
Oswald has a wide body of work.
He died with only a few hundred dollars in the bank.
If he is not given water soon he will die.
Tamino and Papageno go through the trials together.
洛德·吉布列逃到月球戴达罗斯基地后以“安魂曲”攻击卫星殖民地造成极大人命伤亡。
The movie was banned in some countries as a result of its content.
At the time, it was known as the Year of the Tribunate of Ambustus, Longus, Ambustus, Fidenas, Ambustus and Cornelius (or, less frequently, year 364 Ab urbe condita).
Tabloid magazines and others suggested that this was fake, because the couple were still seen together in public.
Wright used science to do so.
He expressed this interest in the words to many of the songs he has written for Slayer which are about warfare and destruction.
Their populations remain constant throughout the year between 20°N and 20°S latitude.
They gave the part in Range 15 West to Pawnee County; the portion included in Ranges 11, 12, 13 and 14 to Barton County; and the south half of the county, excepting the portion in Range 15, was added to Pratt County.
Euclides da Cunha, Brazilian author, publicist and engineer (b.
The song has also been recorded by other artists.
Perhaps the movie is a reboot, or Fallon was not dead as it seemed.
当军人政权在当年晚些时候解散两党体制，建立起多党体制时，昂格尔力促进步的自由主义者和独立的非共产党左翼分子并入巴西民主运动党。
Verileri elde bulunan iki örneklemin iki değişik anakütle A ve anakütle Bden geldiği düşünülsün.
It is a CAM Assay.
Some people have assumed this was the start of the SEALS, but they had already long been active.
有一個名叫阿莫爾的噬血靈體多次詢問她們是否需要協助，雖然這對女巫已經拒絕多次，但阿莫爾似乎並不死心。
From 1924 to 1933 the club was called SV Sturm Grube Marga.
Harley and Brandy had a litter of three puppies.
The amount of points needed to win is agreed to before the game.
The area of the Comunità montana Mont Emilius is about convert.
Domestically (in the country), the economy was doing very well and the nation was prosperous.
Dennis wrote in his autograph book, "Phone me in nine years, we'll sort something out then."
Supplies of basic necessities, including milk, water and vegetables, were affected due to logistical difficulties.
No oil had ever been discovered there.
It may be that our goal simply cannot be reached.
He won the election in 1982 beating Crean.
Davis and Roach did not agree with Parker hiring Duke Jordan as a pianist and would have preferred Bud Powell).
In 2008 Homan lost both the singles and doubles finals at the Australian and French Opens.
Sheela ran the operations of virtually all of the sub-groups under Rajneesh's movement, as well as Rajneeshpuram itself.
The classes are retrievers, flushing spaniels, and pointing breeds.
Shorter pitches and smaller goals are used by under-12s and under 10s.
These complications are very uncommon.
Different part rules decide what sort of necessary things is let in competition, such as one long ski pole, two ski poles, zero ski poles, or one or two skis.sfncheck Rules for necessary things use in competition are made by FIS and the IPC.
He went to the Old Catholic Church of the Netherlands in 1988.
Because of this, they have developed different forms.
极端最高气温40.6℃（2017年7月22日 citation citation ），极端最低气温-12.7℃（1931年1月10日）。
He was a member of the Civic Democratic Party.
车站平行鲤鱼门九街东西向布置，位于深圳南山区前海深港现代服务业合作区，毗邻前海深港青年梦工场、前海企业公馆。
Eldeki verilere göre, Güneş Sistemimizde Dünya haricinde yaşam barındırmaya en elverişli üç aday Mars gezegeni, Jüpiter’in uydusu Europa ve Satürn’ün uydusu Titan’dır.
Type-A plugs only join with type-A receptacles, and type-B with type-B.
The nearest bigger airport is Nuremberg Airport which can be reached within half an hour by car or one hour by train.
，一般生长在撩荒地、田边和村旁，目前尚未由人工引种栽培。
In the 19th century, the Russians conquered Kyrgyz land and drove many to China. citation The Kyrgyz had a better life in China than in Russia.
This may require them to give up, share, or take electrons.
，河道全長25公里，流域面積160平方公里。
In football, the Dallas Renegades, a team in the revival of the XFL, started play there when the league started February 2020.
Daily Mirror issue 4163, February 26, 1917 Circulation continued to grow: in 1919, some issues sold more than 1 million copies a day, making it the largest daily picture paper.
In some contexts, all the rounding methods above may be unsatisfactory.
A preview is a small piece of something used to show what the whole is like before it is generally available.
，號巖流（或作岩流、岩龍、岸流），
）、《臭頭洪武君》（劉秀庭、習志淦編劇，
伊斯兰公民社会尤其是非政府组织往往在其组织名称中包含伊斯兰、穆斯林等字样，或者与伊斯兰的文化、思想、历史密切相关，如青年穆斯林协会（Young Men’s Muslim Association），清晰地表达了它要求在真主的旗帜下开展社会活动的愿望，并以清真寺为基地。
Nature 413, 142-143 (13 September 2001) citation 该效应由Paul Adrien Maurice Dirac与Pyotr Kapitsa于1933年首次提出。
She lost to Flavia Pennetta in three sets.
It occupied in the southern of what is now Southern Vietnam.
Everyone agrees that she is dead but radhika does not.
Boolean data types can also be used with other booleans inside of conditional statements using a conjunction operator.
It has one piece.
The album Beyond the Veil (1999) is a mix of gothic metal and doom metal.
John Hampden Randolph bought the area and then built the house in 1859.
They did this because they hated the Carthaginians after fighting two other wars with them, and didn't want to fight another, so they totally destroyed them.
Köy coğrafi olarak çevresine oranla alçak bir alanda yer almaktadır.
Meanwhile, some states still had slavery.
Look at the building where you are reading this.
Zak Smith, We Did Porn: Memoir and Drawings, Tin House Books, p. 475.
She had other popular singles.
It was adopted on 1984.
When Nicholas died, the title became extinct.
第二十屆發言人張竹芩， 第十九屆（2017年4月－2018年10月）
Each Local government area has a presence of the central government with the establishment of general hospital, judiciary and police stations.
West had two wives: Parara and Payu, who were sisters of the Napaltjarri skin grouping.
Therefore some ghouls live as normal people.
The basic idea is for Black to challenge for control of the central square e4.
Robert Bruce Clotworthy (born October 24, 1955) is an American actor.
The water around the islets is about 10 degrees Celsius in spring, when the water is coolest.
He retired end of 2008 season.
辖第二十二团、东路总队、朝邑支队韩城、郃阳、澄城、白水、蒲城、大荔、朝邑等7个县大队。
該事件為保護區的生態帶來浩劫。
However, adults who work for disabled students' rights told Parliament that British educators had unfairly sent special education students home without good reasons.
They became popular worldwide with their hit single Obsesión in 2003/2004.
尽管任天堂此前曾与规模较大的第三方工作室和出版商（
By 1904 only about 200 cars were sold.
Dünya'nın çizilen her haritası, yukarıdaki anlamda bir koordinat sistemi tarif eder.
At the end of the series, he broke into the ICC top 10 ranked batsmen for the first time in his career.
An esplanade is a long, open, level area.
把工作切分給更多人做將造成額外的溝通（communication）代價——訓練和相互的交流（intercommunication）。
A short while after the famous opening theme comes a second theme which is more graceful and in D major, the dominant key of G major.
Such dedication to the club earned him a reward: even getting several departures from the bank, Mano Wilson became the 15th player Corinthians with more games played, with 408 matches.
Even though both are possible, several other unlikely things would also need to happen for the meteorites to have knocked the trees down, for example: they would have to hit each other and not leave any marks.
It is also the hub of industrial and commercial activity in the district, and a fertile agricultural area that produces paddy.
Paul Knight was the show's producer.
When Fisher was Prime Minister a number of important projects were undertaken.
The idea of the game is that neither player knows which of the other player's ghosts are good and which are evil.
There he became even more interested in science studying subjects such as chemistry and biology.
Unfortunately, there is no railway station and airport in the city.
，多名太子党成员也在此后陆续遭到边缘化。
The court's answers usually must be provided before a legally acceptable date and the court should give reason when it decides not to answer any of them.
Until the early 20th century, a House member could rise and propose an impeachment, which would then be assigned to a committee for investigation.
The Catholic Encyclopedia's entry on the term pastor.
He also was a member of the Louisiana House of Representatives and as chairman of the Louisiana Democratic Party.
It is unclear if their brain chemistry changes the outcome of the research.
In Tibetan tradition, these last two wives helped bring Buddhism to Tibet.
However, the rule was not followed in the first years after the of the reform in 45 BCE.
He defended his corrupt actions in both memoirs.
In 2000, the Mugen/Dome team was champion.
The town now holds an annual Mary Anning Day and Lyme Regis Fossil Festival.
Sun-baked tablets could be moistened and recycled.
Vietnamese writers who favor the use of the ao dai as a school uniform cite the inconvenience of wearing it as an advantage, a way of teaching students feminine behavior such as modesty, caution, and a refined manner.
The others six were at well known places in the city.
Yokohama won the J1 League champions in 2019.
He was known for making chansonnier popular in Quebec.
It protected them from other diseases too.
The sheriff did not tell Gault's parents that he had been arrested.
，并号召成员国采取一切手段消除恐怖主义的威胁。
When Crazy Horse was first born he was given the name 'Curly'.
They date back thousands of years.
He was born in Barcelona in 1861, and died in Aranjuez in 1931 while painting its famous gardens.
It became very famous, and many radio stations broadcasted Delfín’s songs.
Sexton (1999), p. 50. Biographical Memoirs, p. 104. 1925年伯内特离开澳大利亚前往英国，以为客船做外科医生来抵偿旅费。
It joints the Loa river before Chiu Chiu.
There was a time when he was not there.
He was married to Chava Rosenfarb from 1945 until they divorced in 1975.
克雷格打開後看到八個化作殭屍的孩子亡靈們在等他。
Li Ao (Zh, also spelled Lee Ao; 25 April 1935 – 18 March 2018) was a Chinese-
Johnsson played four seasons with the Flyers.
，而在比賽中放水，使得這一個冠軍盃蒙上一層陰影。
Gutrune appears and offers Siegfried a drink.
The Van Ban bell, engraved in 1076, is the earliest known example of a Nôm inscription.
Composition and temperature of the Earth’s core constrained by combining ab initio calculations and seismic data.
It was written by Freddie Perren and Dino Fekaris.
It was made in 1984.
His parents were William and Maude Fleay.
The case has received national media attention.
The beans could cook slowly while they did the laundry.
Karmaşık bir yapıya sahip Beyaz Ordu bileşenlerinin olası bir zafer durumunda nasıl hareket edeceğine dair bir belirsizlik bulunmaktadır.
Fish Lake in the north-central Cascade Mountains of the U.S. state of Washington is convert.
Horseshoe Theory has many critics.
Both aircraft fired their cannon and Trooper Finney was wounded in the buttocks and legs, and the gunner in the head.
Within republic territory northern part of Near-Caspian lowland is called Sarpinsky lowland, and in its southern part there are Black earths.
Radhika was adopted by Mansaram after her mother's death.
，大字亦改制為里，並改名為中新里。
However, at the death of Louis XV in 1774, Madame du Barry was exiled and Louis XVI came to the throne.
按惯例，最靠近格里索姆环形山的卫星坑将在月图上以字母标注在它的中心点旁边。
It was formed on January 1, 2013.
The cars return to their assigned grid spot and stop.
He was a regular goalkeeper in the early 1960s.
The opera was a failure.
The bullets make beautiful patterns on the screen.
If males carry weapons, they may use them to fight for mates.
Ives published more than 100 of his songs.
He was chosen by the Packers with the 52nd pick in the 2006 NFL Draft.
He last played for Doncaster.
He made over 350 appearances in eleven years.
，例如透過一段長距離的導水管，利用水流的慣性使它向上噴出一定的高度。
As the water is heated, the steam passes through the plant material collecting the scents.
Peki kahraman gençlerimiz bu paketlerle ne yapacak?
Goat's milk cheese is more common in countries where it is difficult to keep cows.
Again they start to feel for each other deeply.
It was nominated again the following year and won.
，協議是由義大利王國及盟國共同簽訂，當時盟軍已經在義大利南部登陸。
All mamba species have similar venom, but the black mamba has the most toxic venom and is more aggressive.
Many cells can completely undergo interphase without centrosomes.
Raonic continued his form from the previous round as he upset Youzhny this time in four sets, the biggest upset to date.
He sent a boat to shore to look for seals but found none.
By the early 1960s, television had started to present half-hour long "comedy" series, or one hour long "dramas."
She gradually recovers her memory and joins her husband and her son, Eros.
One example of a low-grade astrocytoma is pilocytic astrocytoma.
He also appeared in Dandelion (2004).
More simply, whatever you do, you will still have the same amount of stuff.
This happened at the 2006 NHK Trophy and put them immediately into the skating spotlight.
He also starred in The Law and the Lady (1952) which was very unpopular.
Then the most important features of the buildings were used to make new buildings.
Because of this, in 1720 he wrote Divine and Moral Songs, for the Use of Children.
Simple English of Exodus 20:8–9: "Do all your work the first six days of the week.
Dim the red light and the wall will become more of a yellow-green.
It weighed twelve and a half tons.
They released an EP called Submarine.
They called the new company Locomobile.
During his final term as governor, he played a major role in California's educational system.
The couple did not have children.
Then Marty and the family got the dog and everything went back to normal.
Neither side won the battle.
在這次世界盃中，埃斯科巴參加了所有賽事。
The title of the album is a term that is commonly used in Korea in one person in the family, similar to "your Highness" or "your Majesty".
The event is included in a greater series of Cold War-related unrests.
It was then called the "Imperial Music Choir".
It was visited by the Elder Scientific Exploring Expedition in 1981, led by the explorer David Lindsay.
Bazı anlatımlara göre ise Tahsin sadece Yunan Efzun Alayı'nın bayraktarını öldürdüğü belirtilmekte ve bu görüş daha fazla kabul görmektedir.
Using various Bible verses and events from history, Russell decided that God would soon call a group of "saints" to heaven to be kings there.
Physicians decided he suffered from extreme muscular atrophy.
， citation citation 約在14世紀末期被明軍俘虜，
After spending a few months in the POW camp Enver Galim was released.
Trenčín is best known for Roman writing below the Trenčín castle.
The IPC crime rate in 2006 was 167.7 compared to 165.3 in 2005, showing an increase of 1.5% in 2006 over 2005.
，在蒋被查后，已有房地产商“跑路”。
The people were granted legal ownership to the block of land now held by the Katiti ALT on 30 September 1980.
中国国民党第一、二次全国代表大会会议史料 南京 江苏古籍出版社，1986，245.
Work boots often have a steel toe cover to protect the person's toes.
This brought new manufactures, such as Cooper to move up to Formula Two.
There is one known example of a natural nuclear fission reactor, which was active in two regions of Oklo, Gabon, Africa, over 1.5 billion years ago.
There were two or three times that many German defenders.
The city became less important after this war, and only recovered in the nineteenth century, when it grew as an industrial centre.
He played 7 games for Japan until 1984.
He was an activist of the independent association Ecoglasnost in 1989.
In 1245, Pope Innocent called church leaders to the Council of Lyons in France.
Prior to this, Louise Hippolyte's father was eager to wed his daughter to a Grimaldi cousin.
Halk Komiserliği zamanında foto-film şubesi olarak kurulmuş, 1923'te Azerbaycan Foto-Sinema İdaresi (Azərbaycan Foto-Kino İdarəsi, AFKI) olarak yeniden adlandırılmıştır.
In 1984 their first single "
The 54 Angels are the Studio54 Network's front girls.
He became one of the most popular Ukrainian online activists during the 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine.
This letter strongly asked President Obama to talk directly to Chinese President Hu Jintao at the G-20 Summit in November 2010.
此公路的路線於新埤鄉萬安轉為東西走向後，
During the 1960s, the government of Hong Kong thought they need to accommodate increasing road traffic that growing Hong Kong's economy would bring.
Most lynchings went down by the 1950s.
。 citation 1905年，
》刊载了一篇英国将要修筑川藏铁路的新闻，
Lee would never try to invade the Union again.
Archaeologists often name different cultural groups they discover after the site where they are first found.
There are different generations in the hive or nest.
She served in that post until 1996.
;Outlaw Rule: In a tag match involving more than two teams, teammates cannot pin each other in order to win a match.
It is known for bringing down the divine celestial egg (nonglum) down to earth.
Bu tarihte Osmanlı idaresinin sadece erkek nüfusu tespit etmesinden dolayı köyün toplam nüfusunu bulmak için erkek sayısı kadar kadın eklemek gerekir.
Most applications (and other objects) only change this object through this interface.
令人吊诡的是，法院任命没有商业经验的纳纳撒赫博·昆特（Nanasaheb Kunte）为公司董事会主席，
He drove in three races during 1998.
From 1976, he worked in Australia and was a member of various groups including The Johnnys, Beasts of Bourbon, Paul Kelly and The Coloured Girls, Chris Bailey and The General Dog, Maurice Frawley and The Working Class Ringos, and Sacred Cowboys.
Bland was the guest of honour.
They have strong faith and belief on the friends of the same groups.
He is the founder of the Bad Boy Furniture chain.
The 2017 Women's March was a global demonstration on 21-22 January 2017.
Geological Society of America Bulletin, 115(5), 549-565.
Goostave Gander is Gladstone Gander's father.
There are different types of coaxial cables, which satisfy different standards.
Winkler County was created in 1887 and set up in 1910.
She is a navigation officer of the Strawhat Pirates now.
The movie was a financial success.
米塔格则参加了球队的全部五场比赛并有1球进账。
The company also helped developing motorcycles like Petronas FP1.
Silverstone Circuit is built on the site of RAF Silverstone, a World War II Royal Air Force bomber station.
The first was published in 1790.
个人项目方面，她未能获得奖牌，其中50米蝶泳以25秒69获得第6名 citation ，200米自由泳以1分56秒59获得第6名 。
In 1999 he was awarded the Johann-Heinrich-Voß-Preis für Übersetzung.
The schools which are beside the roads suffer from noise pollution.
She was the author of over 80 books for young adults and children.
The men's teams can only have players who were born on or after 1 January 1993, and the women's teams have no age limit.
It stayed there for 11 weeks and became his fourth number-one hit.
Other accounts speculate that the name is derived from Vanga (bôngo), which came from the Austric word "Bonga" meaning the Sun-god.
The first studio album of the two, 'Heaven And Hell' was considered a return to success and musical form, with 'Mob Rules', recorded with drummer Vinny Appice after Bill Ward left, also getting a good reaction.
Gallatin was named to the All-NBA Second Team in 1955.
」、Linux平台輸入法）兩種格式的對照表，優點為具備高度之彈性，可配合個人喜好編修對照表，
而導致日後有訴訟發生，導致撥款中斷。
Despite Jefferson's approval of and attempt to distribute Madison's work, the national reaction was tepid.
She sung for another band called Whorse.
The Broadmeadows site has many historical buildings including the original homestead “Kerrsland” that was constructed in 1880.
At the age of 103, he was the oldest surviving former County player.
Jaybee Niño Manicad Sebastian (1979/1980 citation – July 18, 2020) was a Filipino criminal.
The word philosophy comes from the Greek word for "lover of wisdom".
The circuit is part permanent, part temporary.
Phelps earned a law degree from Washburn University in 1964.
The ethno-linguistic region of Bengal.
They have 6 varsity teams for men and 6 for women, most of which compete in the Big South Conference.
If Elgar had completed all three oratorios, The Kingdom would have been the middle one: quiet and relective between two more dramatic ones.
Games typically last from 15-20 minutes.
The film was produced by Safdar Masood and directed by Hassan Tariq, a Pakistani film director.
Even the claim that most humans of a given period shared the same diet is problematic.
，封面上印有China Post 中国邮政国际特快专递字样，背面是粘贴邮件信息的位置。
看到本月少女作爲K-POP組合在全世界嶄露頭角，美國經濟專刊《福布斯》稱讚道:「進軍門檻稍微高一些的美國廣播主要媒體也關注本月少女和《Star》，今年進入Billboard 200排行榜爲數不多的K-POP藝人之一，有必要關注本月少女的下一步發展。
In 2000, she received another award.
It is at 50° 34 North, 04° 04 East.
He had hidden it in his coat and walked out with it after the museum had closed.
Pais is married to Marie Forleo.
A crater is a round dent on a planet.
The point can get bigger or smaller at different times, but scientists do not know exactly why.
；父李維茂，母蔡氏 citation 。
This is part of the reason for the naming of the theory.
It was distributed by Werner Herzog Filmproduktion.
Females become sexually mature at the age of 2–3 weeks whilst still blind, deaf and hairless.
However, the quality of medicine at the time could not stop his body from falling apart because of the disease.
Ashok and Prem both had crush on Rashmi.
When exposed to antibiotics, most bacteria die quickly, but some have mutations that make them slightly less susceptible.
There are three small islands within the lake.
，所以没有必要对类名进行名字修饰（这个在产生的二进制文件中确实发生过）。
The stadium was changed a lot in the early 2000s.
It was a poster that told Germans that they had to follow orders from Allied officers.
Büyük şehirler ise hem ilçe hem de belediye statüsüne sahiptir.
Judy and Mary broke up in 1999.
She was sent to jail, but later released.
Orhun Yazıtları'nın okunuşunda bilim insanları arasında bazı okuma farkları söz konusudur.
Belediye Başkanlığı Peter-Jürgen Nimis tarafından yürütülmektedir.
Wat Lai (วัดไลย์) There are remaining ancient stucco reliefs on the Jakata stories and the Buddha's life.
Its life span is 10 to 12 years and in captivity 10-14 years.
Birden cam kırılır ve Willow'un üstüne birden kan fışkırır.
出町豊（1935年2月17日 － ）是一名日本前排球运动员。
After stopping being a professional player, Thompson became a coach.
当晚国民政府占领安东，周恩来称中共决定中断所有谈判，等待延安方面的指示。
The Arctic Council is a high-level forum between governments.
Congress would not be over-using its power and breaking the Constitution by making laws for the states.
Allan Nevins, The Emergence of Lincoln: Prologue to Civil War, 1859-1861 (New York: Scribner, 1950) pp. 149–55 They needed field hands for the cotton plantations.
This tends to cover up the fact that they are not a true natural monophyletic group.
Sharpe holds the distinction of being the first tight end ever to amass over 10,000 receiving yards.
This is called "salting the Earth".
Aynı gün, Barrett ile Orton; WWE kemeri için karşı karşıya geldi ve Barrett, maçı kaybederse; Cena şirketten kovulacaktı.
。1895年，东莱府划归庆尚南道。1914年，东莱府改为东莱郡，东莱府釜山面改为釜山府。1925年，庆尚南道道厅从晋州迁至釜山。1936年，东莱郡的西面、沙下面严南里并入釜山。1942年，东莱邑、南面、沙下面也并入釜山，使釜山城市区域得到进一步的扩大。
Its administrative headquarters is Nepalgunj.
People wrote on many kinds of material.
On 16 November, Howe attacked the fort.
The next to the last lap of the race, he ran off the track and hit the wall.
The lowest point is the Rusizi River at convert above sea level.
"快閃快取"（flash cache）元件。
Throughout his time as Prince consort, Henrik voiced his opposition with fact that he never received the title of King.
，因此巴罗是全球最多云的城市之一，一年約有百分之五十的日子被雲覆蓋。
Henry Wood started his series of promenade concerts.
In 2007, 6749 people lived there.
A live television production starring Marie Powers took place on December 12, 1948 on the TV series Studio One.
Since then it has been held in a different country every year.
Ayrıca 2010 All-Starında James Jones Üçlük Yarışması Şampiyonu olmuştur.
Some of the protests were violent, but others were peaceful.
Of the men who abandoned ship, only four were eventually recovered; the rest died or vanished (ONI, pp. 48–53; Phillips, Hoyt, p. 130 & 192–193; Morison, pp. 35–37).
All contraints use the same language.
They both realize that he is not "Ben".
From 1977 to 1989, he was part owner of Jim Crockett Promotions (JCP).
Stenographic Report of July's Plenary Meeting of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union and Other Documents, International Democracy Foundation, Moscow, 1999 (in Russian).
Aluf Amos Lapidot (1934 20 November 2019) was a Israeli fighter pilot.
踏入11月27日，該系統出現不穩定移動，並進入了對流發展循環。
The second ran from 1962 to 1966 and was at Ruidoso Downs in New Mexico.
It does not list programs which first appeared on a different network.
More than half went for debt relief.
小堂的壁画《圣餐的光荣》，两侧墙上的《献以撒》和《
The whole game reveals to be a tale which Daxter told Jak, and his friends, at the bar.
潘虹樾（1989年7月1日 － ），原名潘琦，
Freiburg ile dikkat çeken performansından sonra, Kruse Nisan 2013'te Mönchengladbach ile 4 yıllık sözleşme imzaladı.
Once there was only one school in the village and all the children went to it, now that school has been demolished.
每間土屋分成了南北兩部分，每部分有一位一家之主處理家庭事務。
Medical workers use different tests to find the infection.
Sonra North Carolina Tar Heels'de kolej futbolu oynadı.
、江蘇省啟東市人大副主任及南通師范學院兼職教授等職務，但于2015年2月28日因涉嫌违纪而接受组织调查。
It is maintaining the group and moving the group from place to place.
Aristoteles'ten esinlenen el-Memun, kelam uzmanları arasında düzenli olarak düzenli tartışma oturumları ve seminerler başlattı.
In 1921 Northern Ireland was created and 'partitioned' from the south.
She is buried in Hàng Dương Cemetery on Côn Sơn Island.
", which he described as an "anti-rape song."
Later, the companystarted purchasing debts and formed as an incorporation in May 1996.
类似其它气溶胶，烟雾颗粒可以根据颗粒大小分为三类：
Black Dog is a 1998 action thriller movie.
If addition is used with the identity element and another element, the other element will not change.
This is often not a good option, as trying them takes a long time, and on average, half the possibilities must be tried until a solution is found.
林雨佑，也傳出險遭警方逮捕及嗆聲「有採訪證又怎樣？
Before a change of magnetic field, the Earth's magnetic field becomes weaker and moves around, like a spinning top would before it falls.
They have bigger brown stripes and spots on their chest and belly, and pale yellow eyes.
Urdu in its less formalized register has been called a rekhta (ریختہ, ), meaning "rough mixture".
Dirsek sakatlığı yüzünden bir maçı kaçırmasına rağmen bloğunu 7 galibiyet, 2 mağlubiyet ile bitirip finallere çıkmaya hak kazandı.
Ekonomi yüzde 80 canlandı, göç önlendi.
Their son is actor Jason Gould (born 1966).
It made the February shorter.
Şehir ülkenin kuzey kesiminde Kuzeybatı Bölgesi içerisinde yer alan ve ülkenin en kuzey şehri konumunda bulunan bir yerleşim bölgesidir.
The easiest (and most expensive solution) is to simply try all possibilities.
Since reading and writing from memory requires some latency, we can define the thread switching latency as the amount of time needed to complete this operation.
People use them for many purposes in the 21st century.
Another method is to catch a living musk deer, take its musk, and let it go free again.
İnsan umut olmaksızın derin bir uçurumun kenarındadır.
He was the Bishop of Lubbock from 1983 to 1993.
To be useful, fire extinguishers need to be checked at regular intervals.
德沃夏克写给他的出版商的信中说：「我把我的作品交给你，前提是你要向我保证，没有我的认可，任何人，甚至我的朋友维汉，都不能对它做任何改动，也不会有像维汉制作的华彩乐段出现在最后一个乐章中；它的形式应该是我所感受到的，并且我已经想清楚了。
The outbreak has been called an epidemic in more than a dozen states and union territories.
He did recordings till 1962 but at this time he was already forgotten.
這幾種方式卻相互不能兼容，而是要取決於標籤所使用的頻帶。
At its narrowest point, it is only convert wide.
He wants to be a sky pirate when he grows up.
裴文举被选中与宇文泰的儿子们相处，受到钦佩敬重，未曾嬉戏。
At the FIDE World Chess Championship 2004, he reached the final, narrowly losing out to Rustam Kasimdzhanov in the tie-break games.
一首相似的诗作《main》同样被看作为悼念弗吉尼亚而写， Meyers,211 他把诗中的主要人物main描述为“所有早逝的生命中最可爱的一个！”
He died on 11 January 2017 in England at the age of 88.
At the time of Spanish arrival, many of the Maya states of northern and western Yucatán were ruled by prestigious dynasties, such as the Cocom and Xiu.
They are described as very large black dogs that have fire glowing in their eyes.
Leo married Keran (Kir Anna), the daughter of Prince Hethum of Lampron.
Her original name was Edythe Marrenner.
Port Blair is connected with mainland India by both air and sea.
Atlantic Records cancelled their contract.
He is a seven-time Silver Slugger Award winner.
They cover the salt pan with a thin sheet of standing water.
In modern physics the term "tachyon" often refers to imaginary mass fields rather than to faster-than-light particles.
Sap colour is different for different plants.
These three cards are "community cards".
's "Cloud Chamber for the Trees and Sky"
The name suggests they are moderately old.
The team kept the name when it moved to Utah.
CJ is the character who is used to play with and he can perform different moves.
It is a fallacy because a person's actions or character do not affect the logic of the argument.
Láadan itself is a three-syllable word, LA-a-dan, where the first syllable is said in a high tone.
Women, except the princely rulers, could not be members the Order.
Inspired by the cultural phenomenon that online video gaming has become, and the series creators' personal online experiences; the series actually spawned from a project for film school.
知名導演戴立忍認為：「魏德聖導演選擇了一條困難的路」，但也稱讚魏能選擇不過度評斷的立場，以「合理反應」來推衍情節與人物性格，集合所有每一小片段成功地架構起讓人難以承受的悲壯場面。
It only lasted in one generation.
Three former presidents held another U.S. federal office after serving as president.
Robert S. Wakefield, F.A.S.G. and Margaret Harris Stover, CG., Mayflower Families through Five Generations: Descendants of the Pilgrims who landed at Plymouth, Massachussetts December 1620, vol.
The Major League Baseball's Milwaukee Brewers are popular.
The students learn one thing at a time.
玄偵候者還，雲「裕軍四塞，不知多少。
Rising sea levels flooded the central plain around 400–500 AD, forming the current islands.
The show ran for 9 series.
This means that the colonists did not leave in a hurry.
They may or may not include any coregencies with a predecessor or successor.
It occurs during the Midsummer week every year.
The song was written by Shakira and Gloria Estafan.
Bakü ve Moskova Yaylı dörtlülerinin birinci kemancılığını da yapan sanatçı, bu grup ile birçok ülkede konserler verdi.
These are all made by hand.
E numbers between E300 and E399 are antioxidants and acidity regulators.
The groups that did not want to abandon polygamy are sometimes still called Mormon, even though in the official church, polygamy has been forbidden since 1890.
RBI intervention in currency markets is solely to deliver low volatility in the exchange rates, and not to take a view on the rate or direction of the Indian rupee in relation to other currencies.
他的性情很古怪，同胡太太結婚1月便分居，到現在已經13年了。
The French dip sandwich is a popular dish.
They got 38 pictures and were able to display them publicly in the Angerstein House.
It is also the biggest cemetery for Jews.
花崗石小隊共有6人死亡及19人受傷。
Today, the role of godparent is not often a formal one, and has no real responsibility to the child.
The university offers a variety of professional courses, including medicine, dentistry, pharmacy, biotechnology, materials technology, engineering, and computer science and information technology.
The word is a combination of trans, meaning across and inclusion, so it means including something that is brought across from another place.
This article allowed the British government to sell life annuities at an appropriate price based on the age of the purchaser.
Derek O’Brien (born 13 March 1961) is an Indian politician.
Sultan Abdülhamit'in hilafet ve tahttan indirilmesi oy birliği ile kabul edildi.
》中岳靈珊一角的演出，不過秦嵐媽媽擔心當年才17歲的她受騙，所以拒絕演出邀請 citation 。
Wolverine (birth name James Howlett; alias Logan and Weapon X) is a fictional character which is today one of the most famous superhero character.
The museum held its first exhibition in 1895.
Ama ben tekim, bu yüzden işe yaramadı.
His collection Under The Red Flag (1997) won the Flannery O'Connor Award for Short Fiction.
It says that the universe exists relative to us and can't exist without living beings.
Some scholars have done studies attempting to establish super-families.
在斷臂順流跌下瀑布之際，兩人跳離即將解體的斷臂，分別落到近旁的一個工作機器人和一塊採礦平臺上。
It is the oldest, largest, and most prestigious university in Costa Rica.
A total of 22 nations sent athletes to compete at the Antwerp games.
These meanings are for E/e as a separate letter.
Gardiyanları öldürdüler ve rehineleri serbest bıraktılar.
She played for VC Zarechye Odintsovo.
On the 3rd of October of the same year, Wyatt was sent to take an ambassador from Spain from Dorset to London.
Variety Show in 1961 and married three years later.
Suspects are questioned, often by teams of police officers.
This was to calm down the religious parts of the society.
雖然現在是高度4.2公尺、周長約莫6公尺左右的大小，但傳說過去的大小曾經只有三尺（約90公分）左右，是因為石頭如其名「赤子」般，是一年一年不斷地長大才終於長成現在的大小。
In a letter that Stowe wrote to her husband a few hours after meeting with Lincoln, she does not say anything about this sentence.
截止2017年10月，有1个国家实验室（航空科学与技术国家实验室（筹）），9个国家级重点实验室（含4个国防科技重点实验室），4个国家级工程研究中心，66个省部级重点实验室；有6个国家自然科学基金委创新研究群体，12个教育部创新团队，6个国防科技创新团队。
，回台灣擔任生技整合育成中心首席顧問。
一些不同民族间的冲突往往会引发种族清洗战争。
路德维希二世小时候就受到极为严格的王室教育。
Seleucus I Soter was one of Alexander's generals who received a portion of the huge empire Alexander had carved out.
In 1987, she featured on Bobby E and the Midi City Crew's single "Walk on the Wild Side".
'ın İstanbul Hovardası şarkısı, Kaya Çilingiroğlu'ndan ilham alınarak yazılmıştır.
He was born in Radziszów, Poland.
Sunday edition until his death in 2017.
Not every country started using the new calendar immediately.
" is threatened with being put down because he does not have a license, the poor children of the neighborhood use their money to buy him the needed license.
A color in the RGB color model is recorded by indicating how much of each of the red, green, and blue is included.
On 10 September 1926, the arrondissement of Ambert was eliminated but, in 1942 Ambert became again an arrondissement of the department.
The second airbag device for motorcyclist is an inflatable airbag jacket was invented by Tamás Straub in 1976.
They say the current system gives too much attention to a few states and their problems.
They then played as the Vipers.
Benítez was married and had three children.
Gottwald'ın mumyalanmış bedeni başlangıçta Prag'ın Žižkov bölgesindeki Jan Žižka ulusal anıtının bulunduğu yerde bir türbede sergilendi.
），屏翰西南，非骨肉重臣不可以守。
It was first made and accepted in 1934.
In 2000, he finished third in the 50 meter breaststroke.
Yamamoto knew this before the battle, but Japanese plans were not changed.
By moulting, a bird can replace old feathers with new ones.
There are a lot interesting places in Byblos.
States could not deny persons "equal protection of the laws." citation It meant that for the first time all people would have the same protection no matter what their color.
The song was released in 2005 in the United States.
He went to school at The Forest School.
She opened with a triple lutz-triple toe loop, but had problems with her spinning.
It is usually written with the romanised symbol ¥, but in Japanese it is written with the kanji 円. The coins are very light and range from ¥1 up to ¥500.
“蚩尤黄帝所灭，三苗帝尧所诛。
This is along most of the route between Starr Gate and Gynn Square.
After the election of 1977 De Graaf was appointed as State Secretary for Social Affairs, taking office on 28 December 1977.
The Ekam as soul incarnated with the spirit of Narayana in the body of Muthukutty.
When he was succeeded by his brother Robert I, as Duke of Normandy, Archbishop Robert had a great deal of trouble helping the new duke.
“红五月”之称，故将院庆日定为5月2日 格式错误 753260957X 不要加任何横杠（-）（检查位置 ） 。
Frekans tepkisi, bir uyarana yanıt olarak bir sistemin veya cihazın çıkış spektrumunun kantitatif ölçüsüdür.
Isa Bellini (19 June 1922 – 5 February 2021) was an Italian actress, presenter and singer.
除了店面设计、橱窗布置、产品陈列之外，其推广资料和传播策略中也包含有统一的设计理念。
A lot of the land was not very good.
本節目由「得成僱傭」冠名贊助。
He was thought to be one of the main people involved in the cool jazz movement.
When Shawn Michaels stood up, he confronted Tyson about his turn but was met with a punch that instantly floored him, and draped with Austin T-shirt.
Tirunelveli was the capital of the Pandya Kingdom for some time, next to Madurai.
Elves were not exclusively young and beautiful.
It is the biggest Austrian producer of sweets.
He was born in Sandur, Sandoy.
）。1956年，上海市出租汽车公司与华东等16家私营出租汽车公司兼并，统一经营上海地区运营的出租汽车，当时，该公司有185辆出租汽车。
There were various institutions of the Phamnaiba Loishangs (Offices hold by Scholars), for smooth and proper conduct of the Thangjing Haraoba in the kingdom.
Climates of the Mind, her first book, a collection of poetry and philosophical aphorisms, was published in 1979.
He was thought to be one of the foremost yoga teachers in the world.
計臣言其材，遂監泰州角斜鹽場。
Bütün adaların nüfus toplamı zirvesine 173.503 ile 1921'de ulaştı, daha sonra kararlı bir düşüş izledi ve 1981'de 1850'lerden önceki düzeye düştü.
They use songs and stories that are passed from generation to generation.
Birçok zaman kendisi şüphelerini Lordlar Kamarasında belirtmiştir.
Instead, prefixes are added to the beginning of words.
榮廣海對景珍苦苦追求不捨，西林春在兩人間魚雁往返，和榮廣海結成好友，也因西林春善解體貼，榮廣海遂移情於西林春，和安雪臣形成三角關係。
The walls have been painted with three tiers (layers) of pictures.
In March 1773. the regiment went back to Britain.
In accordance with the law, he called presidential elections, and Velasco Ibarra won for his fifth and final time.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of convert, of which convert (or 99.81%) is land and convert (or 0.19%) is water.
AWG表适用于单根、实心、圆形的导线。
Kupanın ilk turuna toplam otuz bir Avrupa takımı katıldı.
Second Battle: Plan of Attack.
Green represents hope, joy, optimism, and love.
Wheldrake became part of a landed estate until the mid 20th century.
Beykoz’un tarihine ilişkin olarak bilinen en eski tarih M.Ö. 700’lerdir.
Instead, astronauts use squirt guns to take a shower.
Bursa iline 56 km, Orhangazi ilçesine 11 km uzaklıktadır.
Since both words are in the subject form, the words are both linked together.
Kayum Alim Han ile Abide Alim Han’ın çocukları olarak dünyaya geldi.
It said they could be hired as rangers, and that their sacred sites should be protected.
John Cannon; Ralph Griffiths, The Oxford Illustrated History of the British Monarchy (Oxford; New York: Oxford University Press, 1998), p. 23 He wanted his own archbishop who was closer at hand than the Archbishop of Canterbury.
Their training can be as biologists or archaeologists.
In antiquity it was often simply a wooden board on which the dead was placed covered with a shroud (
He held many medicine-related positions during his lifetime.
约翰·伯纳德·费舍·冯·埃拉赫（Johann Bernhard Fischer von Erlach）
Kraliçelerinden Marie Antoinette Hofburg Sarayı'nda dünyaya gelmiştir.
The person wearing the cloak would carry a walking stick.
，吉姆·霍金斯在岸上親眼見到西爾弗殺害一名不願入夥的水手。
Carving needs more work.
Daniel Lamont "Bubba" Franks (born January 6, 1978) is a former American football tight end.
公孫淵軍乘雨出城，魏將領請求出擊，司馬懿不予採納。
Follow all the rules in this order from left to right in the equation.
There were originally 17 players on the show.
Over 6,000 athletes from 41 countries.
His reign started in 1180 and ended in 1185.
They imitate insects found on land.
急行「阿爾卑斯」的糸魚川發着便在1975年，急行「白馬」在1982年分別廢止。
If I do, I'll go crazy.
若拋下一切，為了保全自己的生命，那樣我還能幸福嗎？
A loose Indian adaptation, Padmashree Laloo Prasad Yadav, was released in 2005.
He was a comedy star, but after this movie he became a "
He is widely regarded as the finest wood carver working in England, and the only one whose name is widely known among the general public.
It was made on May 9; three weeks earlier than when the 2007 season was supposed to start.
A boxset featuring postcards of the sleeves of every UK Oasis single was released concurrently with the album.
It is likely that the effects work on any other kind of herbivore, but on mammals it certainly does.
Ardından tüm siyasi partiler kapatılarak tek partili rejime geçildi.
He also co-hosted on Triple M with Pete Helliar and Myf Warhurst, as well as a daily morning show in Adelaide called AM Adelaide.
The beak of the adult female is all black.
After that, she spent some time working in the re-election campaign of her father.
His father,Gerhard Ulmer, and his uncle, Fritz Ulmer, were also footballplayers, playing for SK Voest Linz.
It was decided that Mr McGuinness should be the deputy First Minister, unless all the other letters in the title are in capitals.
Its name was Temporary Home for Lost and Starving Dogs.
It has been the capital of Alaska since 1906.
由于看管条件不佳，犯人越狱的危险极大，
的人物，同时请参见：前213年出生。
The overture "Fidelio" is the one that is normally heard now at the beginning of the opera.
The most famous theatre in Japan is the Kabuki-za.
This version is called a “
Doğu Kanada (ya da Doğu eyaletleri) en yaygın tanımlamada batıdan doğuya altı eyaleti içerir: Ontario, Quebec, Newfoundland ve Labrador, New Brunswick, Prens Edward Adası ve Yeni İskoçya.
The Toronto Star was pleased with his work, and wanted more of his reports, but Hemingway was busy with his own writing.
Louise Élisabeth was the Duchess of Étampes in her own right, having succeeded to the title at the death of her aunt Marie Anne de Bourbon.
In 1947, she made her debut as one of the lead actresses in an omnibus movie nihongo.
It is located in Madrid, near the Atocha train and metro stations, at the southern end of the so-called Golden Triangle of Art (located along the Paseo del Prado and also comprising the Museo del Prado and the Museo Thyssen-Bornemisza).
In a compound microscope, the lens closer to the eye is called the eyepiece.
He likes his nephew Jake and gives him advice.
Its skin can be blue, orange, green, gray, or brown.
This meant people had more time to protest.
Normally, care should be taken when opening champagne bottles so that it does not make a mess.
Afghanistan at the Olympics is a history which includes 13 games in 12 countries and 100+ athletes.
果呈卵圆形，径2-3厘米，无毛。
朱熹發揚《大學》中的「格物、致知、誠意、正心、修身、齊家、治國、平天下」的思想，成為後世學者必宗的追求。
This made people buy more of his music.
A related function is armament (horns, teeth) exhibited and used by 'tournament' species.
He has a fan club of pretty, but cruel girls.
Cecilia was published in July 1782.
The main character of the game is a woman called Lara Croft.
，使摄影测量得到了更广泛的应用。
，出游骑闯汉川，曹彦约教授赵观对敌方略，组织渔户在南河拒守，赵观迎战，斩金军先锋，又派死士焚烧其战舰，昼夜死战，北渡追击，金军大败而去。
Bu tür yapılarda en önemli yer, üzerinde bir zincirin asılı olduğu ocaktı.
Northerner bitterly resented the law.
Büyükelçilikler tekrar buraya taşındı, otel ve sanat akademisi faaliyete geçirildi ve büyük şirketler meydan çevresine yeni binalar yapmak konusunda desteklendi.
At the next challenge they went to, however, the two tribes were told that they were living on one beach, but were not merged yet.
It is 690 metres above sea-level.
In five years he rose from a minister to premiere setting a record for advancement in the Taiwanese government.
Some people referred to household employments of older days.
After answering the questions in the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator, people are placed in one of sixteen groups.
，而是通过纯粹多数统治的直接民主。
Over the next few years the party did not think Brumby would be able to lead them to a win in the next election.
He was known for his cinematic images.
目前，这方面的改革正在有序推进。”
The Governor was appointed by the President of India, but the people of the state also elected a 60-member state assembly, first elected on 6 January 1952.
Illustration of the classical model of the triangular trade.
Hurley ise Ben'den uzak durmak için Sayid'in suçunu üstlenip polise teslim olur.
The film was released on VHS in 1998 by DreamWorks Home Entertainment.
In 2007, 65 people lived there.
按照汉密尔顿是否會面臨制裁甚至停賽，托托沃爾夫回答：“一切皆有可能”，儘管沒有公開宣布懲罰。
The passage of this railway branch through sparsely populated areas, low productivity lands and the outbreak of the First World War in Europe, this French line will enter a chronic deficit that will pursue it until its last days.
After he served in prison, the son decided to stop the fight, he came to say that he was never allowed to say that he is sorry.
站前廣場在毎年8月上旬成為「太陽節新南陽」會場，使當日車站有許多人使用。
DLP projectors can be small so they can be moved more easily.
They have a daughter, Bella.
This was their first commercially successful album, exposing the band's groove metal style to mainstream audiences.
Christian is overcome with jealousy while Satine has dinner with the Duke, who offers her everything she has dreamt of.
，而清明当天已很少有人去扫墓了。
Or, if we knew the bullet's mass, we might take a sequence of two pictures, compute the velocity by knowing the difference between the two positions of the bullet and the time between its two appearances.
全后父尚为太常、卫将军，吴主谓尚子黄门侍郎纪曰：“孙綝专势，轻小于孤。
Sometimes an expert can be interrupted in his or her testimony for a voir dire to challenge their expertise.
，听取关于“东方之星”号客轮翻沉事件救援和应急处置情况及下一步工作打算的汇报。
Brain was known for being careless.
素人娘のベロベロチューチュー!
How many points are won or lost depends on the scoring system (not discussed here).
）上午，中共中央、国务院在人民大会堂举行春节团拜会。
也有人批评，尹欣在原作上直接做改动是对原作者的不尊重，是在侵吞他人作品，毁损了十九世纪的古画。
Microscopes make things seem larger than they are, to about 1000 times larger.
The political unit is one of 17 autonomous communities in Spain.
The University has put them online them.
Chesterfied 7 and London 1622 started running.
天順四年，宣府告警，其率領京軍巡撫邊疆。
Most augites have a dull (dark green, brown or black) color.
So, both electron synchrotrons and proton synchrotrons can be a light source.
在台灣解嚴之後，中華民國滿族協會已轉型為純粹的民間團體，不再具有官方色彩。
In The Dinosauria Weishampel, Dodson, Osmólska.
Scholars believe that present day Henan was the ninth and last capital of kings of the Shang Dynasty.
Her hanenin ispenç vergisi vermesi, Adigeni’nin bir Hristiyan köyü olduğunu göstermektedir.
Cutbacks in funding during the 1840s and 1850s and no pay raises left the service short of men.
Before that, the 2006 album O-Jung.
美国国务院于1999年9月9日发布的“国际宗教自由情况”年度报告中说，“中国政府继续贯策1994年通过的一个全国运动，要求所有礼拜场所都要向宗教局登记并接受三自爱国运动会监督”。
Latter versions of SCRIPT included advanced features such as automatic generation of a table of contents and index, multi-column page layout, footnotes, boxes, automatic hyphenation and spelling verification.
The meat in the dish was normally cut into medium-sized pieces and boiled with the vegetables in water.
It is a mixture of Oswald and win.
Selinus, Thermae, Akragas, Gela ve Camarina şehir-devletleri Kartaca'ya yıllık tazminat ödeyen tabi vassal şehir-devleti haline geldiler.
He lives in the city where he was born. citation He went to school in Cruz de Mayo.
后世的许多艺术家们都把胡安娜描写为一个痴情、忧郁而绝望的女人，他们更注重于描写她对丈夫的挚爱，而不是她的精神疾病。
He helped the Royals win the 2015 World Series.
Yine de bu materyaller oldukça yeni ve elde etmesi oldukça zordur.
He would have his patients speak freely about themselves, in free association.
Mason ise daha çok albümün ses efektleri üstünde çalıştı.
）或過海隧道巴士路線，相當迂迴曲折而且車費昂貴。
」 citation 11日，《澳洲人報》報導，索羅門群島總理蘇嘉瓦瑞表示「說實話，就經濟與政治來說，台灣對我們毫無用處。
The karst limestone, after surface rock has weathered away, makes a ground surface which is almost imposssibly difficult for humans.
Then it kills the Triceratops.
She dropped out of the race in October 2019.
Kane caught his brother running and delivered a chokeslam but lifted his shoulders off the mat before the three count could be made, putting him into a sleeper hold that Undertaker eventually fought out of with a flurry of punches.
He appeared on stage and screen.
This beam can also be called the +0.30 version of HBO South Asia since all the programs aired on this beam are aired with a thirty minute delay.
None of the band members has said that that is true.
The Awa Dance Festival is held in Tokushima, Japan.
Some people think that soft drinks which are light in color do not contain caffeine.
Charles had several sons, but only one survived him.
They called it yarrh, meaning “running water.”
隨着荃灣，葵青區至東九龍路線相繼開辦以及40線轉型皆比本線昂貴，連同42C線的直接競爭，使九巴對本線的態度變得輕視，本路線中途起載車愈來愈多，而且高企的客量得以分流，使葵興芳一帶客源流失，在疫情下大多數班次只是滿坐。
After 72 A.D. Parspatuniq became principality of Great Armenia, which owned two regions (Parspatunik and Marand) in the province of Vaspurakan.
，并拨款1000万元支持杂交水稻研究工作 citation 。1995年12月16日，中心挂牌为“湖南杂交水稻研究中心暨国家杂交水稻工程技术研究中心” citation 。
據現場閉路電視紀錄：懷疑有兒童在彈床玩打火機，使周邊由易燃物料製造的物品燃燒，並且迅速蔓延 。
He has recorded three albums, two in-studio and one live, and currently has a fourth in production.
前母包氏（贈夫人）；曹氏（封夫人） citation 。
It made cosmology much more accurate.
道光三十年正月晋為皇考常在，居壽康宮壽二所。
Some historians disputed that if Malharo Holkerr or Roghunath Rao was made chief of Maratha Army, the result might have been different, because they were well-known about the political situation of North India.
For other items of the same name, please see disambiguation at Star of India.
Dawn is launched.
Foligar Lang organized a union amongst Cameroonian political parties opposed to the government.
He became well known in the mid-2000s starring in Gokusen 3 and the 2007 movie Koizora.
The Committees of Correspondence also called for a meeting of all colonies.
He has been enchanted by Alcina.
The Horse, the Wheel, and Language: How Bronze-Age Riders from the Eurasian Steppes Shaped the Modern World.
Arteries divide into smaller arteries as they go away from the heart.
This provides further information when it comes to counseling, and just how much emotional knowledge can be a bigger impact than previously expected within personality psychology.
，在該賽季完結後，他以1,100萬歐元加盟有「黃色潛艇」（El submarino amarillo）
Group A changes the voting district so that 11 votes are moved to the other district.
Giotto told the messenger to give that to the Pope.
Senet the first known board game, made in ancient Egypt.
But later on, it started again.
Maui was named for the demi-god Maui.
This is a song list.
He was known for his 1963 song Ya Bahi El Djamel, which drove him to pursue a career in singing and violin.
It believes the law of God can teach and make life happy and full.
The newly formed group would 'take over' a WCW event in 1998 by interviewing fans at a taping of WCW Monday Nitro (after they drove in army style).
Having anniversaries for sad incidents can be for remembering someone special, like a famous person that touched many peoples lives or to remember a tragic incident, so that it doesn't happen again.
Each bar has one of four possible states.
A recently discovered quintuple star system (five stars) is known as 1SWASP J093010.78+533859.5.
Thank you to whoever designed the body armour.
From 2001 until 2004 she was married to Rhett DeCamp Hartzog.
日本人在明治时代前有一段頗長的时间（約1200年）除武士在外會進食打獵得來的野獸外並不進食獸肉，可能因此導致日本人比起區內其他國家體格比較矮小。
Discworld was awarded "Best Book Series" in the same years.
Charlie asked his dad for the car, because he was going to have another date with Mary Elisabeth.
This especially applied to pickups between 1973 and 1987.
After them the Doctor often took other people with him on his travels.
During Saturday's race, each driver has to make a pit stop in which at least two tyres have to be changed.
线路沿用快速公交3号线前埔枢纽站至东芳山庄区间、快速公交1号线东芳山庄至厦门北站区间线路，在东芳山庄交叉路段使用新增右转匝道。
People with BDD often have very low self-confidence, because they believe that a person's value is linked to what they look like, and because they do not think that they are beautiful themselves, they do not think they have much value.
The company used to be known as Mercedes-Ilmor.
They are also second in the world in terms of passenger traffic, and first in the world in terms of total flight operations.
The fire ended after 12 hours.
Cézanne's early work is often concerned with the figure in the landscape, imaginatively painted.
It carries a road, railway and footway.
In 2010, 2,155 people lived there.
綠城行政區是莫斯科面積最小的行政區，該行政區為平原地形。
A crowd of people is all looking towards a man at the center who is signing a hat.
The arrondissement of Guéret is the largest arrondissement of the department both in area, convert, citation and population (83,458 inhabitants).
Alternatively, he may have said both of these statements; "Kiss me, Hardy" and Hardy kissed him on the cheek.
Also, the struggle for existence is greatest between organisms of the same species.
He was Secretary of the Congregation for Bishops after more than twenty years.
Being the largest of its kind in the state, it holds ground to many exotic, migrant and native birds.
Bo Khloung Hot Stream - Five kilometers beyond Suan Phung.
This allows the exchange of nutrients and metabolic waste.
飾 Colby Granger(2005-) - 第二季才加入唐的FBI隊，與David是夥伴。
Often this person can get others to believe what they say about what is right, without making any special effort to be fair to other views.
The story of this movie is based on a children's book called A Day with Wilbur Robinson, written by William Joyce.
Yenilenmiş gösteriler daha fazla tiyatral hareketlerden ve ateş çıkaran sütyen, klavyeye dönüşen araba ile devasa bir yarı fener balığı yarı ahtapotun kullanıldığı sahne donanımlarından oluştu.
He went to the Collegiate School of St.Peter and the Adelaide University.
During his childhood, Ramón grew up with the influence of his family musician, including those of his father and some members of his mother's family.
İkinci Almanya İslam konferansı Mayıs ayının başında Alman hükümetinin başkanlığında toplanmış olup somut sonuçlar vermeden bitmiştir.
总面积135平方公里，总人口10858人（2001年），人口密度80人/平方公里。
Differentiation is a term used in different senses.
占地12929平方米，建筑面积85244平方米，共29层，其中地上26层，地下3层。
Thomas G. Long, Matthew (Westminster John Knox Press, 1997), page 18. He understood that this meant the Messiah.
Jacob LaTurner (born February 17, 1988) is an American politician.
In 1987 she played Madeleine Henry in War and Remembrance.
，又改革考試制度；任內，書院課外活動開始萌芽，學校設施得以改善。
This system is advantageous because it can not be influenced by pressure groups, media and others.
He is happy to tell him that Amelia is his long-lost granddaughter.
When Nintendo realized how popular Red, Blue, and Yellow had become, they decided to support the production and release of more games.
Some kings thought that all writing should be done in Chinese.
秦既蕩三京，竊辱神器，仇恥之深，莫甚於此，願不以意氣微恩而忘社稷之重。
However, omega-3 supplements are often given to children with these conditions.
例如，博弈论可以模拟信息不对等，人们对相关信息的知晓不一样，“知道”的人比“不知道”的人获得了更的好处。
Somebody who operates at the very high end of the moral scale by "having his act together" is called a 君子 jūn zǐ, or "morally noble man."
赤柱村道顧名思義是以未重建前的原住民村落赤柱村命名的。
，只是與埃迪卡拉生物群無關 citation 。
While high accuracy and high speed methods in above have been cretaed, some experts have studied how to evaluate numerical errors in numerical linear algebra.
'nde meyve yetiştiriciliği üzerine akademisyen olarak çalıştı.
The practice can arise from religious prohibitions or practical considerations.
About half of the population (45.3%) was sixteen years old or older.
故事講述人類帝國位於鑄造世界格萊雅（Forge World Graia）
Ministers of the Kirk, as it is called, may be called Rectors.
She won the 2018 election.
He was the first and the only Iranian, to this day, to win the gold medal in the Superheavy Weight of Freestyle Wrestling.
在英国人最终控制整个次大陆之前，印度从未实现过政治上的完全统一，其分野大概即以这三个区域为界。
貨物可在托盤上進行快速裝卸，也可在飛行中以從降落傘釋放出來。
爱尔兰一直保持平静，直到第一次世界大战前夕，自由党政府通过了《第三次地方自治法》，阿尔斯特的新教徒被动员起来用武力反对。
Hükûmet Yahudiliği resmen bir din olarak tanıdığı zaman Yahudilere bir mezarlık tahsis etti.
It was first published in 2000.
The photographs were taken backstage at the VH1 Big in '06 Awards.
A sense of belong bigger than family and friends in this day and age is way more important because it shades a light of your history and what you should be proud of.
A claw is made of hard protein called keratin.
穆維理論的另一個重要部分建立在佛洛伊德對男性去勢焦慮的心理分析上，在該概念中，女性缺少陰莖暗示著閹割的威脅，因此她的存在引起了男性無意識的不愉快。
The number of votes would determinine the support it would receive from Jagex.
系馬樁附近，廟門上懸「古東嶽廟」
Considered one of the early key works on understanding how the French saw this defeat.
This can be very detailed.
It also started the group of planes with "7x7" names.
He also served as a councillor for the City of Perth.
Nieto was professor of the Pontifical Catholic University of Peru.
Sanatçı Vargas 16 Ocak 1928'de Havana, Küba'da doğdu.
The Food & Drug Administration, which controls packaged foods and drugs, only requires a use-by, or expiration, date on infant formula and some baby foods.
在獨身一人在Level5的迷宮徘徊時受到凱特幫助。
Matt Groening was going to name the character Matt, but he realized that would be a giveaway, so he decided to name him Bart.
Because of this, most of it (the east part of 150°W) has not been claimed by any country.
He was member of the Austrian team for the FIFA World Cup 1998.
Stallone then created the action thriller movie Nighthawks (1981), in which he plays a New York city cop who plays a cat and mouse game with a foreign terrorist.
，認為每一個人都應該要對自己負責，他認為虔誠的信仰與完美的德行是每一個將要得救的基督徒的義務，他們應該在世間努力工作以榮神益人。
虽然战争击破奥地利对于德意志国家的影响，但同时也使泛日耳曼的统一精神产生分裂：大部分德意志国家都对普鲁士的权力政治表示厌恶 Blackbourn, Long Century, Chapter V: From Reaction to Unification, pp.
However, the majority of corporations are said to be closely held, privately held or close corporations.
Jose Rizal tried very hard to make it a peaceful group.
Kawasaki won the J1 champions in 2020.
Ten is the smallest positive whole number with two digits.
Sanders later called back to set up a meeting, where he told Lockwood "I have to admit to you this appeals to my ego."
She worked with families and people involved in that group.
His heart problems were made worse by the strain of working on post-war international financial problems.
They decided that the church was the wrong shape, and that they wanted a Latin Cross plan because it was the symbol of the death of Jesus.
Sometimes the Wagyu beef is called different things based on where it is from.
秩父多摩甲斐國立公園於1950年（昭和25年）7月10日成立，
Babysitters are often teenage females.
在瑠可的「SHARE HOUSE」的室友。
It is worth pointing out that Plato did not see it this way.
He presented the ABC's afternoon radio current affairs program PM from 1983 to 1993.
The Duke of Clarence was Richard's (the future King's) brother and married to Anne's sister Isabella.
Klein played a role in the breakup of the Beatles.
Başlığın yüksekliği ve süsleme ögeleri giyenin varlığının bir göstergesi olarak belirtilmiştir.
The concept of Goddess Bhuvaneswari as the supreme goddess emerged in historical religious literature as a term to define the powerful and influential nature of female deities in India.
What Witten actually did was to predict that the fact that all these different theories were connected was a result of there being some underlying theory of which they were all approximations.
Şarkının sözleri Işın Karaca ve Zeki Güner'e, müziği ise Işın Karaca'ya aittir.
Medical doctors in urology are urologists.
Mitchell was on Dancing with the Stars on the 28th season and placed 2nd alongside his partner Witney Carson.
The song's reign at number one in the UK happened when the country was hit by extreme rainfall and flooding, which led some people to jokingly suggest the two events were related, calling it the "Rihanna Curse".
In one of them, one-word advice for corporate success ("
It is the sticking together of sediment that forms a rock.
During the first half of the 19th century, Judiciary Square was mostly residential.
Sezon bitiminde, 175 top kapma ve 157 müdahale ile sezon boyunca bunları en fazla yapan futbolcu oldu.
Maurice White'ın grubundan ayrı olarak kazandığı bir Grammy ödülü de mevcuttur.
Stone artifacts have been found on Flores which can be dated to a million years ago.
The 2004 Sri Lanka tsunami train wreck was the largest single rail disaster in history (by death toll).
在1946年，此地改名為阿勒。
Advanced Inorganic Chemistry, 6th Edition.
汪森《小方壶文钞》卷四《书尚书详解後》云：“乙卯二月，仲兄鸥亭偕余泛舟濮川，见居民以旧籍鬻于市，尽数购归，中有钞白本，乃《尚书详解》也。”
Some historians believe that they mixed up fully with the Indian people of that time.
In 2001, Heseltine stood down as an MP and entered the House of Lords.
In addition to the aforementioned cash prize, the winner also earns an automatic spot in the next Tournament of Champions, although one winner (Larry Martin in 2018) died from pancreatic cancer before reaching that tournament.
Tiffin was known for his roles as Scarlet in One, Two, Three (1961), Nellie in Summer and Smoke (1961) and as Miranda in Harper (1966).
By that time over 200,000 African Americans had served with the Union army.
It begins where the Mbomou and Uele Rivers come together.
The storm caused 190 deaths and $1.1 billion in damage across Central America.
嬰兒還在母體時已可以在自己體內發出像母親般的心跳聲，亦能聽到外界的聲音。
She worked first as a cook and nurse.
They got married on October 11, 1997.
Nicki Minaj开始了个人的美偶旅程。
Yaklaşık iki günün sonunda yavrular yatay olarak yüzmeye başlarlar.
This can be seen very clearly in the Argentinosaurus.
不過到2018年，康文署為方便管理，部分範圍經過復修後再次改為石屎地，並鋪上地磚。
本書共分四十六節，大約可分為五個部份：
In 1998 his book Shakaiteki hikikomori--Owaranai Shishunki was published.
They planned to enter the studio at the conclusion of the Winter Jam eastern tour, approximately in May, for a release in late 2012.
There was a need for shorter, more humorous musical entertainments.
」他作出結論：「福克斯為影片帶來一種相當絕望的感覺，看他在電影中體驗情緒的大起大落，從情境喜劇到鬧劇，從性喜劇到會議室的爭鬥。
Protesters were often threatened and attacked.
The club was founded in 1900 by players from the football club SV Germania.
Evangelist shows Christian the way to the 'Wicket Gate'.
İstanbul'da 1959 yılında doğdu.
湖泊平原周围有各种各样的湿地。
Symptoms may include pain, numbness, or weakness in the arms or legs.
When an actor is the main actor in a movie, he or she is called the star of the movie.
They started a White Transbaikalia government, but it did not last long.
The following night the prince climbs up the tower only to find Dame Gothel instead of Rapunzel.
He was the first USAF pilot to fly the XP-86 Sabre, chief of fighter test at Wright Field, commandant of the U.S. Air Force Test Pilot School, and program manager for the XF-108 Rapier.
This is because few spices can be grown there.
The pilots did not think that the plane, which weighed eight tons, could land on any runway back then.
In February 1944, Suzu will get married to him and Suzu’s new life begins.
Pope Pius was involved in Italian and European political disputes.
Olay sonrası Türkiye birdaha Davos'a katılmamıştır.
臭獴（学名 Bdeogale）
He was the longest lived issue of Queen Victoria.
The lens is flatter on the inside.
During that time he worked very hard to make opera performances better, improve the orchestra and train the singers.
Komünün nüfusu 2006 yılı itibarıyla 26,728'dir.
Workers overload a container with uranium, exposing workers and local residents to very high radiation levels.
Bessin was a province of France before the French Revolution.
He was a founding member of the groups Pandilla Guerrera and Los Guerreros Tuareg.
It was one of three storms to turn into a hurricane during the month of May.
Bu program, ilk kez Ekim 1988'de yürürlüğe girdi ve periyodik değişken tarihlere ek olarak, birkaç Asya ülkesi ve Pasifik adaları vatandaşları, 45 gün boyunca vize almadan turistik amaçlı Kuzey Mariana ve Guam'a girmelerine izin verilir.
Tetracyclines was first prescribed in 1948.
例如，拉齊（生卒年公元865年和915年）
Rodents would eat the food carried to feed the crew.
Does it matter?
He was Transport Secretary at the British Embassy in Washington.
Almanlar yukarıda olduğu için biraz daha avantajlılar.
Hyouka (or the Japanese name 氷菓; English: "Ice Cream") is a mystery novel written in 2001 by Honubo Yonezawa.
He was a great conqueror and a diplomat.
There are lots of smaller towns and villages around Cambridge.
The caterpillar will grow to 6.5 cm long.
Since 2014, she has dated comedian Sue Perkins.
東港區自明治時代就是港口，西港區則有北海道最大的大規模飼料肥料生產區。
In 2001 the club won the Liga Bet North B division and was promoted to Liga Alef after 18 years in Liga Bet.
Ramachandran figured out how to use mirrors to trick the person's brain into thinking that the limb was there and healthy, so it would stop hurting.
阿森纳在两场比赛中分别战胜巴黎圣日耳曼和国际米兰，而且比分都是2比1，从而赢得首座酋长杯 citation 。
Printed paper cards hold about 97.5% of the world market.
Masrafını karşılayacak parası yoksa sevkini devlet yapar.
Thereafter he worked for eight years at the design studio of the ARS art manufacture, mainly designing various interiors.
In the late 60's Vanguard had some success with rock artists, One of these was "Country Joe and the Fish" (today usually called Country Joe McDonald).
Once he is found, usually they will have another sniper try to shoot him.
Neo took the red pill.
Florence produced wind gusts of up to 115 mph (185 km/h) on Bermuda, which caused several power outages and minor damage.
'nın ardından üst üste şampiyonluk yaşayan ikinci ülke oldu.
，勸其委曲求全，曉諭部屬，一體服從中央處理陝事善後；楊虎城率部離西安移駐臨潼，
'de işadamlarına, öğretmenlere, doktorlara ve kamu görevlilerine yönelik bir dizi bilgilendirme toplantıları yapıldı.
極限の禁欲妻 あ、あなた…も、もう耐えられない…。
Leak was raised in Condobolin and Beacon Hill, Sydney.
收錄於『RUNNING ON／木根尚登』（2002年5月29日）
After six months she left StreetSounds.
本分類收錄電影專題的「列表級」條目。
It is known as the rolling sole butt in Japan.
记忆存储是透過对震惊事件的内分泌反应来增加的;一个人发现的事件越令人震惊，就越有可能发展出生動的闪光灯记忆。
其中，2014年西非爆發伊波拉疫情期間，陳馮富珍外訪各國的開支的總額37萬美元。
Purple Rock tiebreaker was used in this season alone, and resulted in the elimination of Paschal English, then with no votes against him.
飞行时，它们身体和尾保持水平，翅膀缓慢的拍打 。
Nevertheless, the name Swan River Colony was still in use for many years.
The statement was issued in response to multiple news sources having mistakenly reported the event as legitimate.
It is convert long and convert wide.
My life has been dedicated for serving the nation, I cannot get married as I have no intention to achieve worldly pleasures when my motherland is suffering.
They can hear well too.
In the Cáhuil zone are at least 46 birds species.
The new Poland became 20% smaller by 77,500 square kilometeres (29,900 sq mi).
It was not approved by the Union military.
After the domestic league match between RK Podravka, of which he was coach, and RK Lokomotiva.
These may also be referred to as shims.
The Genetic Opera takes place in 2057.
In 2010, Little Big Star 2nd runner-up and YouTube star Charice became the first Asian to peak on the top 10 (at No. 8) of the Billboard 200 for her debut album.
Stream on Efate island.
According to the Juifs du Liban.
Brahui is often considered to be a remnant of a formerly more widespread Dravidian language family that was speculated to have reduced during the Indo-Aryan migration.
Disraeli is a 1929 American historical drama movie directed by Alfred E. Green and is the third version of the 1911 play of the same name by Louis N. Parker.
A classification of the bird species of South America (section ACCIPITRIDAE (HAWKS) 3, note 1).
These are called hairless rats.
土团党卡拉纳安候任州议员马西迪就任第二财政部长，兼任沙巴工程部长。
The object is to try to absorb at least 50% of the text.
Since the phenotype as a whole is the target of selection, it is impossible to improve simultaneously all aspects of the phenotype to the same degree.
Orada yapılan istişare sonucunda mavna ve kalyonların donanmadan ayrılması kararlaştırıldı.
The land on which the circuit is built was originally bought in 1926 by property developers.
If one player gets in the way of the other who is trying to get to the ball, that player can ask the referee for a "let," which results in the point being replayed.
People who died in 456 BC.
He joined Casaya after Melinda was voted off.
He likes eating anything in his path, including babies.
Baikal's age is 25–30 million years: it is one of the oldest lakes.
Then both the original and the copy will keep making copies until the computer can no longer handle it and crash.
This can make everyday sounds such as a car, dishwasher or refrigerator sound very loud.
As of 2008, there were less than 650 but the population was increasing.
Cat Chaser got mixed reviews from critics.
He would go on to coach the team four different times until 1945 and stayed as general manager until his retirement in 1954.
It meets K-192 near Easton.
龙头桥 浓溪老街口石质平顶双层桥，下层桥墩旁有石龙首，故名.
When Jane was told that her head was going to be cut off, she was very scared.
In the 2013 election, Peduto won the mayoral election by winning 84% of the vote.
The piece is a hard driving rock boogie in shuffle time.
收錄的抒情歌曲多非原版，而是重新作曲、重新編曲或重新演唱的新版本。
其中還是中、小學生的玩家們被編入政府設立的特別學校，部分紅色或橙色玩家被安排入院或保護觀察 SAO事件結束後，法庭判定SAO事件中死去的玩家全部為茅場晶彥所殺。
Avar ve Slav (Sırplar) kabilelerinin Belgrad’ın kuzeyinde birleşik devleti var olmuştur.
The storm slowly strengthen as it moved northeastward making landfall around 2200z on the 6th in northeastern Florida.
"Diane Keaton: The Next Hepburn" Rolling Stone.
，不但承認戰敗，同時也提出求和條件，甚至包括一顆精靈寶鑽。
This collapse "bounces" and causes the star to explode and emit an enormous amount of energy.
Vogler had probably recommended him for the job.
"Art conservation and the legal obligation to preserve artistic intent".
She tried to get him free.
The title of this episode is a play on both the song 'Round Midnight by Thelonious Monk and the movie of the same name about an unhappy jazz musician.
Bir rivayete göre çok eski çağlarda aslan ile çoban köpeğinin çiftleşmesinden doğduğu söylenir.
She had heard about the fame of Khuman Puremba from a very long time and wished to marry him.
This frog lives in rocky places with water holes and bodies of water that sometimes dry up.
He was a member of the Radical Party.
跟蛋仙人一樣是神仙精靈仙人，穿著綠色「仙」字丁字褲，也是獨當一面的神仙精靈。
They take all the light in a big area and put in into a small area.
Rusa deer are mostly active in the early morning and late afternoon.
合并，造成え的重复而最终其中之一脱落。
He was one of the most known modern poets writing in Hindi. citation He was also a critic and essayist.
This problem was later solved by plate tectonics.
In 2001, there were 3672 people living in Trimley St. Mary.
Gilby Clarke, American musician (
The harvesting of the heart of a palm for food also poses a threat, because it comes from the inner core of the tree, and harvesting it kills the tree.
然而，从Kazaa网站上下载的音乐是受DRM保护的，只能在运行Windows Media Player的电脑和移动设备上播放，并且必须持续在Kazaa上订购。
In a lighter moment, she appeared in an episode of The Dating Game in 1969.
These are Rila, Pirin, the Rhodopes, Slavyanka, Belasitsa, Vlahina, Maleshevo, Ograzhden and Stargach.
The JAMA Network.
Movement played leading role in Rose Revolution.
The shrimp is almost blind, and is vulnerable to predators when above ground.
There are about 200-250 Yanomami villages in the area between the tropic of cancer to Capricorn.
The most well-known genus is Myrmeleo.
He was forced to retire because of poor health.
On the other hand, each time he breathes in and breathes out correctly, he extends the amount of time when he can continue to fight.
But soon their master Stephen Hopkins felt sorry for them and asked to end their punishment.
最早一批离开巴黎的包括了后来的查理十世和他的两个儿子、
Yaklaşık 5 ay Metris Cezaevinde tutuklu kaldıktan sonra Sporda Şiddet ve Düzensizliği Önleme Yasası'nda yapılan değişiklikten sonra tahliye edildi.
可以用幾何學的方式分析構件的運動，構件和構件之間的連接可能是純移動、純轉動或是滑動，一般會稱為機械連接（joint）。
，由旋律、和聲、節奏、觸鍵、踏板、詮釋彙聚而成，並可隨演奏者心境進行即興創作改編的演奏技法。
Matej, being a Biblical name (see Acts 1:23) can be easily cross-referenced with the corresponding name in other languages.
Biological Psychology, Volume 71, Issue 2, February 2006, pages 214-222.
Sylvain Viau has been the producer and executive producer of the Walter and Tandoori series.
Rahatsızlığı nedeniyle Somare'nin yokluğunda etkili başbakan Sam Abal kapsamındaki işlerin bakanı olarak görev yaptı.
There are also perched freshwater lakes.
" for her sixth studio album, Talk That Talk.
下達勦滅鴯鶓命令的喬治·皮爾斯爵士。
Because this orbit is so high, it takes radio (and light) waves about 1/4 second to go up to the satellite and back to Earth.
Benzodiazepines should only be used for short periods in alcoholics.
The Seventh Dwarf comes between Artemis Fowl and Artemis Fowl and the Arctic Incident.
The 3DO was not built by the company itself.
The rocks making up the crust below the sea floor are youngest at the axis of the ridge and age with increasing distance from that axis.
聂荣臻指挥主力相机转至外线打击日军，进行钳制作战，并率领党政机关在有限兵力掩护下，周旋于深山峡谷之中，从日军薄弱点安全转移 : 188-189 。
It means happiness and peace.
With Red Bull Salzburg he won the Austrian Championship three times.
此时他由俄共党员转为中共党员。
有证据表明，在各类反映真实世界的网络结构，特别是社交网络结构中，各个结点之间倾向于形成密度相对较高的网群 citation citation 。
若將軍是希望有所作為，就應該乘此機會起事；若不想這麼做，就應選擇可以跟從的人。
The ball has a raised seam and is usually yellow or white.
Scotland Yard got its name by its previous location which was on Great Scotland Yard.
By the time your mattress reaches this milestone, it's time to consider buying a new one.
Through this the club did not enter in the lowest class but was allowed in the 2nd League West, the fifth level of Austrian football.
'nın Bursa valiliği döneminde 1880 yılında Bursa Belediyesi için inşa edilmiş binadır.
The adult male frog is 2.5 to 2.8 cm long from nose to rear end, and the adult female frog is 2.9 to 3.3 cm long.
帕爾默戴爾的座標為coord ，而該地的平均海拔高度為209米（即686英尺）。
It has many small seeds.
Romansh language is spoken less than by 1% of the population.
Pickup trucks have different shapes, sizes, and uses.
Things that do not exist at any particular place and time are often considered abstract.
He was elected to the Florida House of Representatives in 2000, and he served as the Speaker of the Florida House of Representatives from 2006 to 2008.
Cardullo p.100 Her career began in 1937 and she retired in 1940.
Eye and Brain: the psychology of seeing.
They asked Williams to come, but he said he did not want to come to London with them.
The waxwings are a group of birds with soft silky plumage and unique red tips to some of the wing feathers.
按照main的解釋，是指“根據普遍的行為原則，協調三個或以上國家間關係的一種制度形式。”
Yazarın ilk romanıdır ve kendi hayatından izler taşımaktadır.
A block is used to prevent a volley from crossing the net.
The horses ate him.
The insects are carrion-eating beetles and flesh flies (family Sarcophagidae).
乾隆五十九年重修(1794年)一次，於1981年與鎮銳鋗鄧公祠再一同進行修繕工程。
Parametrelerin bir kısım altsetinde nokta hipotezlerin dikkatli olarak ele alınmaları, onların bileşik hipotez olacak incelenmesine yol açar.
It can also be used when someone is working on something, or talking about something.
The rise of his Quran translation makes his translation the most used in the Balkans and the only translation of the Quran from the Balkans that was known throughout the world.
The story starts with her coming back to Upper East Side after her sudden disappearance to boarding school.
Since 1972, Sutherland has been married to his current wife Francine Racette.
因此莊雅婷與席還真兩人經常被戲迷們封與「魔女」的名號。
The angel told him that he had to teach a message from God to the people of the world.
More than fifty anti-nuclear groups are operating, or have operated, in the United States.
It covers 23.2 acres and includes 1.07 miles of new walking trails.
But then Honora Sneyd changed her mind.
André was born in 1750 in London.
因此，前式可以看作是一个永久年金的现值减去一个推迟了 年的永久年金的现值所得。
The characters from the movie became very popular.
If the President or the Supreme Court could change the Constitution any time they wanted to, they would have too much power.
About 25% of Pakistan's total land area is under cultivation and is watered by one of the largest irrigation systems in the world.
He blamed the abuses on others.
'ın çıkardığı bir makaledeki uzay zaman denklemlerinde Newton'dan beri değişmeyen ve "gerçeklik" olarak bahsedilen yapıtaşlarını çıkartmasıyla var oldu.
Also, handicraft things are different from "
Most of the people in Okinawa drink Awamori with ice and water.
Note 1: Saboga chose to give some taste of reward to the other two tribes.
This was nine months after the Society itself was founded.
）相比，3美分镍币属较为廉价的收藏品sfn。
For high grades of shiitake is dōnggū (冬茹: どんこ) ("winter mushroom").
Tennis’s official name is "lawn tennis".
He originally planned thought of putting the character in a team of superheroes.
The coral reef extends about convert out.
In fact, it is the largest electric-power producing facility in the United States.
Mr. Figueroa now lives in Maryland with his family.
In 1975, the 'Kaduna' State was formally created by the then military leader, General Murtala Mohammed.
，創辦於1879年，為穗港培英中學的始祖。
The book has won the Saltire Society Book of the Year and David Niven awards, and has become a cult classic.
This seems to be a folk etymology without support in the Mandaean texts.
Miyamoto became Nintendo's first artist.
除志司电报外 citation citation citation : 428 citation ，高瑞欣的女儿杨彦坤在回忆中提到她写信询问成普当时具体情况时，成普回信说：「全身衣服着火，脸部烧成重伤。
It has several major tributaries.
Yavru balıkların saklanabilmesini sağlayan bir ortam oluşturur.
Her brother described her as tall, with a plump, fair face.
They do this to deliberately cause traffic disruption.
Many maltipoos are white, but you can find black, brown, and red maltipoos.
夏时（1403年－1474年），字景芳，
By the end of 1861 it had increased to 24,000 men.
声明补充，上述行为建基于天主教会谴责的所谓“神秘”或“精神”的信仰。
"Kula ve Adala arasında genç volkan reliyefi" İstanbul Üniversitesi Coğrafya Enstitüsü Dergisi, 17, 7-31, İstanbul.
He was in the 1974 prison comedy The Longest Yard.
The irregular bones are bones that from their peculiar form, cannot be grouped as long bone, short bone, flat bone or sesamoid bone.
陈世骧（1905年11月5日－1988年1月25日），男，
It was used for the first time in the 2016 FIFA Club World Cup.
He was a pioneer of computer art and generative graphics.
It has been used by sailors to help them find their way in the night.
Lincoln spent the next 16 months making speeches for a number of Republican candidates in the North. citation This both made him many political friends and also was in preparation for his run for President.
Now that they were an independent agency, they did not receive money from Congress, so they had to work to make money through the selling of stamps and shipping.
，自治区當局在新疆进行了严厉的监控活动，包括设立“
馮·提爾接著開玩笑說：「我一直以為我是猶太人，原來我是個納粹。
Silliman also has facilities in other places.
The great icosahedron is one of the four regular star Kepler-Poinsot polyhedra.
It is nearly 100% for phosphorus-32 ( 32 P).
乐正克对鲁平公为孟子解释，说不是超逾，而是前后貧富不同。
He also wanted it to be smaller so it was easy to move.
The main focus of the memorial is Daniel Chester French's sculpture of Lincoln, seated on a throne.
Bathersby was born in Stanthorpe, Queensland.
Witcher da Cahir'i ağır ağır taşır.
The facility was regarded as one of the finest in the region.
Meanwhile, Pretorious hires two bounty hunters to help him capture The Mask.
一天到晚無所事事，不是遊蕩閒逛就是睡懶覺。
斯蒂勒曾在《太阳帝国》中出演过一个小角色，他在该片拍摄期间构想出《热带惊雷》的大致框架 citation 。
In the audio example above, looking at the signal with respect to time does not make it obvious that the notes A, B, and C are in the signal.
，后任三区革命临时政府副秘书长、新疆省联合政府副主席（1946年6月－1947年2月）、
Some words with this sound are lang (start) and lang (finish).
Lasker (white) v Schlechter (black).
同时这也是山东鲁能预备队联赛的六连冠。
In 1946, when James Lindenberg was about to make it a radio called Bolinao Electronics Corporation, they settled all the equipments.
Now she was back at word, piling up extra trips before a Hawaiian vacation later in the week with her older sister, Cathie.
Filmde Seksenli yıllarda oldukça meşhur olan Telsizle arkadaş bulma yöntemi sonucu önce arkadaş olan ve sonunda evlenen Selim ve Aliye'nin hikâyesi anlatılmaktadır.
In fact, below Friant Dam, a dam built in the 1940s on the San Joaquin River, 95 percent of the river's flow is dry.
Community activities should be accessible to people with disabilities.
The contents of a domestic water filter.
People who have the CELS are very good at speaking English.
Harry's aunt and uncle kept the truth about their deaths from Harry, telling him they died in a car accident.
Like other elapids, this is a proteroglyphous snake with fangs that are permanently erect and are located at the anterior of the upper jaw.
The original people to move to Taiwan can be called the Aboriginal people.
ZAFARI teaches kids that our differences should not just be tolerated, but celebrated.
在戲劇化的版本和他的個人敘述中，強生回憶說，這是他在完全清醒的情況下與惡魔最後一次相遇，因為在井邊遇到惡魔並與其進行眼神交流後，他才被附身。
Physical geography influences what people do.
In its theater run, Fireproof earned about $33,415,129, citation more than tripling the lifetime earnings of the movie made before it, Facing the Giants, and making it the 5th biggest Christian movie ever.
The venus blood & lymph do not cross the umbilical plane.
The club was founded in 1955.
Junior is when a son has the same name as the father, in which case he is referred to by his father's name plus Junior.
楊東升為本屆春晚總導演，這也是他第三次擔任春晚總導演。
In 2007, 3337 people lived there.
The ceremony used to take place in April or May.
It first appeared in the New York Evening Journal.
As a result, more people came out to protest.
之后，他回到自己的家里，继续在浴室里大范围地肢解和毁伤两具尸体，试图掩盖他们的身份。
將變數 與 代入徑向薛丁格方程式(2)：
Di Resta finished second in the 2008 championship, winning two races.
In 1968, the JASDF relocated to Iruma Air Base, and Kisarazu was transferred to JGSDF.
By July 2016, the seats were removed and it was handed over to the developers for demolition.
He is going to destroy Veldin, Ratchet's home, and this makes Ratchet angry.
Jabrail has its southern borders with Iran.
The length of time John was sitting was two hours.
Lissitzky spread suprematist ideas abroad in the early 1920s.
He had a conflict with his superiors in the West German Air Force.
Wholetime firefighters work as part of a 'watch'.
In about 4 out of 10 cases, a cause is found.
Another factor was that the Confederacy could not get help from outside.
Çağdaş tarih analizlerinde bu durum pek çok tarihçi tarafından, yetkin bireylerin Princeps mevkisine geçmesine olanak sağladığı için "ideal" olarak değerlendirilmiştir.
Because of this, its scientific name is named after him.
其长期从事舰船惯性导航系统、原理方案和惯性平台研制工作。
Arizona State University Press.
早年為國子進士，後補东莱郡录事参军，移任密县尉。
She was nicknamed "Mighty Mouse" because of her small height but also because of her competitive drive.
The old Pharaoh died and the Israelites cried loudly.
The average of the weights of each isotope is what give cerium its atomic mass of 140.12.
Or it may beat so fast that the heart does not have time to fill with blood and then squeeze the blood out to the body.
Where it is unavailable or not wanted, the name may be written as Sesslach.
Lately though, they have taped two episodes at a time and as a result are taped every two weeks.
家長及教師針對ADHD兒童規律有氧运动對行為及以社交-情緒上的改善有：全身整體機能較佳、減少ADHD症狀、自尊感較好、減少焦慮及抑鬱的程度、較少身體症狀、課業成績及教室行為較佳，社交行為也有改善 。
The developers of Specialized felt they should choose a name to show both the similarity and the difference.
For example, the need to finish a project at work might cause the OCPD person to have a quite unorganized home.
She offers him an ear if he will come over to her and talk since she cannot get off of her eggs.
These plans often involve a K-side v Q-side struggle, with each player attacking his opponent's pawn base.
'ne karşı savaşa karşı çıktı.
Liseler arası bir satranç turnuvası ve bilim şenliği ile 2009 yılında ilki yapılan uluslararası Frankofon liseler satranç turnuvası düzenlenmektedir.
He was elected in the 2014 election.
包括角色姓名，性别，种族，星座等。
Many people say that they have heard the shouting and the sound of dice rolling, as the Earl is still playing cards with the Devil.
He sat on a seat which was also an ejection seat which allowed the cosmonaut to escape from the spacecraft.
Statistics Canada estimates that Mississauga now has 704,000 people, an increase of 150,000 from the previous decade and the population has almost doubled in the past twenty years.
There they built a six-room home.
A drawing of man and woman in the 69 position.
该市镇总面积8.33平方公里，2009年时的人口为227人。
They had found part of a small building dating from soon after St. Peter's death, and some bones, but no-one could be sure if they were the bones of St. Peter.
Blue sharks live to up to 20 years.
Weglyn later decided to write a book called, Years of Infamy: The Untold Story of America’s Concentration Camps, to share the horror and torture that she experienced.
's valuable archive.
The wonderful world of bird beaks.
Since the 1770s geographers have discussed its limits.
Smoked hams are cured in brine and then exposed to the smoke from burning wood chips.
Mulherin was born in Mackay.
色雷斯人號驅逐艦自8日開戰起，日間忙於躲避日軍飛機空襲，夜間則要防止日軍從海上滲透。
Rhythm is the way the musical sounds and silences are put together in a sequence.
The people who are at the convention can talk to these guests, get autographs, and sometimes take pictures.
A Sullivan County farmer named Max Yasgur heard about the festival and the problems and offered his farm in the Town of Bethel.
Preamble of the Constitution of India: an insight and comparison with other constitutions.
Some men have advocated there should be equal access to sphinxing services for men.
不管在這個術語的適合性上的各種爭論，赫梯仍是最常用的術語，儘管一些作者確立使用術語——涅西特语。
In 2007, 18605 people lived there.
The mass of an object is the same everywhere.
's national space agencies from 1969 to 2003.
From December 2010 to September 2011, Fleischer hosted his own web show called Fleischer's Universe on Ustream.
's late 2007 UK tour.
New Christmas customs such as the Christmas tree and the greeting card were making their first appearances.
In other vaccines, only a protein molecule from the virus or bacterium is injected into the patient.
This helps preventing iodine deficiency.
On returning to his home, he claimed he had not seen any Aboriginal peoples, and said that the country was a vast and empty land which settlers could come and claim for themselves.
Taufiq Rafat is the one poet whose work has appeared in all three of Pakistan's major anthologies.
The selection gradient was estimated as –0.30, which means the selection for small eyes was quite strong.
They did an accompanying tour, called the Life Tour.
虽然汉纳同罗斯福在许多问题上存在分歧，但总统还是在1903年11月邀请汉纳主持连任竞选。
Tony Brown was educated at Castle Rushen and was an electrician.
这个是把她和Giggles区别开来的特征，但是她们还是最好的朋友。
A cane toad is one of the non-human characters in Dave Barry's 1999 novel Big Trouble and in the 2002 movie based on the novel.
The tactics you create and choose could ultimately be the decider whether a football match is won or lost.
He does not know that the Chipmunks feel like "Chipmunks Out of Water" because of all the (
The amount of money can be from nothing to tens of thousands of dollars depending on how many crab the fishermen caught.
"John has locked his car keys inside his car so that he cannot get at them.
》是西方最早提出感性概念的哲學著作之一，
As far back as 2007, Captain Allison Ng was written to be a super-proud one quarter Hawaiian who was frustrated that, by all outward appearances, she looked nothing like one.
星艦前傳的第三季主要围绕这一群未知的外星生物展开。
Betts could not pay for a lawyer.
The new company did poor work.
He was a politician of the former Liberal Party in Croatia.
It also was not until that century that they became a part of the Thanksgiving dinner.
Production of industrial goods fell to very low level.
、最佳導演等八項提名，結果只有十七歲、
École Polytechnique (EP or "l'X") is the best-kown engineering school in France.
They live in eucalyptus forests, other forests, and on plants near streams.
Three of the moons of the family (
Permafrost and fierce winds prevent large trees from growing deep roots.
Cumartesi günü Takım şut yarışması, üç sayı yarışması, smaç yarışması, HORSE mücadelesi, D-Lig All-Star maçı, D-Lig Dream Factory Friday Night organizasyonları düzenlenmiştir.
According to Statistics Canada, it has an area of 43 178 km² (16,671 square miles).
。1997年到1999年，魏德聖開始編寫與修改劇本，以及讀史料。 citation citation citation 在2000年時賽德克巴萊之劇本已完成，獲得新聞局優良電影劇本獎。
The two numbers are relatively close together, but mistaking the two has nevertheless led to problems.
Later this idea went out of fashion.
It was shown all over Italy before going back to the Louvre.
He says he's been recording new demos.
Cruz is a member of the Nuyorican poetry movement of Puerto Rican poets who moved to New York City.
While working at BYA, Reynolds became the chairperson of the committee to establish the library.
The total number of seats a party gets depends on the number of the second "party votes" it gets.
HMS Vanguard (S28) is one of four nuclear-powered ballistic missile submarines (SSBN).
然後他又說其第一槍擊中了第一位機槍手的要害，隨後第二槍則把另一位機槍手殺死。
，特別是頭形兜因為是曲線形狀，對付鐵砲有實戰效果，因此被視為重寶，這種頭形兜被稱為「日根野頭形」並留名於後世。
Its legs are long.
Many buildings were destroyed, including the Kuwait National Museum.
Being a United States citizen gives a person many rights.
"Sappho's Company of Friends", Hermes 136 (1). p. 21 and some modern historians have argued that she must have been Sappho's daughter, not her lover.
The deportation case against him was dropped.
，宗、教二詞各有其義，本不為一個統一的聯綴詞。
Chuck chokes Linda during sex.
Zehri insanlar için ölümcül olabilmektedir.
When Halsey learned about the Japanese supply attempt, he ordered the newly formed Task Force 67, which had four cruisers and four destroyers under the command of U.S. Rear Admiral Carleton H. Wright, to attack Tanaka's force off Guadalcanal.
Marie Bochet from France won gold in the women's downhill standing.
后来盖西再也没有见过他的第一任妻子或子女。
In the second series, his parents - who appear in the episode "Sick" - are revealed to be upper middle class.
He won Bangladesh National Film Award for Best Actor seven times for his roles in the movies, Ma O Chhele (1985), Apeksha (1987), Khotipuron (1989), Moroner Pore (1990), Pita Mata Santan (1991), Andha Biswas (1992) and Desh Premik (1994).
每半年审核并根据审核结果调整指数成分股，调整时间是每年6月和12月的第二个星期五的下一交易日。
Kakuni of pork is the dish which is boiled softly with sweet sake, soy sauce, and sake.
第二次世界大戰初期，又研發了一款新型刀鞘M3，以取代這些早期的刀鞘。
She is the producer and host of Trump Productions' Real News Update and a former producer of Inside Edition.
”，象征着土地与人民所面临的残酷现实。
滨海湾市街赛道的第17弯和18弯的一部分。
Busch Stadium was built next door to the Cardinals' previous ballpark, Busch Memorial Stadium.
His songs "The Girl from Ipanema" and "Corcovado" also became sensations.
This means that all students who have successfully finished this school are allowed to enter Waseda University.
，雖然奧古斯丁認為教會是被信徒來組成，但後來教會被政府承認(君斯坦丁死後)，教會就變成重視組織，結果神職人員被視為教會的真實。
The longest-running series of books to feature the Hardy Boys is the Hardy Boys Mystery Stories, sometimes also called the Hardy Boys Mysteries.
He was paid one dollar a day.
This changed in part the relationship between band and audience.
The characters are 2D to preserve Rodney's unique style of artwork, who designed all of the characters.
Her audiences seemed to love her in spite of her unmusicality.
The Midland Railway units used 6.6 kV AC.
London: British Film Institute.
He was titular bishop of Macon and auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Dedza, Malawi, from 1992 to 1993.
In 2000, there were 533 people living there.
In this way it differed greatly from modern science, which is based on observations from nature.
He says that he does miss it.
The most plausible though is many researchers believe, which is that the Electra ran out of fuel and that Earhart and Noonan ditched at sea.
Szipál returned to Hungary in 1997, where he worked for newspapers and taught in several photographer schools.
He was born in East Harlem, New York.
Patients with akinetopsia have problems with many tasks in their daily life.
When event B happens after event A, a person might think "event A must have caused event B".
The church contains the shrine and relics of Aethelthryth.
Christiaan and his brother, Constantijn, started to build their own telescopes in 1650.
Since then the wall has been nicknamed "The Wall Of Champions".
There is also The United States Hockey Hall of Fame Museum.
In the case it is the result of socialization.
這張專輯吸引來了許多海內外歌手紛紛提供歌曲，交給魏如萱填詞，
Kaynağın uygunluğuna ve önemine göre davranışlar ölümüne dövüşmeden daha güvenli olan ritüel davranışa kadar değişebilir.
在專輯1999年發行後Aku，該集團已面臨許多財政困難，
Cale is also the producer of this album.
At the Youth- asian championships he became champion with the team and 2008 he won the singles category.
The shadow of a nearby white mountain can be seen on the surface of the lake.
They are used for meditation purposes.
，四十四年升湖广副使，历任山西井陉参政、贵州参政、
It was built by the Sollitt Construction Company of South Bend.
He was born in San Fernando, Cádiz.
Erkekler Basketbol Ligi'nde de iki takım final oynarken, yine Galatasaray'ın evsahipliğindeki dördüncü maçta çıkan olaylar nedeniyle sarı-kırmızılı takım kendi sahasındaki bir sonraki maçı seyircisiz oynama cezasına çarptırıldı.
A garden show gives gardeners a chance to learn about the latest discoveries in horticulture.
In such separate electorates only Muslims could stand for elections.
更一般地，如果V写成子空间U与W的一个（内部）
The new lieutenant governor James Stirling arrived in Cockburn Sound on 2 June on the Parmelia, bring 69 new settlers.
The people in the room are talking, then Baron Ochs enters rudely.
Dünyanın en iyi defansları arasında yer almaktadır.
Ağı korumak için, bir masternode çalıştırmak isteyenlerin mevcut piyasa fiyatına teminat olarak belirli sayıda para satın almaları gerekmektedir.
Sometimes people use the word "gay" as a way of saying that they think something is strange or weird.
John Abramovic, American basketball player (b.
These are called montane deserts.
用於屋苑公共設施的日常管理, 保安, 清潔, 保養, 維修, 裝飾, 改善或美化工程或所有業主共享的支出(e.g. 政府部門/法庭的命令)。
Although Nikolai wanted to be a successful composer he was aware that he was not a great one.
The term 'microbiota' is best for bacteria and other microorganisms, but no doubt 'flora' will often be used.
This pipe is attached to a small rubber bowl where one can put a beaker of liquid to be mixed up.
The invention of fishing allowed some Upper Paleolithic and later hunter-gatherer societies to become sedentary or semi-nomadic, which altered their social structures.
Why were dinosaurs so big?
Both male and female have short, strong, legs that have large black hooves on the end.
春季保齡球大賽（2010年4月30日）
The pig is seen as the propagandist in the book and his ability to use language well makes his speeches believable by the other less intelligent animals.
One theory suggests Haydn inserted this loud chord saying, "That will make the ladies jump!"
For most of Berkeley County's history, Martinsburg has been its largest city.
He left Congress in 1809 to become judge of the Tennessee Supreme Court, serving until 1811.
由於漢喃銘文是重要史料，因而受到學術界關注。
During the crackdown on the protests of August 9–12, Belsat's journalists were putting their lives on the line, and two of them were injured.
入口大廳的國父孫文銅像，本體高5.
A higher-order differential equation has derivatives of other derivatives.
Most of the youkai are played by children of the children's theater company in Osaka, following the previous two works.
鄭穆公二十一年（公元前607年），鄭國的公子歸生從楚國之命，率軍攻打宋國，宋國戰敗，
博希蒙德就渴望在东方收获一块封地，为此曾与拜占庭反目。
Aberdeen is the largest city in Harford County.
，他发现如果将瘟牛胆汁用等量的纯甘油稀释，将失去其毒性，在10天后可以安全注射。
Ayaklanmalar ve Ekim 1988 kargaşasının başkanı Chadli Bendjedid, General Betchine tarafından başarılı bulunan General Ayat'ın, görevden alınmasına neden oldu.
With him was the tenor Peter Pears who was to become a lifelong friend and partner, and who was to be the inspiration for many songs and operas.
」商場4樓對出設地區休憩用地，為公共空間。
In 2010 Pruitt was elected Attorney General of Oklahoma.
、趨邪，解答人生疑惑，當然，服務的對象不僅止於卑南人，連漢人也前去卜問。
新游泳池於2015年10月落成啟用 citation （main） 。
These temnospondyls were some of the first vertebrates fully adapted to life on land.
File:近鉄吉野線 下市口駅 Shimoichiguchi station 2010.4.04 - panoramio.
當時冰島沒有都市，因此沒有出現像中世紀歐洲城市的大規模建築，也沒有巨型石材雕刻。
Plasticity, or plastic deformation, is the ability of a solid material to have a permanent change in shape.
Ocak 2014'te, Abhazya topraklarının bir kısmının Rusya'nın Soçi kentinde Kış Olimpiyatları öncesinde kurulan büyük "güvenlik bölgesinin" bir bölümüne dahil edileceği açıklandı.
In the earliest history of europe it referred to Ancient Greece and the Aegean.
但该书二刻、三刻出版时都有了各自名称《警世通言》和《醒世恒言》，而一刻《古今小说》再版时标题改为《喻世明言》，因此《古今小说》如今只是《喻世明言》的别称。
Triola was listed as being one of the most popular performers in the history of Music Circus of the 1950s.
Aynı zamanda Johnny, Clay'ı yardım için ararsa, Clay yanına Terry'yi de alarak yardıma gelir.
It made the most common chemicals used in synthetic marijuana illegal.
The urban population was main of the total population.
The top of the Sydney Tower from Hyde Park.
’in "Nachtjournal" isimli tv-magazin programının Türkiye yapımcılığını üstlendi.
Elektromanyetik birimler fiziğin elektromanyetik dalında kullanılan birimlerdir.
The Board does this by using traditional Aboriginal place names or names with Aboriginal origin wherever it can.
Its horns were made of gold.
But they used a rope to keep the chair from going too high.
Siouxsie and the Banshees were an English rock band.
Some chemicals can help an enzyme do its job even better.
On May 5, 1961, Shepard flew into space in the Mercury spacecraft.
Artemis programı kapsamında şu ana kadar kesinleşmiş üç uçuş bulunuyor.
Naismith was not good at school, but enjoyed farm work.
He was a repeated Champion of Iran, he was a member of the national team in five Chess Olympiads.
When countries that had a "
他們前往西邊大門的階梯頂端，那裡是整個校園最高的地方。
Encouraged, Simmons filed a new petition to the Supreme Court of Missouri.
Brendan Grace (1 April 1951 – 11 July 2019) was an Irish comedian and singer.
Berdahl taught history at OU from 1967 to 1986.
That's what keeps us going.
This is called a phantom limb.
Mozart wrote some new music for the Vienna performance.
The topside of their wings is mostly orange in colour.
Some people tell a story that Abner Doubleday invented baseball in Cooperstown, but the story is not true.
With a total goal of $5,000, they donated $5 from each shirt and $8 from each hoodie.
He played many matches as right midfielder.
They make the nest from large sticks.
A person also exerts a gravitational pull, but it is so tiny it can be ignored for all practical purposes.
Two works of the greatest importance works occupied him at this time.
The short is now available as a separate DVD as of March 24, 2009.
The prize was then given to Kevin Connor.
Seven similar posts were also captured in what became known as Pontiac's Uprising.
Eros is the son of Aphrodite.
Incubi are sometimes said to be able to conceive children.
波昂大學教授赫勒曼說：「催產素可增加信任……
雖然法院判剝奪政治權利 5 年，但有關法規並不包括限制人身自由。
"Prelim" value is the sum of two marks for compulsory and optional routine on the respective apparatus in the team competition, divided by two.
While there were some problems believed to be the result of careless or disgruntled employees, there were no confirmed instances of Axis-instigated sabotage.
实际上，纳粹为戏剧舞台创作了许多宣传作品。
如今的佩泰耶韦西老教堂可供游人参观，夏季是受人欢迎的举办婚礼的场所，大多数周日也会举办宗教仪式。
The GPU's job is to handle graphics calculations.
Then he married Silvia Burgos.
The mathematical bases of special relativity are the Lorentz transformations, which mathematically describe the views of space and time for two observers who are moving relative to each other but are not experiencing acceleration.
The game ends if the bottle fills up with capsules.
The newspaper and its readers selected the nihongo.
He continued to take part in the concerts and piano shows in many places.
They murdered thousands of Jews and Gypsies."
Ana killed two people but caused no damage.
Cream aktif olarak oynatılabildiği veya hikâyede olduğu son oyun Sonic Generations'dur.
On May 9, 2016, Duterte was elected president.
The population of Jenks grew by 47.9%, Bixby grew by 44.56%, and Owasso grew by 34.31%.
木村吉清（生年不詳—1598年）
Ellerinde olan davayı henüz çözememişken Fred, ailesiyle birlikte ayrılır.
It was aided by Republican France.
列寧的支持者占多數，並稱呼他們為「
The coastline of Wales, showing start and end points of the trail.
Three assumptions are often discussed in relation to the ZPD.
此次運動並無統一的領導和組織，
此后王允就对人说貂蟬比月亮还漂亮，称为“闭月”。
During the summer many people go to the lakes to water ski.
She disguises herself as an old woman.
When or why "Taps" replaced the original title is unknown.
This angers Jacob, and he runs away as a werewolf, "letting Jacob Black disappear."
"'u yazmıştır.) Yerel jüri 15 ve 22 Kasım 2016 tarihlerinde başvuruları değerlendirecek.
Those were put there near the end of the 16th century.
It has been created in 1984.
He was the Minister of Fisheries between 1978 to 1980.
Eyespots can only distinguish light from dark.
民国三十六年（1947年），全县分为泌北、泌西、泌东三县，郭集属泌北县（治所设方城县酒店）；
In 1809, Seton moved to Emmitsburg, Maryland.
At the end, the lead singer finds Daredevil's club and sees the name Fuel burning from gasoline.
Chu is known for his research at Bell Labs in cooling and trapping of atoms with laser light, which won him the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1997, along with his scientific colleagues Claude Cohen-Tannoudji and William Daniel Phillips.
In 2002, Navrátil was awarded the 292nd Bronze Wolf, the only distinction of the World Organization of the Scout Movement, awarded by the World Scout Committee for exceptional services to world Scouting.
Circular reporting is a situation where multiple sources appear to be independent, but in reality originate from a single source.
It was adapted into a Japanese television drama series in the summer of 2014, running from 21 July to 22 September.
He was ordained to the priesthood on 8 July 1933, in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Arras.
But she finds Bella still alive, and Bella is extremely happy at their reunion.
Bölgesel hükûmet olan Acara Özerk Cumhuriyeti Bakanlar Konseyi'nin başkanı, Gürcistan devlet başkanı tarafından belirlenmektedir.
CamelCase may also be used when writing proper names in languages that add prefixes to words.
Ratchet and Clank was released on November 4, 2002 in North America.
Margaret L. "Peg" Murray (February 14, 1924 – November 29, 2020) was an American actress.
A person is considered to be deaf if they cannot hear the same range of sounds as a person with normal hearing ability.
The valley was blocked by a natural series of hills called Helm's Dike.
For the civilian Dodge VC-, VF-, WC- and WF-Series trucks, see Dodge T-, V-, W-Series.
It is implied that Percy is trying to tell Annabeth about his feelings, but Annabeth remains distant,still due to her lingering feelings towards Luke.
Queen Clarisse provides an ancestral wooden leg decoy to make it look like she's riding sidesaddle.
Gardeners creating a large garden.
Around 30,000 video games have been checked for approval since the beginning; every year more than 1,000 games are submitted by publishers.
Before joining the Tenth Circuit, Gorsuch had been a Deputy Associate Attorney General at the U.S. Department of Justice since 2005.
Upset, Ron goes to the South African embassy.
One Billion Rising for Justice was in February 2014.
Much like their first two albums, The Black Parade offers a message of hope.
He is the creator and narrator of the YouTube webseries The Game Theorists.
Peter Guthrie Tait was the first person to make charts describing mathematical knots in the 1860s.
但除了那不勒斯以外，大多数欧洲国家并未给予他援助，
No one was killed, but all on board were injured, 11 seriously.
Üçüncü ders yılı başladığında Ankara'ya gitmedi, yaz tatilinden sonra babası tarafından Ankara'ya gitmesine izin verilmiyor ve İstanbul'da bir okul bakılıyor.
He is sometimes a violently psychopath who always freaks out and smash things when he is angry and he has a disorder.
Archer would attend his real trial during the day and be judged in his fictional trial at the theatre in the evening.
Shulman, William L. A State of Terror: Germany 1933–1939.
：10人来自埃及，6人来自北也门，3人来自科威特，1人来自伊拉克，1人来自苏丹，1人来自南也门。
Lorna Regina "Loren" Bautista Legarda is a Filipino politician and former journalist.
The condensation happens because the air is able to hold less water when it is cooled.
Tourism is important in Switzerland.
In 1963, he accepted a position at the Kirkbrae Country Club in Lincoln, Rhode Island where he continues to work.
在失联人员中，通过酒店住宿记录等方式确认其中5人生还 citation 。
It is known for its clean thin air.
If people are working, the economy is good.
Haskell was the only one who did not return, citation while Hatch, Lewis, Boesch and Hawk placed 14th, 3rd, 17th and 13th.
She graduated as a practitioner in acupuncture and moxibustion.
All lead vocals by Rick Davies, except where noted.
He made a marble bas-relief in the church of Santa Maria at the Maggiore Hospital at Ca 'Granda in Milan with a subject "The healings of Christ".
Interest can also be the care or concern that someone has for something or someone.
She brought water many times.
，并在1954年的爱情电影中出演《罗马之恋》。
The Chosen is a 1981 American drama movie directed by Jeremy Kagan and was based on the novel of the same name by Chaim Potok.
Uncle Tupelo split on May 1, 1994.
By a vote of 5 to 4, the Supreme Court refused to stop the execution.
Soon, he became famous for cunning and bravery.
The bombs killed as many as 140,000 people in Hiroshima and 80,000 in Nagasaki by the end of 1945, citation about half on the days of the bombings.
源氏萤——通过比较个体的发光周期，大致以糸静线为界分为西日本型（短周期型，2秒型）和东日本型（长周期型，4秒型）。
Maggie Johnson ve Dina Eastwood (ikinci eşi) ile iki evilik yaptı ve yedi çocuğu var.
In some countries falcons are used in falconry.
，歐盟各國並非重要的進口來源 citation 。
The brushwork is exceptional.
弗朗茨立即作为“先驱”开始了全时传道工作。
She is the Executive Director of the Delaware Center for Justice from 2014 to 2019.
He was Deputy Prime Minister of Malaysia from 2009 till 2015, Deputy Chairman of Barisan Nasional and Deputy President of the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO), the main component party of the Barisan Nasional (BN) coalition from 2009 till 2016.
These streams and rivers cannot carry all the water, so it quickly floods.
When he was 13, his mother died.
Duygusal olarak hisleri gelişmeyen idiosiler, özbakımlarını gerçekleştiremez, kendi başlarına yemek yiyemez, tuvalet eğitimi alamazlar.
Later rulers of Rome called themselves “Caesar” and this title was later copied as “
On 12 September 1939 in Abbeville a conference took place.
Players may also fight enemies with firearms.
He wrote in a late-Romantic style.
Top row - obverse (front), bottom row - reverse (back).
It was released on August 16, 2013.
黎族服装以棉麻为原料，多穿对襟无领上衣。
Electrons have a negative charge and the nucleus always has a positive charge, so they attract each other.
Squamous epithelial cells are a flat type of cell found in the skin and the membranes that line some body cavities.
The Blower's Daughter is his representative song.
；16至18世紀歐洲各國紛紛加強君權，
He studied at La Palma Elementary School and High School at Regent College and New Eton College.
Norbert Brainin continued to perform as a soloist, often performing with pianist Günter Ludwig.
It consists of the opening adagio followed by a variation for the male dancer.
Paul D. Walker, The Cavalry Battle that Saved the Union: Custer Vs. Stuart at Gettysburg (Gretna, LA: Pelican Publishing Co., 2002), p. 144 The Confederates then retreated from the battlefield.
Flower wonders what "twitterpated" is, and Friend Owl responds "I'll tell you when you're older."
弗朗索瓦盡力發展與新大陸和亞洲的往來，法蘭西艦隊駛往美洲和尋找前往亞洲的航線，與奧斯曼帝國的關係開始建立，後者允諾發展雙方在地中海的貿易以及戰略軍事聯盟。
Mylodon, Paramylodon had dermal ossicles: small bones embedded in the skin.
全校共有6个班本科达线率100%，其中4个班一本达线率100%。
If a person ends a relationship, that person "dumps" their partner.
Many thermosetting polymers are difficult to recycle.
殿堂内现供奉莲花生大师像和释迦牟尼、
In 1961 it changed its name back to the Liberal Party.
Cortana can open for freeded in Windows 10 as of Spring 2021.
The town was named Stewart by Robert M. Stewart in 1905.
However, these nine things are not all equal.
In the next season, they will do The Lion and The Bear again but this time with more careful Music and happier voices.
The Stadium's third floor was still dry.
She released her first single in 1999.
A 2008 report from the Turkish National Security Council (MGK) estimated that approximately 1.3 million people of Albanian ancestry live in Turkey, and more than 500,000 recognizing their ancestry, language and culture.
比赛结束时，哈桑跑去追赶最后一个掉落的风筝作为阿米尔的战利品，离开之前对阿米尔说：“为你，千千万万遍。”
In 1989, the band nearly asked Kim Deal to leave because of her laziness.
The southeast of the province has the Can Gio Wetlands.
Mrs. Jumbo sadly looks on how babies are delivered by the stork to other circus animals.
Tyche is one of the Oceanids.
The greater region covers about 2,000,000 km² (or 772,200 square miles) and is inhabited by about 94.2 million people (Ethiopia: 79 million, Somalia: 10 million, Eritrea: 4.5 million, and Djibouti: 0.7 million).
The shooter, George Zimmerman, was the coordinator of the neighborhood watch in this community.
It focused on outdoor life, sports, and other subjects of interest to teen males.
John Clifton "Jack" Bogle (May 8, 1929 – January 16, 2019) was an American investor, businessman, and philanthropist.
Janus makes him choose to become a murderer, which he must bear a burden for as long as he lives.
He has two children with his wife, publicist Hannah Clarke.
He also thought that behavior is shaped by the environment over time due to the outcome of a person's actions.
Ancak, İspanyolların bu sevinci kısa sürdü.
Mahallenin adının önceden kuş cenneti olmasından dolayı geldigi tahmin ediliyor.
Bid rigging is most common among construction firms trying to get a government building project.
The land west of Goblin Valley State Park is part of the San Rafael Swell.
Benzer şekilde canavar ve yaşlı ikili de birtakım şeylerin şekle bürünmüş halidir.
The above estimated population record is referred in CTA population census.
Robot Jones and My Life as a Teenage Robot.
Miller (2009), pp.4,11 This study found that 23% of the global population or 1.57 billion people are Muslims.
When the weather is dry, the frog digs a burrow and stays underground.
Thirteen broads are generally open to navigation, with a further three having navigable channels.
Also, they used electronics.
It takes cases where the crime or the matter relates to more than one country.
不過林義雄在發表聲明的同時也提到：「自從2000年黨主席任滿後，我就計畫適時退出本黨，致力於文教事業。
’nin de içinde bulunduğu 80’den fazla ülkede insanları etkilemektedirler.
Evans, G. Blakemore: "The Riverside Shakespeare", page 1100, Houghton Mifflin Company, 1974.
Some of the altars are: St. Anna's altar, Jezus's Sacred Heart altar, St. Agnes's altar and St. Nicholas's altar.
Its catchphrase which the voice says before a game begins is: "If you don't keep up with me, you're finished!"
Chungkham is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin.
This is a very common bug found throughout many video games.
Benzer şekilde, chilapa, bir fincan şeklinde kızartılmış tortilla kabıdır.
Early reports indicated that Cheney and Whittington were friends and that the injuries were minor.
The Ore Mountains are famous for many Christmas traditions.
The high peaks are all on the east of the Iller.
在城墙内是长条形的简单住宅，能够保护内层更好的房屋免受大炮的风险。
They thought The Nutcracker was foolish.
While they are related to the individual's way to deal with stressful situations, they are also often rooted in the personality.
The taxon is labeled incertae sedis, because the authors of the publication do not want to guess where the taxon belongs.
The uterus then gets rid of the ovum and the extra tissue by releasing it from the body.
With his wife, he had two daughters.
在1970年代末到1980年代初曾經在電台及電視台當紅，
All of the sores that people get during this stage can spread syphilis.
He married Julie Deborah Brown in 2003, and in 2017 they were still marrie.
港鐵同時會把月台、各種標誌、告示及廣播進行「港鐵化」。
They store water in their succulent leaves.
，至頊齡所居“秀甲園”，賜御書榜。
The ISS has been continuously crewed since.
Parnell did not reply to the claim, and the divorce was granted.
Toki Pona relies very heavily on expressing ideas by using root words together.
DJ Premier son olarak bir Gang Starr CD/DVD'sinin piyasaya çıkabileceğini açıkladı.
Faces such as 'ㅅ', "ㅅ", 'ㅂ','ㅇ', using quotation marks " and apostrophes ' are also commonly used combinations.
She was shot near the end of the war.
This allows to communicate to friends of friends and build chatrooms for instant messages with all friends on that network.
Arma üzerindeki eski Rus silahları, Rostov'un Rusya sınırlarının savunmasında oynadığı role atıfta bulunmaktadır.
Sigma Octantis is the current southern pole star.
He has been married to Revé Drew since 1971.
'nın kuzeyinde yer alan ada Batı Estonya Takımadaları arasında yer alır.
She played for Volley Bergamo and Imoco Volley Conegliano.
His mother died in childbith on 2 March and his father died 1326 and was buried in Paisley Abbey, where Robert II was born.
By concentrating the chemicals in one place, the cell membrane performs a vital function.
Abraham believed the fan club would bring in new fans.
Asda Stores Ltd. is a British supermarket chain.
In the prison, Oxley scratched out some drawings.
In this model, a magnetic H-field is produced by magnetic charges that are 'smeared' around each pole.
He won a victory and returned to Northumbria.
They drove all over the East Coast of the United States, working for companies many small companies.
The Fairbairn Airbase was named after him.
學院提供鋼琴, 大提琴, 爵士樂, 作曲, 芭蕾, 錄音藝術, 教育(聲樂, 弦樂, 管樂)等專業。
He is known for being a qualification expert.
Small amounts of drinks made with addition of various spices, ginseng, and even canned snake.
Massa is near the sea, and has a population of approximately 69,000 inhabitants, distributed in five areas.
Confusion of the unusual Portuguese saint name Gonçalo with Spanish Diego led to the wrong name Diego Alvarez Island in English-language sources from the 1800s to 1930s.
Communist party power and Sukarno's power increased while Hatta weakened.
She is very active in the campaign "Praat mar Frysk" ("Let’s speak Frisian") which helps to make the Frisian language popular.
He won the world title in 1954 and 1957, and was a runner-up in 1959.
There she lived for 36 years, and spent her time arranging and caring for the records of her husband’s career.
Mandela said "Don't call me, I will call you". citation Although continuing to meet with close friends and family, the Nelson Mandela Foundation denied invitations for him to appear at public events and most interview requests.
On the way back they walk through a the forest and come across a pig.
He taught Fashion at the University of Córdoba.
Widening Social Inequalities in Risk for Sudden Infant Death Syndrome.
。1884 年改作福音堂，名為「惠師禮會」(1914 年改名中華循道公會)。
It was created in 1974 from the old Division of Australian Capital Territory.
It was built on the former site of John F. Kennedy Stadium (originally Philadelphia Municipal Stadium).
İlk golünü Makedonya'ya karşı attı.
現時為家禽作防疫注射，已證實是控制禽流感的最快速和有效的方法。
Dhilaalo is a bit further to the north.
They often roost in tree cavities or in bark crevices on tree trunks, especially during migration.
Habermas was awarded The Prince of Asturias Award in Social Sciences for 2003.
Since then, the Lakotah people have lived inside the borders of the USA.
The first store opened in 1906.
In this triangle, if angle C is 90 degrees, then the opposite side, "c", is the hypotenuse.
Önemli kayıplara uğrayan Türk ordusu geri çekilirken de büyük miktarda mühimmat ve zahire bıraktı.
Since then this word has developed into the Modern German word Österreich, which literally means "East Empire."
France as a case study.
Valley of the Seven Castles is an informal name given to the valley of the Eisch river, in central Luxembourg.
It is developed and published by Klei Entertainment.
When they stopped being good people and did bad things, the gods sent earthquakes and fire to destroy Atlantis.
It has the world's largest dues-paying alumni association.
Another common requirement is a place to attach to.
本次補選共有4,538名已登記選民投票，投票率為41.
Cornelius is a very bad man.
）；水利系由严恺带去成立华东水利学院（
但是，該突襲的確有助於提昇美國海軍和美國公眾的士氣，
它完全达到了我们的期望” citation 。
The team also missed France due to their car being stuck in a blockade by French truck drivers.
他们的寓所坐落于柏林夏洛腾堡区(Charlottenburg-Westend)，
They are not to be confused with the larger lang.
They did this because of his diminishing abilities and because Gilliam was established at second base.
Ve her ülkenin askerleri değişiktir ama aslında hepsi aynıdır ve eşit güçtedir.
First, it was necessary to obtain the divine will of the gods respecting his appointment by means of the auspices, since the king would serve as high priest of Rome.
His daughter Kate said, "We're bringing him home.
王汉川博士和朋友联合主编的“生命树书系”于2003年在北京问世，旨在激励读者对自己“生命之树常青”的展望，帮助“一部分人在精神上先富裕起来”，推动和谐社会和全民精神文明的建设。
During the 20th century some attempts were made to join Bokmål and Nynorsk into one language, but they did not succeed.
It is every year, in late September and early October.
Beta测试时长总计3个月（65个活跃日），不到之前宣称最短4个月的测试周期 。
Garbage blocks can be cleared by clearing lines below it.
After a while, he left Babylonia because he was not happy with the government.
The TTC also operates an extensive network of buses and streetcars.
，而所在空間為n， m < n ，則S不是超球面。
He was the 13th and last king of the Nguyễn Dynasty.
The green field stands for the lushness of the land of Bangladesh.
So there is every probability that a number of brahmana families were mixed up with members of other varnas in forming the present Kayastha and Vaidya communities of Bengal."
It is inside the entrance to the mount's outer wall.
The dam explodes and a ton of water comes down.
During the play's run, she made her first movie, Secrets of a Windmill Girl.
She owns most of Forrester Creations.
Satie was not a brilliant composer, but he was happy to compose well in a simple way.
When Haasse was a child, she lived near here.
It is likely that the timbers were freestanding, rather than part of a roofed structure.
」。 citation 近期，克勞斯·科施尼克和「慕尼黑學派」裡的世界基督教學科也嘗試研究世界基督教的多樣性。 citation 除了這幾個歷史學家外，
Bu nedenle daha hareketli piyade ve zırh saldırılarını desteklemek için kundağı motorlu top olarak kullanıldı.
He is a member of the Russian National Volleyball Team.
The congress then censored the ministers chosen by Martínez Mera, one of which was Abelardo Montalvo.
杨绾上任为吏部侍郎的时间不详，
It is 777 meters above sea level.
Now, she sings for Lucy, Leah, and children everywhere.
This period started in December 1592 and ended in 1596. citation During this time, the emperor was nihongo.
If an operation is used on any elements in the group, the element that is formed will also be part of the group.
This is known as the Satsuma Rebellion.
Both aircraft are substantially damaged.
三歲，有著天真單純又善良的性格，很容易哭。
Some clubs in the English Midlands shuffled between the Third Division North and the Third Division South based on the composition of the two leagues.
This is the only one game that limits participants by gender.
In 2011, there were 8,908 people living in Great Cornard.
It caused at least 4 deaths.
There are eight or nine million Bahá'ís in the world, of all peoples and languages.
這麋鹿角的裝飾，在真實的美國西部中通常被放置在舊西部的一般商店，因此邊域世界也這麼做了，並且邊域世界的每個裝飾物下面都會有英文做說明，讓進入商店的遊客可以立即知道這家店在買什麼（原是美國西部的商店標誌不明，只能依靠牛仔自己挨家挨戶的詢問）。
He was best known for presenting Cuatro's Todos contra el chef for sixteen episodes from 2005 until 2006.
First, he argued that to submit to the kidnappers' demands would immediately place his other fourteen grandchildren at the risk of copy-cat kidnappers.
Tuncay Becedek, (19 Temmuz 1942 İstanbul, 23 Nisan 2021) Türk futbolcu.
After a couple of years in the Hanshin minor league system, Igawa entered the starting rotation in 2001.
He was appointed the bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Mzuzu on 3 March 1995.
His best known work is Death on the Asphalt.
The President of the Bundesrat is usually elected on the 1 November in one year, and serves until the 31 October of the next year.
其结果也清清楚楚說明：“若耶和華是神，就當順從耶和華；若巴力是神，就當順從巴力”（列王紀上18:21）。
Sometimes his enemies use it to hurt him.
After a certain time it will go bad.
He was 15 years old.
The Americans had many dead and wounded.
Their on-going feud led to their match at WrestleMania.
It has been called a 'superfood'.
，安徽省美术家协会主席，农工党安徽省书画院院长，安徽省文史馆特约画师。
Harpler girerek büyük dalgalar gibi ses yapmaya başlarlar.
Now their use is declining and has been banned in some countries, states and medical institutions.
It is supported by ITU among others.
People who abuse ketamine a lot (more than 4 times a week) have been found to have impaired memory and increased depression when compared to people who don't abuse ketamine.
An example is the redevelopment of a block of small houses into a large apartment.
They have two eyes, ears, arms, and legs.
在每年暑假，由臺東高商舉辦暑期管樂研習營，召集各地愛好管樂的學生參加。
Thousands of parents have said the government and builders did not build schools properly.
To bring the data back, if the main copy of the data is lost, we need the last full backup, as well as all of the incremental backups that have been done since then.
He thought people should learn it along with national languages and use Esperanto for communication between people with different native languages.
史密斯和克萊恩（Klein）都表示對艾薇爾以及她的配音員讚賞，前者指出“有點難接受的是奧利維亞·奧森” 。
In 2002, the company started the series production of the model CC 8S.
In English they were sometimes referred to as Group for Call and Combat.
单轴拉伸粘度的实验测定方法有在给定应力下测形变速率，则外加拉力须随拉伸时断面积的减小而自动减小。
The 4 remaining players are reserves three of which can be interchanged with any other player in the team as often as the coach wants.
Prince George came to his assistance; he picked up the weight and threw it a considerable distance with ease, to the delight of the crowd.
Her most notable movie was De Tod uf em Oepfelbaum from 1966.
She was very kind and understanding.
、聯誼會、藥師公會等謀求特定多數人利益提供服務的團體。
The lab is open to the public on Sundays during the summer for tours and special programs.
At Team World Championships she doesn't took part.
When traveling on land they knew it would take them, for example, two days to get from one place to another.
Among Henry's works is the 1967 ballet Messe pour le temps présent.
The leaders of the Chinese Communist Party give speeches citation.
Merkezi bir mimari unsur olan sütunlu salon tasarımı, Ahameniş mimari geleneğinden esinlenmiştir.
In a non-adaptive attack, the attacker chooses the ciphertext or ciphertexts to decrypt in advance, and does not use the resulting plaintexts to inform their choice for more ciphertexts.
Electric power is a measurement of the rate at which energy is used over a period of time.
）10月9日：牛込站隨main市街線新宿－牛込一同開業。
The song "Sunshowers" and "Galang" were re-released.
’s Glow in the Dark Tour. citation They were the lead creative directors for Monsters of Hip Hop: The Show, citation the So You Think You Can Dance Tour, and America's Best Dance Crew Live.
He holds a grudge against his former friend Bobby Drake.
It is at 50° 37 North, 06° 02 East.
He was in his 50s, tired, and ill.
Promontory forts can be found all along the coast of Penwith.
Bu hücreler erişkin kök hücreleri ya da normal yetişkin hücreleri (eptirel gibi) değildir, yeniden programlanmış ve pluripotent yetisi kazandırılmışlardır.
The person seeking revenge is often hurt as badly as his victim.
Dedektif Dwight Faraday, temel önceliği hayvan saldırılarıyla uğraşan bir dedektiftir.
She was vice-president of ISME from 1970 to 1974.
In the 14th century, the walls of Figeac were built.
A member of the group, Andrea, tries to stay as well.
IEEE Multimedia 13(3), Special issue on Haptic User Interfaces for Multimedia Systems, pp. 24–30 (2006).
He became General Secretary.
Üçüncü kategori ise termodinamik tip kapanlardır.
Bu yöntem ayrıca S-tiyollenmenin belirlenmesinde başarılı bir şekilde kullanılmıştır (11).
There he played for BSC Young Boys Bern.
These are the workers and the rich.
The general direction of the rivers is from Southwest to northeast.
在意外听到所有朋友们的鼓励之后，苍真毅然开始了他最后的战斗……
He was the 24th Chief Election Commissioner of Pakistan on 14 July 2012 and resigned on 31 July 2013.
Before the voyage, Queen Isabella reminded Columbus that he should treat all of the native people well and make them into Christians.
She played 122 games and scored 11 goals for Japan until 2016.
The tadpoles can live even in hot water.
Fukui habutae silk is made in a process called nureyoko(濡れ横).
If this species is caught, it must be released immediately into the water in a manner that maximizes the shark's survival.
There are two village in buner valley where you would see waterfalls charai and Laygani situated at the bottom of the Elam mountain.50 to 60 families living in charai village & the smallest & most beautiful village in buner valley.
，将金陵路东段改成金陵东路，并沿用至今 citation 。
He is currently in his third term of office as mayor.
In July 2008, they separated.
His last team was SpVgg Unterhaching in Germanys 3. League.
Sri Lankan elephants eat leaves, grasses, shrubs, and vines.
，並曾擔任該社社長及該刊物之發行人。
By January 29, about 1,000 people had been arrested.
Frank Stenton, Anglo-Saxon England (Oxford University Press, 1971), p. 185 By the time of his death in 689 he had completed four trips to Rome and the south and brought back large collections of books each time.
，永祿4年的第4次川中島之戰後，以北信濃地域安定為契機，武田家的對外方針轉變，義信事件後與今川家的關係惡化並在永祿11年開始侵攻今川的領國駿河。
The patent owner can give other people permission to use their patent.
》星表，传舍增加了4颗肉眼可见的星。
While defending from Prost, he held up Prost allowing Piquet to get ahead of him.
The story has been made into many movies.
Film "Maymunlar Cehennemi: Başlangıç" filminin devam filmidir.
They are situated along the edge of Marina Reservoir.
In 2010, 352 people lived there.
，得名于拉丁人医院（Hospital de la Latina），下轄有7個分区。
In October 2008, Grupo Santander announced that it would purchase the 75.65% of Sovereign Bancorp it does not currently own.
LCDs are in some ways better than OLEDs and some ways worse.
Nihayet, 10 −18 m gibi küçük mesafelerde zayıf etkileşimin gücünün, elektromanyetik etkileşiminkiyle kıyaslanabilir olduğu belirlendi.
Metcard replaced a identical yet simpler system of scratchies used on the Melbourne public transport network.
The band became popular by performing music in the streets.
洪惟仁宗圣文钦孝皇帝，仁静根心，温恭合德。
We don't have anything like that coming on our schedule now."
：2002年於日本首播的電視劇版本，
，扬言“但得宋某一人，免屠城”。
Some people believed Exodus would break up again because of this.
$9.5 million in cash and $1 million a year for a 60-year concession to a tract of barren land near the border of Saudi Arabia and Kuwait.
This was simply to cover any noise coming from the person inside.
Copper sulfate is somewhat toxic to humans.
He separated from his eighth wife in 2012.
The curled stamens of the male flowers straighten quickly as the flowers open, releasing the pollen.
In the complicated plants, most of the inside of a plant cell is taken up by a central vacuole.
The strong parallelism among the three gospels suggests they were written at more or less the same time.
Jenkins (1990), p. 137. By 1928 the Klan was in steep decline; and three years later, the group sold its Canfield, Ohio, meeting area, Kountry Klub Field.
Dr. Rocks defined his concept of "sports chemistry" as "the combination of modern analytical chemistry with sports metrics".
Others, like the electronic calculator, use batteries.
The Nord-Est and Nord-Ouest departments were part of the Nord department.
现有90个教学班，在校学生7000余名，教职工275名，其中专任教师230名，有特级教师3人，全国优秀教师4人，“国家级骨干教师”3人，省级教学能手7人。
He is one of the biggest Romanian masters of orchestration.
It can be harmful for both humans and animals if a large amount is consumed.
本魚多發現在岩石海岸的石礫底水域，偶出現在沙泥質海域。
Sicim kuramında ise, bağlanma katsayısı, artık bir sabit değil, belirli bir biçimdeki dilaton isimli sicim sayısıdır.
Views of the group's actions and usefulness vary widely.
He played 19 games for Japan until 1975.
Winters are mild and summers are very hot.
Following implementation, it saw a 19% year-on-year increase in new customers.
In Romania, people have started to change the laws so that color blind people will also be able to drive legally.
There are four municipalities in Pathanamthitta: Tiruvalla, Adoor, Pathanamthitta and Pandalam.
For many, Christmas has become a time when having parties, sending messages to family and friends and giving presents has become more important than the celebration of Jesus' birth.
Other versions of the engine were made for Formula Atlantic in 1970, and SCCA club racing and sports car racing.
The cover was banned.
The show wanted to use "Geek Squad" to describe the main characters' job.
Zapolyarny is the closest settlement to the Koshka Yavr air base.
他还表示：“委员会建议硬币只能在铸币局局长选定的一家分局生产，每批产量不少于五千枚。”
Two days later, on 8 March 2021, his body was found.
，设车站6座，均为地下车站，于2019年12月28日开通 citation 。
The turtle had been there for more than fifty years, before Yangtze giant soft-shell turtles became rare.
Off spin is when the cricket ball spins towards a right-handed batsmen's bat (bowler's left to right).
Reverend Shuttlesworth also started the Alabama Christian Movement for Human Rights citation ) in May 1956.
Global Television Network (mainly called Global or Global TV) is a Canadian television channels.
This mode of moving is slow and very demanding, needing up to seven times the energy of laterally undulating over the same distance.
北元蒙古国大汗巴图蒙克达延汗，是成吉思汗第十五世孙，巴彦蒙克吉浓之子。
Having an imposter syndrome, they avoid feeling different and without talent or abilities in the more woman-typical job.
This was done to prevent attacks by pro-slavery tribes and Confederate supporters in Indian Territory.
Today the city is part of Lower Saxony.
The American Circus.
A RAID 5 with a failed disk will continue to work.
It was the first in the Savoy group of hotels and restaurants, which were owned by his family for over a century.
The problems started when the prisoners hid from their rescuers.
The Imperial Crown of India is not a part of the British Crown Jewels, though it is stored with them.
The word in the middle of the dictionary will be either before or after the term that needs to be looked up, if the words do not match.
Rosemary Hollis (1952 – 8 June 2020) was a British political scientist.
On 16 April 2020, the country recorded its first COVID-19-related death, a 59-year-old man with diabetes.
Most have small feet, of little use for walking, and long pointed wings.
Rus Devrimi'nden sonra Krasnoyarsk'ta kâğıt ve hidroelektrik santralleri (Yenisey) kuruldu.
'ye ait tarihi eserler yer almaktadır.
If a player is put in a position where they cannot move, they lose. citation If the players have the same amount of pieces, the player with the most double pieces wins.
Pierre Maupertuis stated in 1746 that many processes in nature are either optimal, or they take extreme values.
Dave McCullough of Sounds magazine praised the album.
There was a declaration of independence by Albania on 28 November 1912.
It described a boy who stole eggs from birds' nests, pulled wings off insects, and engaged in other sorts of wanton cruelty, who then grew up to become a traitor to his country.
The king has executive and legislative powers.
He had about 30 movie credits to his name.
Capital city postcodes were the lowest postcodes in their state or territory range, before new ranges for LVRs and PO Boxes were made available.
The bearded collie is also good natured and is good as a family pet and a working dog and a show dog.
，這些人一般都能重新投身社會，獲公眾接納。
……作為一個公營廣播機構，新公司應有自己的一套憲章，明文規定其提供資訊、教育和娛樂節目的責任。
Early Homo erectus skeleton from west Lake Turkana, Kenya.
The Book of Customs: A Complete Handbook for the Jewish Year.
Ruth died on June 14, 2007, at age 87. citation They had five children together: citation Virginia (Gigi) Graham Foreman; Anne Graham Lotz; Ruth Dienert; Franklin Graham, and Ned Graham.
Museum entrance is free of charge.
It greatly reduces the average number of offspring that any couple can raise.
From 1983 to 1989 he played again for FK Austria Wien and won another 3 championships and one cup.
Some circuit boards are made plain so a person can build their own for a new electrical task.
She spoke out often and forcefully (very strong and loud) about illegal underage drinking, and called to the United States Department of Health and Human Services Inspector General to issue a series of eight reports on the subject.
Annesi ve üvey babası temizleme işine girdiler.
Australian English demographics change from state to state but it's only slight compared to the variety of British and American English accents.
This depends on the position of the sun, and is invisible to human eyes.
When moving a RAID array to a new system, plans should be made to move the controller as well.
The spotter helps to closely observe the targets and their surroundings.
He crushed their skulls while they were tied up.
Most researchers however believe that he lived before the Nibelungenlied was written down.
Sometimes, more than one cock helps raise the young.
It also causes half a million hospitalizations and about 12,500 to 25,000 deaths around the world each year.
But just like the cake, not everything is what it seems to be.
，承包商為春原營造公司，監造單位為中泱工程顧問公司，照明設計為肯緒照明設計有限公司主設計師林世秉。
Another version is the pseudofaceted eye, as seen in Scutigera.
Surveyor at work with a leveling instrument.
It is a relatively soft coal that breaks and burns readily and quickly.
早年報考藥科大學失敗之後，在母親的建議之下，
战爭中毁坏的大厅在其中得到重建。
She left school when she was 13 to work.
The original IRA are now named as ná Óglaigh na hÉireann.
The tremors lasted for nearly 2 minutes.
During his dictatorship the office of Reich President and of Reich Chancellor had been united.
Sometimes the dancing can go late into the evening, See, for example, citation with extra songs and prayers added.
It then carries on and ends near the Kincardine and Clackmannanshire bridges, where the motorway carries on as the A876 and A985.
The Namphuk is considered as the principal source of the Buridehing.
The women long for the love of men again.
Because of this topography, the ocean cannot be seen from much of Malden's interior.
Older history of ideas associated with the Enneagram of Personality are not agreed on.
There are several classifications of bivalves in use.
但由于南方是由农业主导，一所理工学校就成为必须了。
The culture of Azerbaijan has come about as a result of many influences.
The mayor is currently Karl Kolb.
These groups are quite distinct from orthodox Trinitarian restorationist groups such as the Disciples of Christ, despite some shared history.
她們因為太年輕了，所以沒有能力自己站起來，非常需要她們的公司幫助。
Peridot is one of the few gemstones that comes in only one color.
在共和国后期，一位凯旋归来的统帅虽會拋棄統帥大權，但仍可保有这个头衔作为荣誉称号。
如來宗官方網站則指，妙禪（劉妙如）在1998年恢復為「大成就明師」，在2004年是「初轉法輪」、正式開始弘法。
From 1842/43 he studied engineering at the Royal Polytechnic Academy in Munich, as well as architecture at the Academy of Fine Arts.
In 1981, Marvin settled in Ostend, Belgium thanks to a former Belgian sports promoter and with his encouragement began rebuilding his life cutting away from drugs and also rebuilding his music career.
The first clear sign of Chinese rock was the 西北风 Xi Bei Feng (literally Northwest Wind).
The current market place in Hildesheim was made at the start of the 13th century when the city had a population of about 5,000.
In 1922 18 year old Balanchine married 15 year old Tamara Geva.
In his book Wikipedia – The Missing Manual, John Broughton states that while many people think of administrators on Wikipedia as judges, that is not the purpose of the role.
Steel was now plentiful and cheap.
Rafida Bonya Ahmed, better known as Bonya Ahmed, (Bengali: রাফিদা আহমেদ বন্যা, b. 1969), http://enblog.
It was developed with very large disks (and disk collections) in mind.
，場內設有溜冰场、电影院和各式零售店舖及餐廳。
当膝关节半月板损伤时，松解二者可使膝关节得到有效的休息、提供一个半月板自行修复损伤的环境。
The market for work does not.
The boundaries of this ancient province are generally mirrored in what is today called Tokachi Subprefecture.
Twenty people were killed.
，一个协调和审批世界博览会事务的政府间合作组织。
Being so close to land makes them often be damaged by poisons and dirt that can come from boats and the land nearby.
It was written in 1761 and 1762.
Internet Explorer uses a componentized architecture built on the Component Object Model (COM) technology.
He wrote a book about this called The Road.
、教学工作 citation 。
Harry Mason Reid (born December 2, 1939) is a former American politician.
He worked along with Einstein to give the famous theory about bosons which are the particles which carry force and energy along with them.
Aufhauser started in his local clubs ASK Köflach and ASK Voitsberg.
Garvey was born in Burlington, Wisconsin.
At the age of fourteen years old, he started at the Don Bosco School.
They usually live in cities like Toronto, Montreal, Ottawa, Calgary, and Vancouver.
，全长56.362公里，总投资12.6亿元，于2009年4月20日正式通车 citation 。
Kalın beden seviyesinden üste düşen katlarının içe bakan kısımları açık ve duvarsızdır.
Below is a full list of names that was being used in 1998.
In 2010 Liseberg was Sweden's most popular point of interest.
Sabbatarians think the first day of the week or Lord's Day is the new Sabbath.
'in harika performanslarının etkisi büyüktü.
同年七月，“西夏国主率臣到六盘山成吉思汗行宫请降”，据说却连成吉思汗的面也没见到，只能在帐外行礼。
Afterwards he said his riding was never the same, because he always be in pain, especially while climbing.
By 2020, a workprint of the movie has been released including narration done by Mara Wilson instead of Alec Baldwin.
It also added another platform.
"Symphonist" was a pejorative term at the time.
在开罗，北方墓园（Northern Cemetery，1472–74）时Qa’itbay是这一时期最著名的建筑，并得到人们的称颂。
The Petén department was formed by the Guatemalan government on 8 May 1866.
The closer the flux lines are to each other, the stronger the magnet is.
Chun cheng's book has not survived to the present day so little is known of what else was in it.
Eventually Ochs takes his sword and starts to fight Octavian, who wounds Ochs slightly.
Possibly, such milk could be called "
，她是想藉此突顯國安局對於情報資訊彙整的鬆散與不在意，質詢過程中有失精準而造成各界誤解，她會虛心檢討改進。
The building lies on the Oranienburger Straße and was constructed from 1859 to 1866.
Katılımcı olarak; şarkıcılar, dansçılar, sihirbazlar ve Amerika'da yer alan diğer yeteneği olan katışımcılarla belli kurallara göre sözleşme yapılmaktadır.
In 1872 he married a girl called Nadezhda.
A white band, which is not clearly visible, is on its flank.
如Ronsdorf整个城区曾经是由各种其他宗教人群组成。
His abilities declined as he got older.
沈延毅（1903年－1992年），字公卓，号述菊，男，
He was then sold to a traveling zoo.
Leeds has an outer ring road and an inner ring road.
），分子的概念可以視為是化學家在陳述世界上原子之間作用力強度的一種敘述方式。
According to Book Prithviraj Raso, Delhi Emperor king Prithviraj Chauhan had visited Angkor and married his daughter.
Beş yıl boyunca Avrupa’da dolaştı.
Pichu has appeared as an unlockable character in Super Smash Bros. Melee where it has a cloned moveset to Pikachu's but takes damage when it uses electric attacks.
The battle started on 9 April 1917.
The only official flag in Northern Ireland is the Union Flag of the United Kingdom.
But they consume memory and network bandwidth, slowing down the computer.
……六朝时之志怪志人底文章，都很简短，而且当作记事实；及到唐时，则为有意识的小说，这在小说史上可算是一大进步”。
Shinzo Abe is the 90th, 96th, 97th, and 98th prime minister of Japan.
比奇飞机公司（现豪客比奇）研发生产，它主要设计于支线飞机，
In the area that would later become Mark Twain National Forest, hundreds of young men at over fifty CCC sites worked at building roads and planting hundreds of acres of pine trees.
Some of these have been done for a long time, but many of them were only discovered in the last eighty years.
The Gentleman's Magazine was started in 1731 and soon became the most important and most copied periodical of its time.
，大股东為靈寶市國有資產經營公司。
This is a special occasion.
The clearance process requires a satisfactory background investigation.
The party is social conservative, Inada, Miho; Dvorak, Phred.
Isı motorları spesifik güçleri tarafından karakterize edilirler.
They live in burrows and use grass, feathers, and wool, to create it.
在鲜花城市的评比中，大桑特被评为4星级鲜花城市 citation 。
There are rules that tell when to put an accent in a word.
这次行动一直持续至9月9日，并未令俄国海军部队作战。
在反对党中，一般有相应的人对应政府中的各个部门官员，这些人叫做“影子”，
In 1970 he joined the Medical Foundation of Buffalo, becoming its Research Director in 1972.
由於上一季西蒙斯因傷而整季報銷，一些專家不斷懷疑西蒙斯的身價、身體素質和得分能力。
According to complete songography, M.Ashraf composed 734 songs in 211 movies for Rushdi but available figures indicate a composition of 132 songs in 100 movies for him.
Konusunda en eski ve sürekli kurumdur.
宓姓（古音同「伏」，今日多念「密」）
Today, it is an endangered species.
Sanders, H. A. "The Number of the Beast in Revelation," Journal of Biblical Literature 37.1/2 (1918), 95–99.
在当时，雅达利完全垄断了北美的家用机及卡带市场，时常处于供不应求的境地。
The penthouse houses meeting space.
If it does not find it, it says -1.
Before AGP, video cards were designed for PCI (sometimes called "regular" PCI).
They were both written in the first-person, first-person stories are written as if the character in the story were speaking himself or herself.
University of Chicago Press, 17. He worked out that the storage capacity was vastly improved only if the flask was held in the hand, and his letter to scientist in France gave the jar the name "Leyden jar".
The only person to witness the accident was keyboardist Don Airey.
列車要轉線時必須使用有樂町站東側的剪式橫渡線。
In considering microsize prey, one should see the issue from the perspective of their main predator, which is birds taking larvae to feed their chicks.
Two minutes later, the aircraft stopped flying along the route it was supposed to.
The males have red crests, while the females have black crests.
Olmec-style sculptures include a possible colossal head, rock carvings and others.
This led to conflict between Athens and the less powerful members of the League.
According to the scholars, it takes an uncritical standpoint, and it dictates what religions should be called "major".
It is located in Epernay.
These crests can be outlined or coloured in fully in white, with kamon that are just an outline being the least formal.
He served as prime minister from 1962 until his death in 1981.
He picked Hoffmann's 1816 fairy tale "The Nutcracker and the Mouse King" as the subject for the new ballet.
Her older brother, Griffin, is a stock car driver.
The Human Performance Laboratories work alongside to provide data on exercise and how it affects the body.
It was in present-day Hyogō Prefecture.
A walk might be held to raise money for a community concern such as local hunger.
During her career she won three national championships and a national cup.
If a contestant answers a question wrong, they get a strike.
The South wanted stronger state governments, but the North wanted a stronger central government.
The interest usually also has to be paid more often.
Though he didn't realize it at the time, playing at Church and with friends jump-started his musical journey.
Another workplace for audiologists is in education, which is another important role that they perform.
The oldest tree ever discovered is approximately 5,000 years old and the oldest tree from the UK is about 1,000.
Jacobs has also defended athletes accused of doping, such as cyclist Tyler Hamilton and sprinter Tim Montgomery.
Shortly before the premiere, an advertisement campaign was placed in issue 21 of the magazine Bühne und Film, with a summary, scene and work photographs, production reports and essays including a treatment on vampirism by Albin Grau.
过去 ，湖面季节变化显著，雨季水位高，最大蓄水量1.
The nature of insight.
In 1799, the Russian Army under command of Field Marshal Suvorov crossed the Pigniu pass.
It located 54 km from Sarchu and 24 km from Pang on the Manali Leh highway.
便於彼處，生愛著心，復願餘眾生，共生此處。
车内为全低地板，车厢地板高出地面35 cm。
Some people liked the game but felt it was too short.
Those without these characteristics are often unmotivated and uncertain about their abilities.
In 2015, Gaga was supposed to be the artist to perform the first concert in space; http://www.entertainmentwise.com/news/132316/Lady-Gaga-Confirms-She-WILL-Become-First-Artist-To-Perform-In-Space however, this never came into fruition.
球員生涯完結後，希基斯留在慕遜加柏並出任領隊達8年。
It's about a farmer who has to make a great farm before the game reaches the end.
，在台灣眾多政治世家中，可謂無出其右。
The 15 member countries are responsible for 30% of the world's population and 30% of global GDP, making it the largest trade bloc.
奥巴马/拜登：332票（26个州+ 华盛顿特区）
He took the washboard away and broke it over Shotton's head.
The sixth and final bullet ricocheted off the armored side of the limousine and hit the president in his left underarm, grazing a rib and lodging in his lung, stopping nearly 1 inch (25mm) from his heart.
So later they record what they saw and heard, so someone else can write it down.
除制度上的歧視外，在文化層面，因婚後女性被認為屬於其夫家的人，不少家庭會把較大部份財產以遺囑方式給男性後代繼承，這樣看似女方也能從夫家中得到財產，但財產的法律權利仍在男方手中。
The site also had a ford where the Tiber could be crossed.
Perhaps Sara wanted great success for her son, FDR, in all matters of life, including marriage.
Retrieved on July 22, 2010.
He also co-authored The Chilling Stars. citation citation About global warming, Calder said: "Governments are trying to achieve unanimity by stifling any scientist who disagrees.
In July 2019, he returned to Frankfurt.
Flying in for the summer, they raise their young and return south for the winter.
Abdalá Bucaram was President from August 10, 1996 to February 6, 1997.
He is the son of Matilda and Fiorindo Baggio, the sixth of eight siblings.
Some species make cup-shaped nests, while others make jug-like nests with little holes in the sides.
雖然在1932年（昭和7年）的第18回衆議院議員総選挙連任、但1934年3月11日在議員任內過身 『官報』第2157号、昭和9年3月13日 。
He never played in the NFL.
The chemical was being used to clean, but instead of being put back through the treatment works, it was accidentally put into the river.
He was the founder of the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters (BIFF) a group which seceded from Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF).
The only way we can tell if dark matter is there, is by how it affects things we can "see" by gravity.
She also shot Mario Amaya.
Instead, some Psynergy can also be used for both situations; for example, the “Cold Snap” ability can be used to attack enemies in battle, or changed water to ice as part of a puzzle.
They liked the low rent and the beautiful architecture.
The team was named by the German Disabled Sports Association 38 days before the Games started.
Shortly after, Donaldson let Jones command his men. citation Jones then asked to talk to a representative of the town.
However, the nomination was withdrawn before Senate action began.
She is abducted by Arab slave traders.
The reason for problem behavior must be known before a behavioral intervention can be done.
About 21% of the Israeli people are Arab Israelis.
" for the presidents of EMI Records' pop division.
The word "Mizoram" means "land of the Mizo people".
这导致了一些事后得知并不安全的资产（如某些债权抵押证券）在当时被贴上了非常安全的AAA标签，而这些也对金融危机的产生起了推波助澜的作用。
He also noticed that Saldivar did not want Selena to know the cost of the items she had bought.
Baron Bomburst at first doesn't like the idea, due to not wanting to get his clothes dirty, but the couple goes down anyway and gets trapped in the Child Catcher's cage-car and the Bomburst couple is defeated.
、松滋安惠王朱貴烆墓、益阳安僖王朱貴烰墓、麻阳悼僖王朱貴燠墓、应山悼恭王朱貴㸎墓、枝江庄惠王朱貴熠墓、
Megan Thee Stallion, "Cocky AF" ve "Freak Nasty" adlı şarkılarında ve 2017 attığı bir tweette Kreol olduğa değinmiştir.
The website has lists of cemeteries and graves from all around the world.
He returned the monies and properties donated to the Order, among them a castle in the Netherlands and convert of land, to their donors.
On the morning of 12 May General Winkelman still had hope.
However, they did not use the name "Mediterranean" (Middle Sea), as this name came later.
TCG Yavuz, Alman hükûmetinin Türkiye'nin gemiyi geri almaları teklifini reddetmesinin ardından 1973-1976 yılları arasında söküldü.
As of 2020, Odessa is a city of around 1.1 million people.
These distances are taken from parallax data determined by the Research Consortium on Nearby Stars (or Recons).
It is named after Jötunheimr.
Bruno Meinecke, ' A Modern Cannae', The Classical Weekly, Vol. 18, No. 20 (Mar. 30, 1925), p. 158 At this time of the war, the Germans knew what the Russians were planning because they could read their messages.
In April 1865, Grant forced Lee to retreat from Richmond.
Kubica returned to racing action at the French Grand Prix and proved his recovery by finishing in fourth position.
教會與社會的關係乃密不可分，整全的教會必定以行動去影響社會。
The specific weight (also known as the unit weight) is the weight per unit volume of a material.
In mathematics, dimensions are more general.
A herd may also refer to one that tends and cares for such groups (e.i. shepherds tend to sheep, and goatherds tend to goats, etc.).
The stable broke up but Storm continued to tag with Regal with the same type of gimmick.
She has also served as a judge for several years on the RIBA Annual Architecture Award Panels.
Fossils include fragmentary skeletons (and no skulls).
Collin believed in the boy's talents.
Çelik kuleler 220 metre yüksekliğinde ve tersine Y şeklinde şekillendirilmiştir.
It is owned and operated by Zee Entertainment Enterprises.
在1963年李德爾博士發現此綜合徵。
The Oxberg Bridge is also located here.
，而與索熱爾長舌蝠屬（白長舌蝠）
He said it looked too much like the English alphabet, and he wanted to start over with something new.
After resigning from Parliament in 1933, he worked in London as Australia's High Commissioner to the United Kingdom.
They can make the employee plumber come in or leave on a set schedule like other employees.
It is sometimes performed in concerts.
The common wombat has no natural predators.
Buell's reason for the decision was that Steven Tyler was too heavily addicted to drugs at that time.
It was a power the US Supreme court assumed (took) for itself with its first landmark decision.
，由兩艦上的部分水兵臨時組成「洋槍隊」，
在邦比第一年舒梅切尔贏取了其職業生涯中首個頂級聯賽冠軍，其後亦贏得四項冠軍，包括三個聯賽冠軍和一個丹麥杯冠軍。
Shortly thereafter, he was traded to the Boston Celtics, with whom he won the 2008 NBA Finals.
Remains of dead people have also been found outside the school ground.
He also won the Vezina Trophy for his third time.
The name Afrikaans is simply the Dutch word for African, and the language is the African form of Dutch.
Since this value is near the approximate diameter of Ananke itself, it is likely the parent body was not heavily disrupted.
A long period of folding tilted the horizontal rock layers.
He was promoted to captain in 1960.
After restrengthening slightly, Nora made landfall as a Category 1 hurricane near Punta Eugenia and again south of San Fernando, both times as a hurricane.
The walls sloped gently inwards to meet in a stone roof.
The book has many non-human magical characters.
He became popular for his 8th single song, “SUN.”
，指林鄭月娥是香港歷史上「一個十分令人失望的內奸式人物（
Nuclear energy production and use has been a controversial topic over the years.
An alto-relief is where the artist takes away a lot of the base material.
's east–north-east slope and made three new volcanic openings called No. 1, No. 2, and No. 3 Hōei vents.
Other towns are Puerto Cisnes and Río Ibáñez.
A program that started making improvements to UK guns in 2007 tried to make the gun lighter and some features better.
There are many different types of guitars, classified on how they are made and the type of music they are used for.
Since 2016 he has been President of the Superior Council of Archives.
During a fight, Carolee runs away from home.
隨後在武俠喜劇電影《武神蘇乞兒》中飾演女一號明心。
The population of the village was 5,864 at the 2010 census.
Chai Nat is a flat plain.
In 2019, the East Midlands franchise was given to a new company, East Midlands Railway, owned by Abellio.
Klara still called Alois "uncle" after the marriage.
緬甸聯邦選舉委員主席田埃稱，之所以取消，一是因爲委員會沒有足夠的時間準備，二是這次選舉的結果不會具有任何政治意義。
時天下多事，軌惟以深刻遇下，死多酷濫，識者非之。
Thatcher, bunun üzerine 15'i hariç tüm ocakları kapattı ve kalanlar da 1994'te özelleştirildi.
His right hand was raised in a sign of blessing and the other was touching the garment at the breast.
Long-term characters, such as David and Barbara Hunter, were axed.
希特勒就曾對他的軍事首長們說道，史達林會要求越來越多，且史達林是一個冷血的勒索者，並且德國的勝利對於蘇聯來說似乎越來越難以忍受，因此我們應該盡速讓她屈服於我們之下。
It was the 6th time the New England Patriots won a Super Bowl.
Child population in the age group below 6 was 13,403 Males and 12,729 Females.
，并于2011年10月14日启动。
高中聯賽結束後，換乘黃色BMC（在寒咲自行車店借的（動畫改作BNC））。
John Allen, who was the president of the Philadelphia Toboggan Company, gave Urbonas the idea.
Also, Dylan is paying attention to art.
However, almost any other cancer can spread to the bone.
A large number of student study at these campuses.
Burkina Faso has never won an Olympic medal.
The tallest are about 12 metres (36 ft) high, and the solidified lava in the cliffs is 28 metres thick in places.
前項所稱國家安全係指國防、外交、兩岸關係及國家重大變故之相關事項。
Cooking it quickly destroys the meal.
David Ramon "Dave" Toschi (July 11, 1931 – January 6, 2018) was an American inspector in the San Francisco Police Department.
出雲的好友，小時候跟出雲唸同一所小學，是當時唯一不害怕出雲力量的人而和她說話，因此出雲非常重視她。
Pendleton was representative from Ohio from March 4, 1879 through March 4, 1885.
This is because she looks just like an ex-girlfriend who he had a bad breakup with.
In practice–unlike other forms of inquiry–once a Commission has started the government cannot stop it.
The father of Ismaïl Omar Guelleh, son of Guelleh Batal, is Omar Guelleh, one of the first native teachers in the 1930s before working, following the path of his father, on behalf of the French-Ethiopian Railway Company.
Blackwell Publishers; Reprint edition, April 1990.
Feyerabend claimed, "the only principle that does not inhibit progress is: anything goes".
Treemonisha was never performed while Joplin was alive, but it has been performed since then.
Şu an kanal Türkiye'den izlenememektedir.
） 《魏書·卷七十二·列傳第六十》
Oppenheimer was the chairman of Anglo American Corporation for a quarter of a century.
Bu nedenle köpek çiftlikleri kurulmuş… Binlerce köpek beslenmiş, üretilmiş ve hatta Köpeğin dışkısını sıcak ve kurumadan yetiştirmek için sistemli bir iş örgütlenmesi kurulmuştur.
设立国家艺术基金会，人文基金会用以扶持公益性文化发展。
Japan won Bronze Medal and he became a top scorer.
柏林电视塔不仅是发射塔，也是地标，旅游景点以及活动举办地。
Over five months later, after 2,570 orbits, Sputnik 2 burned up—along with Laika's remains—during re-entry on April 14, 1958.
In the movie, Charlotte tells Wilbur to go to sleep, and she would see him in the morning, and she sings a song called "Deep In the Dark" to put the barnyard to sleep.
In fact in Hymenoptera, the males almost all produce enough sperm to last the female for a whole lifetime.
Bu ad r: z mutabakatına göre, Oğuz Türklerine ismini veren Oğuz adının karşılığıdır.
After the boy was done with the quiz show, he became a co-host of a variety show under Workpoint.
Originally a low pressure area, the JMA reported that a tropical depression formed from it in the Gulf of Tonkin near Guangdong, China on July 16. However, it quickly dissipated after only six hours.
It was written right to left.
John Williams, Archbishop of York, took charge of the castle for the king.
A model that shows what a neutron star would look like on the inside section.
夜間部及補校同學是在卡其制服上綉黑色的學號，外套（夾克）上綉白色的學號。
The legs are black and the feet yellow.
On 6 September, US District Judge Royce.
，《純愛手札 〜forever with you〜》
刘据被逼得走投无路，想要面见当时正在甘泉宫养病的汉武帝，
'de top koşturan Garo, Sarıyer formasıyla sahalara veda etmiştir.
，为始兴县的一个县级文物保护单位，类型为古遗址，公布时间为1990年7月13日。
In the early morning of October 16, 2017, he was killed at the age of 51 by the Philippine military in the Battle of Marawi along with Omar Maute.
这是首架不是由地空导弹击落的B-52.
This makes the surface of the star colder, and makes the core smaller.
In the last 5 years Themar has invested in sustainable energy production systems.
最后，他加重语气说：我是来拍板的，拍板坚持南满……南满一定要坚持，三、四纵队全部留下，一个人都不走，坚持就是胜利。
The final 2 episodes aired in a 2-hour marathon during the NFC Championship Game on January 22, 2012.
The United States Army Center of Military History is a United States Army program.
An arborist is pruning a branch from a pine tree.
Users can paste the copied data to another place.
She works for the Office Osawa talent agency.
The museum has five horse trams, Leamington & Warwick 1, Chesterfield 8, Oporto 9, Sheffield 15 and Cardiff 21, but only Sheffield 15 is used.
Vim is an improved version of the vi text editor, an editor created by Bill Joy in 1976.
照片来自1900年的main。
Before each scene starts we hear a variation on the 'Screw' theme.
He plays for Hércules CF.
Fernando del Paso Morante (April 1, 1935 – November 14, 2018) was a Mexican novelist, essayist and poet.
Farenin toplamda kaç kola girdiği ve hangi kolları kaç kez ziyaret ettiği not alınarak yüzde hesaplaması yapılır.
John sold his first plow to a farmer named Lewis Crandall.
The basic idea is that a policy can be judged by its outcome.
隨他成為總理後，除了納粹黨之外的政黨一律被鎮壓，包含共產黨也被瓦解。
油豆腐线粉汤，顾名思义，就是油豆腐加线粉的汤，但上海传统的油豆腐线粉汤里，还会加上百叶包。
The Egyptians are at war with the Ethiopians.
In 2019, he became a manager for Chinese Taipei women's national team.
Japan's heavy surface forces would wait for the U.S. ships to come to defend Midway, and destroy them.
He sent Jesse L. Reno with two divisions to attack Jackson.
Seventeen genera live in sub-Saharan Africa.
In the 1980s, the track condition was not very good.
Although modern speakers of Tamil language use a number of words of Sanskrit and English, Tamil language has maintained its original classical character.
它们在整个切削刃的长度上都有粗糙的边缘，内外都有垂直凹槽。
As a result, parents missed 126 million workdays to stay home to care for their children.
In this case, the person receiving the call has to agree to be charged for that call, while those owning toll-free numbers already agree to being charged for incoming calls.
Plants and animals that are rare in other parts of London live here.
在2020年大选后，人民行动党召开干部大会，并举行中委改选。
Otherwise, it is a little-understood conflict.
He is the first Brahmin-Kshatriya in Hinduism, or warrior-sage, who had to follow the Dharma of both, a Brahmin as well as a Kshatriya.
Furthermore, Gamal Nasser's sudden death in 1970, left the Pan-Arab movement without a clear leader.
When the Victory Club closed in 1961, Anaya opened his own restaurant, Nacho's.
Billy Kidman then entered the match, pinning and eliminating Noble.
They may often get paid more than other people.
Damselflies are also usually smaller, weaker fliers than dragonflies.
武禹襄传其甥李亦畲(1832年－1892年)。
，其內部則是mainsfnsfn。
The 1912 gift from the people of Japan has grown to this 3,800 trees.
The Soviets' military problems made them give up lots of the land they were arguing over.
On many animals the "coccyxal vertebrae" are long, making a tail that the animal can move, but on humans, apes and some other creatures, they are very short.
The word 'macroevolution' is used because the changes were really huge.
It was first published in 1845.
He said "I always try, but she doesn't want to." citation Kournikova has said that she is not interested in getting married: "I'm never getting married.
He attempted to escape his attackers through a sewer but could not because the sewer was blocked.
Caballero was released in 1982.
The riot continued over night.
These were mostly concerned with Christological disputes.
Clemente's career was cut short by his death in a plane crash off the coast of his homeland of Puerto Rico.
Her parents were James and Laurie McCullough.
We can also say the mix has a "soil texture".
Albert Pike ve ünlü eseri 'Morals and Dogma'
Timmy wishes he, Trixie, C&W were the last people in the universe, and chaos ensues.
對應的序數記作 ST，稱為序數積。
而距離地球約3萬光年，接近銀河系中心的距離誤差20%。
The team will be named Lotus Renault GP for 2011.
He was 23 when he died.
Xylem vessels are a long straight chain made of tough long dead cells known as vessel elements.
All these structures showed extreme fire damage.
A man named Jon Stevens was his temporary replacement for about 5 years.
The entire built-up area is the metropolitan area.
His father was a tailor and the family lived in the back of the shop—his parents in one corner and Curtis and his brothers Julius and Robert in another.
This embryo is diploid.
最重要的資訊來自於非秘密開放來源情報服務翻譯中國大陸電台，安全局攔截中國大陸電台、電話資訊，以及空軍偵查沿海防務；中央情報局和情報人員未能滲透到中共高層 : 576 。
联络总站负责所有到北京大串连的红卫兵的相关事务。
CIBC's first unsuccessful foray into the US market led it to shed its assets there, dropping it to the number five spot.
，更因此決定要採取「以蕃制蕃」的方法，利用太魯閣蕃來攻擊南澳蕃。
Robert and Francesca never meet again.
其高convert，靠近布里克斯頓山脊頂部 。
In its basic form, it is simple and strong.
The success in the Battle of Little Round Top is considered a turning-point in the Battle of Gettysburg and in the Civil War.
Egg donors are recruited, screened, and give consent before participating in the process.
據此，全省劃為東南路、東北路、西南路、西北路四道，並任命觀察使。
嘉佑二年（1057年）卒，年六十九 《新安志》卷六《叙先达》：“许待制元，字子春，以孝谨称乡里。
民國28年（1939年）9月，進行個別地區區劃調整。
，其功能是可以維持某一特定的特性，實現方式是控制設備中的某特性，使其在一定範圍內。
Mxyzptlk: Koca ve kel kafalı bir karakterdir.
Selenide ores are the source of selenium.
Wheat flour can be sifted to make it finer and smoother.
，以「篠原涼子 with t.komuro」名義發行，「t.komuro」
在寬永17年（1640年）6月27日死去。
In 1995, she was the runner-up for Miss Lebanon before the public found out she had a daughter named Zeinab.
Carracci took Bernini into St. Peter's Basilica.
Prada is still in debt after buying Fendi.
He said an overseas visit by Quentin Bryce ".
En fazla birkaç US$ eder, pek çoğu ise bir dolardan daha az değerdedir.
The talks have been online for people to watch for free since 2006.
It is also the capital of the canton of Charente-Vienne.
Sweden has also performed well in ice hockey.
She graduated from University of Rouen.
As a young man, Lamborghini was drawn more to farming machinery rather than the farming lifestyle itself.
He was the creator of Nonviolent Communication.
The flag is royal blue.
All government documents, military communications, street signs, many shop signs, business contracts and other activities are in English.
Westbrook'un sakatlığında iyi bir performans sergiledi.
He died on April 14, 2008.
In 1925, Foley visited the United States on a Rockefeller Travelling Fellowship for a year, returning in 1926 to a Fellowship at Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge, receiving here his Ph.
先生五涼巨族，耕讀傳家，尊翁鼎臣公曾任民初北京政府國會議員及廿肅省參議員，爲地方耆紳，深受各方敬重。
He married Agnes Kuchenberg on April 13, 1929.
By the Gods, brace for impact!
One year later, he was appointed to the permanent post of Chief Constable.
One reported he lived in "a remote and strange world".
He started his film career as an extra but quickly became a leading actor and in 1972.
Historically, mycology was a branch of botany (plant biology).
It was the fifth of twenty-one missions in California.
Then he was married to Frances Hendrickson from 2002 until his death in 2011.
In most cases, hematomas spontaneously revert.
，富蘭克林鎮區人口有3,065人，
Gruber blows up the top of the building.
Oyuncuların gözleri bağlanır ve yalnızca tadına bakarak bardaklardaki içeceklerin ne olduğunu anlamaları istenir.
The team was created in 1973.
He allowed sub-kings to rule it for him.
The result is got by laying a straightedge across the known values on the scales and reading the unknown value from where it crosses the scale for that variable.
At last entire region of Tamil Nadu came under the control of Britishers after the end of Chinnamalai.
劉備入主益州後，任命張裔為巴郡太守，後又任命為司金中郎將，負責制作農戰的器具。
Because it appears at burial sites across the globe, the spiral most likely represented the "life-death-rebirth" cycle.
胡庆余堂沉淀的丰富独特的文化，既是百年老店经久不衰的法宝，也是中国传统商业文化之精华，其中以是乃仁术（济世、广济于人）、真不二价（提倡货真价实）、戒欺（讲诚信，不能有丝毫掺假）文化最深入人心。
The song is mainly built around a piano.
，因為距離太陽近，在地球上無法做夜間觀測。
Etkili duygusal ruh sağlığı bakımının nasıl sağlanacağı bilgisi dünya çapında zorunlu hale geldi.
The subunguis is the soft, flaky layer, and the grain is parallel to the direction of growth.
They were introduced in the road-going Ford Sierra RS Cosworth in 1986 with 201 horsepower.
Now, there are different types of wingers in the game: they either are mainly goal scorers, or help stop the other team from scoring.
马步军都军头赵延溥遽进曰：“陛下巡幸边陲，本以契丹为患，今敌未殄灭而诛谴将士，若举后图，谁为陛下戮力乎！”
Chinese scholar's rocks influenced the development of suiseki in Japan.
A trigger factor or 'trigger' for short is a factor that may cause an activity or the signs and/or symptoms of a medical condition to begin.
根据数据，78%的观众属于男性，22%的观众则属于女性。
Bu Sebeplerledir Şehzade Çelebi Mehmet Timur nedeni ile dağılan Anadolu birliğini Amasya ve civarındaki Türkmenlerden sağladığı güçle tekrar sağlamıştır.
He later fights with a team called the Avengers to protect the world.
It is at 50° 54 North, 05° 03 East.
She was 22 years old.
Late Registration received positive reviews from music critics.
十三年（1808年）卒於縣署中，除書籍外別無財物，其子因清貧無法舉喪歸鄉，經過仕紳接濟才扶柩返回山東。
Tubman's mother was assigned to "the big house" and had very little time for her family.
Farbauti was found using the Mauna Kea Observatory and is the 40th moon from Saturns surface.
He teams up with Abe to help him collect the last can of Gabbiar, the remaining Gabbit eggs.
; main¶ 曾出現在爆丸1-4的人類角色(
He won the gold in the 400 m freestyle and in the 1500 m freestyle.
It is looking at chapter headings, bullet lists of key points in sidebars and key words in sentences.
Jones Hall which is on the campus.
RuneScape is an online game.
The earliest forms of nationalism had lots of socialist features.
Their other brother, Atenulf, had joined with Naples against them.
但由於不小心按到鍵盤，讓畫面上出現大量「d」的文字。
The accent of most of the Midwest is thought by many to be "standard" American English.
This last was originally reconstructed upside down, walking on its spines.
學界不少文獻認為地球磁場不斷減弱是異常區不斷擴大的原因。
The products of a combustion reaction are water and carbon dioxide gas as long as the reactants are oxygen and hydrocarbons.
Although Seleucia Pieria was at first the Seleucid capital city in northwestern Syria, Antioch soon rose above it to become the Syrian capital.
Princip walked up and shot Ferdinand.
The Nokia 6300 was the basis for the Nokia 6233 and Nokia 3510, successors to Nokia 6300 4G.
They included the 15 Minutes of Female Best Actress Award, the Golden Betty Award and the Los Angeles Drama Critic Award.
Low-level clouds are usually seen from near ground level to as high as convert.
" who fights for the human race.
He also worked for 60 Minutes.
Another picture is taken, and the object is moved slightly again.
'un ansızın İstanbul'a gelmesi işleri iyice karıştırdı.
因此他認為任何所顯示的「額外」顏色均需要經由電視機以影像處理方法創造出來，以致所顯示的顏色被誇張化而失真。
They were a rich target for bandits.
田英章致力于书法的普及与教育。
金兀朮继续挥军南下，高宗无路可逃，只得入海逃避，
The biggest one is Västerbron, going from Kungsholmen to Södermalm.
这种做法遭到了来自聋人社群的强烈反对。
阿蒙森無法拒絕這個請求，他雖然有些猶豫，但最終還是接纳了約翰逊sfn。
Direct Reduction is used more than blast furnaces.
曾為巡撫胡瓚宗以事按削籍坐絞，子策赴隨班奏纘宗以私隙故入罪始得昭雪。
They are joined by the Eyre Highway across the inland edge, and the Flinders Highway and Lincoln Highway along the west and east coasts.
But people who try to cause trouble by getting people upset about politics will be forced to be quiet.
乾隆二十二年秋，授工部侍郎先是率军策应清军唐喀禄部，追击图谋遁入俄国的辉特部首领舍楞，
He played 180 matches for the club in 7 seasons.
In 1910, Lord Rayleigh found out that when a spark was passed through nitrogen, it made a reactive form of nitrogen.
It is part of the San Juan-Caguas-Guaynabo Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Amma Mai and her son are arrested.
The Darkut Pass connects Yasin with Broghol pass and Chitral whilst the Thoi Pass connects Yasin to Yarkhun Chitral and Asumber pass connects Yasin to Ishkomen.
The remains are currently under excavation by paleontologist Peter Larson and a team from the Black Hills Institute.
During this time Valdemar is without pulse, heartbeat, or breath.
It was lower by 22.4 percent from 563 at the 2000 census.
Dialysers are also called artificial kidneys.
Few do anything special about the God of the Poor. citation.
該片為柯蒂亞繼《main》（2001年）
Gould called the sketch a favorite.
According to Medal of Honor recipient Retired Army Maj. Gen. Patrick Brady who flew more than 2,500 combat missions over Vietnam and helped rescue more than 5,000 wounded, "it is harder to wear it than to earn it".
Koly also teaches the rickshaw driver, Raji, how to read.
David M. Stern and Jon Vitti left, but they came back years later to write more episodes.
At first, the Assembly did not plan to abolish the monarchy.
She had three jobs as an adult to raise money to buy her own pony.
His writing was subtle.
该地2001年总人口7235人，其中男性3836人，女性3399人；0—6岁人口1384人，其中男755人，女629人；识字率40.69%，其中男性为49.40%，女性为30.86%。
The history of Imperial College London, 1907-2007: higher education and research in science, technology, and medicine.
The following are links to international rankings of Estonia.
Galapagos sharks do not reproduce until the age of 10 years, with the maximum known lifespan for a Galapagos shark being approximately 24 years.
Ward soon became violently ill and had a seizure and an ambulance had to be called.
Dudley worked as a teacher.
在1936年和1938年之間，
In 1998, he led a group of students in a letter-writing campaign to have seat belts placed in school buses.
A post-season series win streak is continued by making the post-season and winning at least the first round series of the playoffs.
其電阻一般要討論接觸線材質的成分及截面積數值。
There are many clubs for Amateur radio in many countries.
Many cities were built near rivers, because the first settlers wanted somewhere close to water to start a society, so areas around rivers often have a high population density.
Mayor Eddie Perez was first elected in 2001.
People in the Town of Wallkill, meaning those on the Town Board, quickly passed a law that required a permit to hold any gathering for over 5,000 people.
本分类用于归纳欧洲的国际性体育竞赛。
This is the first Asian champions as Japanese club.
，交通便利，便将宝安县城从南头搬到深圳墟。
艾夫特琳始终保持了它的纯和真。
Ruble tasarımlarının çoğu Ivan Dubasov tarafından yapılmıştır.
Kim Jong-il, birth name Yuri Irsenovich Kim (according to the Soviet Union's records) citation citation citation citation (
By the end of 17th century the Romance speaking population of the historical Albania Veneta was already a minority, according to Oscar Randi in his book Dalmazia etnica, incontri e fusioni.
'nin bütün coğrafi bölgelerinde tespit edilmiştir.
He selected 5,000 characters each second as a good speed for regular work.
程學啟（1829—1864年），
In order to collect the chiru, the animals must be killed.
以塔拉斯汗王瑪納斯為主人公，講述其從誕生至犧牲，波瀾壯闊的一生。
It is the impulsive, unconscious part of the mind that is based on desire to seek immediate satisfaction.
He hears a strange noise and thinks the Emperor is snoring.
The other idea is that some people used to think that oarfish swam by moving their fins like the oars of a row boat.
This situation was resolved when the junctions reopened, after much repair work and safety analysis and testing by contractor, on 7 March 2004.
The Mediterranean diet is not only food.
The Politburo ended in 1991 when the Soviet Union broke-up.
There were eight songs on it.
，出生不久母病逝，納入第一側妃系譜）
Some scholarships will cover all the tuition fees (money that the student needs to pay to study), others may just help towards the tuition fees.
Sparkle was released in August 2012.
Eski komşularından biri onun hakkında "Ortalama bir çocuktu, matematikte çok zekiydi, biraz kilolu, çilli, hep gülümsüyordu" dedi.
In a trench of this depth it was impossible to see over the top, so a two or three-foot ledge known as a fire-step, was added.
Wyatt Beetham Creech main (born 13 October 1946) is an American-born New Zealand politician.
During 1990-2001, Křížek taught the theory of music and composition at the Conservatoire in České Budějovice.
After seeing the damage that was caused by Katrina, Six Flags attempted to end their 75-year lease with the city in July 2006.
Since about 1900, historians have quoted the numbers produced by Thomas L. Livermore of 618,222 Confederate and Union deaths during the war. citation Livermore's number was based on incomplete battle reports.
他曾获得1952年夏季奥运会男子花剑团体金牌和1956年夏季奥运会男子花剑团体银牌。
Would definitely have needed two or more petticoats underneath.
The first mRNA vaccines used on people were made to work against cancer in the late 1990s.
The party's main principle is the abolition of the Hindu caste system and the institution of equality among Tamil people.
，作为中央军委委员、总参谋长，被授予上将军衔。
It is 81 meters above sea level.
De Jong (1969b), p. 305 The plan was to force the Dutch back to the east front of the Fortress Holland or beyond.
Ira, the writer, was quiet and serious.
Davison is located within Davison Township.
A few states are may-issue states, while seven states allow the carrying of firearms in a concealed manner without a permit (called Constitutional-carry).
Obliba said not to do it, but Sancho ignored him.
Ryan Somma, Enchanting Existence (Ideonexus, 2012), p. 227 Sometimes it is simply getting revenge.
He was trained in lightsaber combat by Count Dooku and became feared by Jedi throughout the Galaxy.
"Reklamlarımızda Power Balance bilekliklerin sizi güçlendirdiğini, denge ve esnekliğinizi arttırdığını söyledik.
He was married twice and had three children.
Eski rejimin kademeli tutsakları (rahipler, köleler ve Beyaz Ordu subayları) onlara katıldı ve muhafızlar ve sıradan suçlular "siyaseti" düzene sokmak için birlikte çalıştı.
》，使得之前毫不知情的其他成员大声欢呼 citation 。
He stopped playing and recording pop music for almost 30 years, but started performing again in 2006.
The most famous Archbishop was probably the last to rule as a prince.
Despite there being a railway line passing through La Bâtie-Neuve, there are no train stations in the commune.
He was well known for his quotes, including "It ain't over 'til it's over."
德国海外移民博物馆（Deutsches Auswandererhaus）于2005年开馆，位于新港池边。
、氧氯化物、乙酰丙酮物、环戊二烯基金属氯化物等，主要用于α-烯烃的配位聚合；MoCl 5 和WCl 6 则专门用于环烯烃的开环聚合；Co、Ni、Ru、
This example program prints its command line arguments.
It is set across Canada.
They went to live in Puerto Rico in a house called "El Pesebre".
As evidenced by the cartoon series, when a Snork becomes excited their tube makes a "snork" sound.
Ice lens formation resulting in frost heave in cold climates.
，主要從事陸上石油勘探、開發及生產業務。
War of the Breton Succession: The Anglo-Britons defeat the French in the Battle of Mauron.
Masks of dead people are a tradition in many countries.
In the first two examples the word 'well' is an adverb.
The theory basically states that pressure is not caused by molecules pushing each other away, like earlier scientists thought.
William Barclay Foster had serious financial troubles.
Map of the modern Republic of Tuva.
As of 2016, 1,238 people lived there.
The plantation house was later known as Rolleston Hall.
That race has been held every year since 1960.
Beowulf appeared in most of them.
The first three seasons aired between 1991 and 1997.
He had had a new pacemaker installed on September 16, 2006, Associated Press (September 21, 2006).
He worked with the Organization Workshop (OW) and the associated Activity-based Large Group Capacitation Method (LGCM).
曾任萨克逊王国统计局局长和普鲁士王国统计局局长。
At Malamel, there is a huge rock on which there is a famous Shiva Temple.
此时，如果要建立一个对冲的投资组合，delta的大小决定了我们应该买入或卖出标的物的数量。
She wrote "Revelations of Divine Love".
The Canadiens went 5–0–1 in the playoffs, making them one of the few Cup winning teams in history to not lose a game in the playoffs.
They engage in vigorous evangelism.
The years in which Akihito has been the Japanese monarch comprise this period or era.
Which could not therefore be recognised by a military decoration, given that they typically require gallantry in the face of the enemy.
Seeing that Pompey's army was not advancing, Caesar's men, without orders, stopped to rest and regroup before continuing the charge.
The slogan used that year was "Variety Show."
Rex goes on a mission to defeat the Multi-faced EVO in Mexico.
Normal bir MS işini IMS ayırma işlemini tamamlayana değinki sürede bitirir.
On May 24, 2017 it was announced that she had signed with the Chicago Red Stars of the National Women's Soccer League (NWSL), she appeared in only 6 games in 2017 due to injury.
，并在1910年将其推向市场。
She was part of the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships, citation citation and 2012 Women's Olympic Qualification Tournament.
伊凡大公认为此举不便于贸易，特维尔的白银大举外流，只能换回掺了杂质的外国货币。
唐故文安郡文安縣太原王府君墓志銘並序 。
The central government is not able to do a lot of things that central government in more centralized states can.
The Aruba population is about 75% mixed, 15% black, and 10% white.
It had two aisles.
七年后，战争结束后，人们开始第二次尝试将冰球运动带入诺丁汉。1946年11月22日，诺丁汉黑豹队进行了首场竞技比赛，以3比2击败温布利君主队。
He was in the Vermont House of Representatives for six terms (1997–2011), and the Vermont Senate for two (2013–2017).
It was released in May 2009.
By having this happen, it made him the first artist to have an album debut at number one on Billboard 200 while serving time in prison.
Thallium(I) fluoride is a white solid.
The government declared that the Ganges river between Allahabad and Haldia is National-Waterway No.1.
One of the characteristics of the band were his outlandish makeup and costumes.
Süper kötü, insanüstü, mistik veya uzaylı güçlere sahip olmadığı durumlarda karmaşık planlar hazırlamasına veya normal insanların yapamayacağı şekillerde suç işlemesine izin veren dahi bir zekaya veya bir beceriye sahip olabilir.
The award was given posthumously - after Gander's death.
In both instances, recognitions have over the past two decades been extended and withdrawn according to changing international trends.
She was in Charlie's Angels during the 1970s to early 1980s.
Kookaburras usually live in family groups.
After welding, the flux solidifies.
Nijerya ormanlarında çok çeşitli yırtıcı hayvan yetişir.
庵野在新劇場版的製作上選擇將TV版原畫全部重做成數位新作的方式sfn，製作團隊稱之為將舊作採用全新手法「Rebuild」（再構築） citation 加以改編sfn。
At some latitudes, such as about two-thirds of the way from the equator to the south pole, visible features of the atmosphere move much faster, making a full rotation in as little as 14 hours.
's romantic comedy The Tempest is presented for the first time.
The lead singer's name was Ronnie Van Zant.
His highest rank in sumo was komusubi.
He competed at the 1960 and 1964 Olympics and won a silver medal in 1964.
She supported many charities, including Jewish causes in the United States and Israel.
Bu şarkı orada bulunanları, özellikle Giorgio'yu bile Arturo'nun aşıkın lehinde çok etkiler.
As of March 2021, Android 11 is the most used version.
Cuban music is very lively.
Debuted as "Pysis" in March 1975, and released "Don't Come With Your Lover" written and composed by Yumi Arai in April 1976.
在漢兒言語中，「的」字跟隨在動詞短語之後。
武予鲁（1955年12月 － ），
Futons made from down are called quilt down.
She produced and starred in The Closer.
Is it a wolf spider?
Phoebus Addition, Section E, Grave 715. Find A Grave Memorial No. 20946185.
"A 1909 official count of the city found 205,250 inhabitants, of whom 1.2 percent were Lithuanian; 20.7 percent Russian; 37.8 percent Polish;, and 36.8 percent Jewish.
It was first seen on SkyCable, later on Dream Satellite TV & other cable TV Channels nationwide with 300 cable affiliates.
The San Diego Community College District on October 22, 2007 initially closed Miramar College, followed by Mesa College and selected Continuing Education sites in the northern area of the District.
The movie did poorly at the box office until Lana Turner's daughter shot her mother's lover Johnny Stompanato to death.
Э̄, э̄（Э with macron；斜體字: Э̄ э̄； Э̄ э̄ ）
After the adults come out of winter dormancy, the alpine newts immediately take themselves to the spawning pools.
This movement led to four reformist governors being elected from 1905 to 1919.
還有高離心率，不僅使2000 BD 19 非常靠近太陽，也會相對的遠離太陽。
In 2014, then Media Spokesperson at the CEB, Senajith Dassanayake said the generation of hydro power has dropped to 37%; as a result, 60 percent of the electricity needs have to be fulfilled by thermal energy.
'de ilk kez 12 Eylül 2005 tarihinde yayımlanmıştır.
Many people think it is one of the most influential albums in history.
This is just a guide, because larger and more massive galaxy systems are sometimes called galaxy groups.
It has a chemical business named LONZA AG.
Jalagandeeswarar Temple inside the Vellore fort dedicated to Jalagandeeswar, is noted for its sculptures.
A large oil portrait of Wray by Alberta artist Neil Boyle is on display in the Empress Theatre in Fort Macleod, Alberta.
图2首步取代产生碘代物是反应的决速步， 生成的碘代物很快转化为不饱和糖，故很难检测到。
Two of their songs were played on the local radio station and the listeners wanted them to do a concert.
His wife Monica Devereux made a small appearance in Home Alone as the red-headed flight attendant, and in Home Alone 2: Lost in New York as the Plaza telephone operator.
This includes most of those you see in gardens and woods.
这个分析指出，所有来自南美洲的食肉牛龙亚科（包括肌肉龙属）都属于食肉牛龙亚科下的次演化支，这个演化支名为短吻龙类，意为“短的吻部”。
In his first year he passed for 3,782 yards and 16 touchdowns, 14 Interceptions.
So the city lost the seat of district.
But there is no force which exercises this type of healthy regulatory effect on humanity's cultural development; unfortunately for itself, humanity has learned to overcome all those environmental forces which are external to itself".
It can also cause other emotional problems.
，是中国唯一的开放式商业旅游景区。
The Battle of Midway has been called "the turning point of the Pacific".
Part II, Thicke of the Night, and An Evening at the Improv.
He told his commander he had lost all of his cannon and Federal troops were on the South shore.
In gneisses, minerals tend to be foliated: layered and segregated into bands.
People who died in the 510s.
An injury ended his playing career and he began coaching full-time.
However, they conducted other studies and published their research in 1954.
That is why they cover hotels as well as restaurants.
彭笑千（1897年－1980年），字效骞，原名其峰、其汝，男，
The Gingerbread Man is also in the commonly known movie Shrek.
Roeper said that the movie was "enthralling" and "energized" and he praised the cast for delivering "strong, memorable work that transcends mere imitation."
On May 26, 1659, the "Great Fire" destroyed more than half the city.
However, its significance may reach much further.
They might threaten to harm that business in some way unless money is paid.
Montgomery county sent one company.
The Morningside Heights housing project - see David Rockefeller, Memoirs, New York: Random House, 2002.
Its chemical formula is BaO.
拥有的岛屿，或者拥有比较长时间使用权的岛屿。
In 2000, he did his Comedy Central Presents special.
铸币局雇员和政府官员时期（1833至1854年）
所以描述一个特定颜色，只要给出三种变量的具体数值就可以了。
又或者你可以選擇「Bill」身分，一樣分享自己的頻寬，但可從FON那裡收取單日使用費的一半。
韩俄关系在李明博执政时期也得到进一步加强。
The CD has the length of 77:58.
The two cities are only 24 miles (38 km) apart.
The bright sun-lit crescent is at lower right; the gibbous illumination on the left side is planetshine.
In the comic book, the Autobots had to stop an asteroid (a big rock in space) from crashing into Cybertron.
She was educated at Gymnasium Camphusianum Gorinchem.
，車輛可選擇進入離境和入境路線。
The Eastern Orthodox group was of the opinion that the pope's authority over them was only honorary, and the pope had real authority only over the western Christians.
The pulse of the victim grows faster and faster, and the rate at which the heart is beating will go up.
He received 12 votes and lost the seat to Ghazali Saleem Butt.
When it slowed down and came up to the surface, the Inuit could keep hitting it with more harpoons or spears until it died.
飾演 趙達久 （香港配音：黃樂維）
為保障一般計程車（黑的）營運，規定特別計程車不可在澳門半島招呼站候客。
曾祖周守行；祖父周世莊；父周通，母王氏 citation 。
The Civic Guard had one killed by accident 22 September 1922 & another was killed March 1923 by Frank Teeling.
Faro National Park is also in the region.
The standing wave frequency is proportional to the orbital's energy.
Along the way to the pass, Richard and his friends are attacked by underworld creatures.
） - petermaennchenmuseum-schwerin.de 。不同版本中传说他睡觉的地方也不同。
，《正義聯盟》的故事會比《蝙蝠俠對超人：正義曙光》更加地直線和簡單 citation 。
It was originally called the Swiss Family Treehouse.
The lacrimal sac is where tears flow when you cry.
They usually feature collaborations with other users.
John Thomas Walton (d. 8 Ocak 1946 - ö. 27 Temmuz 2005) Wal-Mart'ın yönetim kurulu üyesi.
In 2001 there were 414 people living in Tostock.
It is about the election and a clown's cult.
The original system only had two standard units, the kilogram and the metre.
土庄村、北浦村、四海村、豐島村、大鐸村、淵崎村、大部村。
，于1974年创设至今，国会选区编号为P143。
Older people may avoid drinking more than a few drinks a day.
Duyusal algıya modern yaklaşımlar; örneğin, görme üzerindeki araştırma, duyma, dokunma, algılayanın kararının uyarılandan ne çıkardığını ölçme, genellikle kenara koyulan soru nasıl duyumlar yaşanıyor.
'nın The Best Of Kanun Namına(Miami Vice) albümünde yer almaktadır.
On 25 November 2003 The Singles 1992-2003 was released.
The spinning wheel is attached to other wheels, such as four car wheels, with a belt or a chain.
NOTE: These episodes are listed by their production seasons rather than their broadcast seasons.
Çoğu insan sağak olduğu için günlük kullanılan çoğu gereç sağ ele uygun bir biçimde tasarlanmıştır.
The Volkswagen Passat Mk6 is the sixth generation of the Volkswagen Passat.
Promotion for the single started in early November.
He was currently the oldest living person to have served in the United States Congress.
》，年二十七歲中式萬曆三十八年庚戌科第三甲第一百四十五名進士。
儘管日本通過此條約取得許多權利，但由於日方未索取賠償金，自條約所得之利益也與日本在戰爭中的損失相差甚大，使桂內閣受到國內民眾及政府右翼人士的抨擊，
It has been translated into English.
At Gold level, participants must do another section, as well as the other four, called Residential.
Here lies the Collegiata di Sant'Andrea, the main city's monument.
小孩狀態時，不但外表像小孩，個性也像小孩，受到一些驚嚇就會放聲大哭，也喜愛玩具和卡通。
對於兒童而言，丙型肝炎感染好發於先前假定感染非A、非B型肝炎與不明肝臟疾病的兒童 citation 。
There have been many recorded sightings of the ark over the years, citation however no physical evidence has been proven to show that the ark is currently on Mount Ararat.
However, the player can capture pieces on his HOME box.
Anna eğer Mehmet babasını ve Calbo'yu serbest bırakmazsa intihar edeceğini ilan eder.
Since Polish-American immigrants to the area prized land ownership, this solution, which was prominent in their areas of settlement within the city, came to be associated with them.
While not distributed in the United States, the Skyline's prominence in video games, movies and magazines resulted in many such cars being imported there from 1999 to late 2005.
On 11 August 2009, Whitesnake was playing a show at Red Rocks Amphitheatre in Morrison, Colorado, when Coverdale suffered a vocal injury.
This is a method where plants are grown on a material that holds some water but has many air spaces, such as vermiculite, perlite, fibreglass or coarse sand.
'e ve ondan da Şah Cihan'a kadar olan devreden bahseden bir giriş kısmı vardır.
Male leopards are about 30% larger than female leopards.
Kamchatka also lies along major shipping routes.
There are lots of different versions of the Raspberry Pi, and each has different features.
Max alerts the nurse.
O'Neill was married to Kathleen Jenkins from 1909 until they divorced in 1911.
She loved Tchaikovsky’s music and promised him that she would pay him a lot of money every month so long as he promised her that he would never try to meet her.
He also served as Flight Engineer on the International Space Station for Expedition 63. Behnken contributed to more than 110 hours of time to supporting the orbiting laboratory’s investigations.
However less expensive printers can be used to make a mold, which is then used to make metal parts.
時鍾會反于蜀，荀勖即會之從甥，少長會家，勖為文帝掾，奕啟出之。
To start, a contestant chose one of the celebrities.
It was re-built in 1610 by the family "La Chapelle".
After being released on medical parole in 2002, he started his second company at age 75, an orange plantation with the brand name "Chu Orange".
Hideo Nomo won in 1995, the first of several players to win with past baseball experience in Nippon Professional Baseball.
His body was cremated in a simple Buddhist ceremony in the Mylapore burning-yard.
Other important towns are Aroa, Chivacoa, Cocorote, Marín, Nirgua, Sabana de Parra, Yaritagua, and Urachiche.
牠們的面部及冠都是白色的，後枕則是黑色的。
福加px廠處於大連市區的東北部，冬春季常刮北風，為大連上風口。
There are two types of solder; soft solder and hard solder.
Ellis got several death threats, but the book sold well.
At the Dawn of the Cold War: The Soviet-American Crisis Over Iranian Azerbaijan, 1941–1946, (Rowman & Littlefield; 409 pages; $75).
The New Age wrote that Tchaikovsky's orchestral writing was the work of genius.
Price, and Union district commander Harney, came to an agreement known as the Price–Harney Truce, which calmed tensions in the state for several weeks.
The version which was made the most.
It is 183 km long and its sources are in the Cordillera Central.
在13和14世纪期间，火药配方杀伤力变得更加强大（
On one trip Bradford said they set off in below freezing weather.
Kosteskiy was born in Zhmerinka.
The relative uncertainty in this example is 2.38% and 2.50% for the two samples.
This is the list of individuals who were presidents of the republic.
Time Out gave it two stars out of six.
On the same console, there is a large Chinese porcelain vase of the famille rose type, to connote the richness and refinement of the furniture.
People argued over the rebuilding because they wanted to landmark it.
The deputy leader of the Free Trade Party was Willima McMillan.
Trogons are residents of tropical forests worldwide.
At this time, there were many political problems in France.
Paying money to the temple was also a sort of sacrifice.
Planer and Richardson also wrote the That's Life! parody on Not the Nine O'Clock News.
With gloves smaller than one of other players, Thompson did not have a lot of padding when he was in net.
As a private citizen between 110 and 115, he married Annia Galeria Faustina the Elder.
He saw a wild cat coming to pluck the flowers and he caught it by chance.
Another advantage of median is that it can be calculated sooner when we are studying survival data.
純的茜素黃R會是鐵锈顏色的固體 http://msds.
It began production in September 2009 and was released on September 28, 2010.
Today, the wide tyres are still the standard in sport & racing cars.
如果反應堆以鈾-235為燃料，在乏燃料中，每單位時間錫-126釋放出的能量是鍀-99的5%；如果反應堆以鈾-235（65%）和鈈-239（35%）為燃料，在乏燃料中，每單位時間錫-126釋放出的能量是鍀-99的20%。
The islands are governed by the Governor of Svalbard.
Second Anglo-Afghan War: Battle of Maiwand - Afghan forces led by Mohammad Ayub Khan defeats a British Army.
鬥爭中，有些教授被解聘，許多學生和教授被捕，“大教聯”除了用輿論聲援外，還進行募捐活動，按月津貼被解聘的教授和受迫害的學生。
Kroesen was the Commanding General of the Seventh United States Army and the commander of NATO Central Army Group from 1979 to 1983, and Commanding General, United States Army Forces Command from 1976 to 1978.
Who's Who in China, Third Edition, pp 743-744; M.C. Powell, Editor; Published by The China Weekly Review, Shanghai, June 1, 1925, Tsen Chun-hsuan.
At the end of 1758, Charles' half brother Ferdinand VI was displaying the same symptoms of depression that his their father used to suffer from.
It is thought to be written by Nehemiah.
站前广场面积22990平方米 : 458 。
These recordings are still thought of as among the finest ever made.
Ruanda 15 Ekim 2014 tarihinde yeni bir vize politikası benimsemiştir.
Renzo Gattegna (1939 – 10 November 2020) was an Italian lawyer and politician.
The duo then wrote several hit shows for both Broadway and London.
Its name is derived from 'Replacement Parts Company', referring to one of its major lines of work.
永感下，娶金氏，子尊国，增生；靖国，增生；升国，廪生；瞻国。
屋苑擁有多個不同特色的噴泉式水池及草坪，為居民提供舒適悠閒之綠化居住環境。
根据《国际核与辐射事件分级手册》，本次运行事件界定为0级事件。
The call can take up to 15 seconds.
People who cannot afford meat, or who do not like to eat it need to find other ways to get enough protein in their diet.
His 2015 purchase of two paintings for $500 million represented the largest private art deal ever.
Later his style started to change to become more Classical, but by the time he was very deaf he could not hear new music that was being composed by other people, so his style did not develop any more.
A protester holding a 'Truth not "Covfefe"' sign.
There are different sources of ideas for software products like market research.
Dr.B.R.Ambedkar was the Chairman of one of the most important committees, i.e., the Drafting Committee.
Near the pier there are arcades, casinos and a theme park called Adventure Island.
The work of charting these rivers actually started under the Topographical Bureau over a decade before the establishment of the Corps of Topographical Engineers.
Edinburgh was married and had two children.
'in ilk alt grubudur.
Its behavior was proposed by Michael A. Levin and Xiao-Gang Wen.
The long survival of these small animals shows that their killing method suited small cats as well as large cats.
They should have an "open mind" so that they can make a fair decision (this is also known as not having a bias; most judges in a court of law have sworn to be unbiased when deciding a penalty).
She was recommended by him as a singer.
The goal is to stay alive for as long as possible.
The Zous like other tribal communities in the northeast India have maintained their age-old customary practices.
The earth absorbs only a part of this energy.
Species concepts and speciation: the Linnaean system of taxonomy.
It was released under Streamline, and Kon Live Records.
; the "pop princess"
Both French and (Haitian) Creole are spoken in Haiti, and both are official languages.
San Luis Potosí, günümüzde orta Meksika'nın en önemli sanayi kentlerinden biridir.
。2000年9月，任中共汕头市委常委、南澳县委书记。2003年3月，任中共汕头市委常委 citation 。
It was founded in 1933.
會轉給專家處理」，後來後續的處理沒有公布在內部網站。
In response, Colbert's friend Helen O'Hagan told the New York Daily News that the actress barely knew Dietrich or Garbo and that Colbert was "a man's lady".
'un 4 puan gerisinde ikinci sırada tamamladı.
In a normal working contract, difficult, dangrous or exhausting work will usually get paid better.
These are used to earn money to help the tribes.
It does the same thing as above, but gets the answer faster.
電影中的她被描寫成一位精神已經瘋狂的女乞丐。
Phillip had moved Ross to the island because of his difficulties in working with him at Sydney.
Çeşitli Otobüs firmaların düzenli olarak seferleri vardır.
Priestley visited him in 1774 and told him about his experiment.
A party gets seats when it gets at least 5% of the votes.
The disadvantage is that turning is much more difficult since both wheels must turn at the same rpms.
They were taken down.
太宗以丕长，爱其器度，特优异之。
广乙号这艘清朝第一艘自制的全钢巡洋舰，也因此成为了清朝在甲午战争中损失的第一艘军舰 陈悦，甲午海战，pp.
時至今日，仍有法國的制圖學家在地圖上標示巴黎子午線。
The university's aims of excellence in scholarship, research, and education are supported through its publishing activities.
Fransızca bilmekte olup evli ve iki çocuk babasıdır.
If a sun letter comes after the consonant, the "l" sound in "al" or "il" is dropped and is replaced by whatever sound the letter makes.
What did it mean for a commune member to defend another?
這次遊行的參加人數大幅上升，民陣表示遊行有13萬人參加，警方則表示高峰時有22,800人。
联合国的紧急会议根本没有任何有效的措施。
Sikhye is also called 'Dansul' and 'Gamju.'
Belonging to this temple is the Phra Pathom Chedi, one of the tallest pagodas in the world.
ZenLive (~ 476 MB iso download) is a Zenwalk system built on a Live CD design.
A man with attraction to a boy (
Her best known role was as Tik Siu-ching in The Flying Fox (1964).
After playing it several times, Cameron approved of the song.
From a young age his father showered various religious titles upon his youngest son, even creating him a Primate of Spain.
Maud Prickett, Irene Tedrow, Dub Taylor, Mary Wickes, and other familiar 1950s TV faces showed up often as minor characters.
海積鳥的化石是藏在離岸50公里的地方，
It was the Spanish and British capital of Jamaica from 1534 until 1872.
There are two cathedrals, Liverpool Cathedral which is known as Anglican and Metropolitan Cathedral which is Catholic.
Sebastian is young, gay and the secretary of Prime Minister Michael Stevens.
Old Greenwich has become popular for home buyers and ranks at 7th place among the nation's wealthiest communities in an annual Bloomberg report published March 5, 2018, "America's 100 Richest Places".
Axolotls in the lab have reduced pigmentation and end up being a lighter pink color, while axolotls that live in nature are a darker, brown to black color.
They are almost never seen in open places.
It stops the prisoner from running away.
Kot Addu City, being a historic and prosperous city, attracts tourists and is known as the 'City of rivers'.
The country with the highest number of visitors in the top 100 is the United Kingdom.
》報道公開各項贊助收費的金額，由28萬元至逾160萬元不等。
Quiboloy was a member of the United Pentecostal Church citation until he established the Kingdom of Jesus Christ church.
None of it's all that profound, but Cole sells it all extremely well.
，他於是與柴普、同學費羅與麥可，以及費康奈堤的姪女馬蒂妲組成了「彈珠幫」，
He was best known for his play The Boys in the Band.
He was 6 years old when he started.
至於錫神父會要求學生每天在實習工廠下課後，必須把工地清掃乾淨，且要很仔細地從地上撿起釘子，登記有多少支是直的、彎的，以訓練他們節約的習慣 。1959年至1974年，共有廿一位德、奧、瑞專業技師不支薪地支援，推動成締造臺灣家具業盛況 。
Away on the mountains wild and bare.
In Omdurman, on 2 September 1898, the Sudanese leader, now known as the Khalifa, committed his 52,000-man army to a frontal assault against the Anglo-Egyptian force, which was massed on the plain outside the town.
That day he took photographs of her.
The Mont Blanc is seen from the upper valley of Aosta and the other small valleys that are part of this Comunità.
Each subject has its own group of numbers.
The municipality covers an area of 98.24 km².
Freetown Christiania, commonly just called Christiania, is a Danish special community.
The para-Nordic skiing spots were earned by Krisztina Lőrincz.
Clovis was the first king of the Franks.
Dead link on 12/15/2015 He was born in Nelson, Lancashire.
Yani, yokuş aşağı da olsa sürücü pedal çevirmek zorundadır.
She also went to school there.
最终，僵持不下的双方于1885年6月议和。
The following month, he announced his retirement because he could not fully recover from the injuries.
Retrieved on 10 January 2012.
Bağırsak çürümesine yol açan birçok sebep mevcuttur.
The Quarterly Review of Biology 53:393–418.
At first Vampires Dawn has been made for the computer like all RPG Maker games.
The Webby Awards will continue even after Shlain’s death.
It roughly means that the operation can be carried out again and again without changing the result.
It seems a simple dish to make.
Joule genişlemesinin diğer adı ise serbest genişlemedir.
The rules said that nobody can stand at football games, so the club had to install new seats.
The females then walk around looking at the different burrows.
In 1987, the FIA decided to limit the maximum boost of the turbos.
Although Dukas wrote a lot of music, he destroyed many of his pieces because he was unhappy with them.
Its inhabitants are called Angelinos (women, Angelinas).
There are also many great parks.
So, the New Order regime called him a communist and enemy of the state.
Yumuşak taze kardan yaptıkları evlere saggutyaq adını verirler.
File:Ontario general election, 2007 results by riding - Liberal Party strength.
The championships were sponsored by cigarette manufacturer Embassy.
Map of Sahara, showing features in Libya.
It is a very strong acid.
Sarcosuchus was one of the largest giant crocodile-like reptiles that ever lived.
The children's park has playground equipment and lots of space for children to play. citation Opposite it is the walking park, which has a paved walking path surrounded by lots of trees, grass and other plants.
Basaltic tuffs are occur widely.
其代表了電磁場這個物理客體所帶有的能量、動量及應力，對於重力場（時空曲率）會有怎樣的重力場源貢獻。
Bullock plays a Special Agent and the latter plays a detective.
She had the powers to move objects with her mind (
It says that life is full of suffering.
Some say it is much over-used.
Her oldest sister, Dorothy, was seventeen years old when Clara was born; her oldest brother, Stephen, was fifteen; her younger brother, David, was thirteen; and her younger sister, Sally, was ten.
Teorideki uzay aracı yapay yerçekimi kullanılarak dizayn edilecek.
In the mid-1950s Kit began his scientific activities in the field of astronautics.
The arrondissement of Poitiers, with 246,038 inhabitants, is by far the largest.
They are bright green.
The film was released in Canada as Going the Distance, but in the USA, it was called National Lampoon's Going the Distance.
The team started in 1992 as part of the Major Indoor Lacrosse League.
，指出来华的昭武九姓并非一支独立的民族。
An elastic behavior, such as a spring, would imply tempered steel content in the mentioned swords.
He is the 81st Lieutenant Governor of Vermont, since 2017.
牠們的身體呈褐色，希黑色或白色的斑點。
，这种机车是为满足苏联铁路重载运输需要而设计的，采用1-1Д49型大功率柴油机、交—直流电传动装置及下纵向牵引梁式四轴转向架。
When he decides to capture the sense, he will choose other words in the target language.
If the animal lives for ten days and does not develop rabies, then the animal probably is not infected.
Hattians were an ancient people who inhabited the land of Hatti.
Fanta Orange is the most popular Fanta flavor.
Program design by Leon Bakst for Nijinsky's L'Apre-Midi d'une Faune, Paris 1912, Diaghilev's Ballets Russes.
The leaves are green and large, and may bear spores on the underside.
In June 2019, he returned to Gamba.
He talked about it during some of the challenges.
At last, Catherine and Henry are married.
Finally, the character 气 (
In 2000, Bedoya was kidnapped.
He was the founder, majority shareholder and Chairman of the Board of Directors of ALLTECH Group.
In 1852 this bridge was washed away when the river flooded.
The pieces of meat used for steaks are usually cut across the muscle fiber, not along it.
Some churches are called cathedral, but they are not the seat of a bishop.
In 1945, when Austria was independent from Germany.
He was in his country's squad at the 2007 Rugby World Cup finals, playing a single game.
近幾年居民每月收入中位數趨升，4000元或以下收入比例較過去幾年低。
This meant that they had to qualify for the final stage.
」佩帝和卡喬波並指出說負面情感會讓人更傾向使用中央處理程序，而正面情感會讓人更傾向使用邊緣處理程序，也就是說，「在快樂時，不論論證的強弱，一個論證都能有效地說服人；但在悲傷時，人只會被較強的論證說服，而會拒絕較弱的論證。
He was said to rule the whole of France but in reality only ruled small parts of the north.
A Field Guide to Western Reptiles and Amphibians, Third Edition.
Association football is Nigeria's national sport.
If the other prisoner stays silent and does not betray, then betraying means you do not go to jail at all instead of going to jail for 6 months.
Facilities in and around Anzère's 'Place du Village' include both indoor and outdoor swimming pools, two supermarkets, many hotels, bars and nightclubs, as well as many restaurants and clothing shops.
Tadjibayaeva was hurt and went to the hospital.
后来人造丝的出现导致蚕丝价格下跌，1934年顺德只剩下24家丝厂。
Bus stops at busy locations may have shelters, seating, and possibly electronic passenger information systems; less busy stops may use a simple pole to mark the location.
Chris Melling likes to play full-back.
，控制云南全境 citation 。
Tesadüfen Kraliyet Enstitüsünün asistanlarından biri olan John Payne görevden alındı ​​ve Sir Humphry Davy'den bir yedek bulması istendi; bu nedenle 1 Mart 1813'te Kraliyet Enstitüsüne Kimya Asistanı olarak Faraday'ı atadı.
She then learns the driver and partner in crime is her co-worker Liz.
So there are six sets of chromosomes in most cells, and three sets of chromosomes in the gametes.
當中大圍鐵路車廠佔地6.12公頃，擬建11座樓高42至47層高住宅，基座設一層停車場，提供3,890個單位；至於大圍車站地盤則佔4.85公頃，可建9幢39至46層（基座設一層停車場及兩層商場），提供約3,040個住宅單位。
除了积极投身于电影原身的创作，碎南瓜也开始准备下一张专辑。
H tank's mobility after receiving battle damage during fighting around Monte Cassino.
The album had mixed to negative reviews from music critics.
Seeing a third machine gun, which blocked his platoon's advance, he moved forward through heavy small arms fire and was stunned momentarily by rifle fire, which glanced off his helmet.
In April 2019, a national poll had Sanders leading Biden 29% to 24% among Democratic voters for the primaries.
Usually, if both parents are United States citizens, and their child is born in another country, the child automatically becomes a United States citizen.
，停班停課事宜，由該局宣告，不過一般而言，全國性停班停課的此種通報，
Hingis has retired twice from the game.
In the wild, they live to be about nine years old.
Britain in the Second World War.
Yavaş yavaş bilgi birikimi kazandılar ve Tamiya için kalıplar yapmaya geldiler.
'nun canlandırdığı Tru'nun âşık olduğu Luc karakterine 2003-2004 yılları arasında Tru Calling adlı dizide hayat vermiştir.
The governing body of the traditional Meitei calendar is the "Kangleipak Calendar Board", which annually organizes meetings at which the annual calendar is published officially.
He was born in Ornskoldsvik, Sweden.
This was also used to look at patients without touching them.
He completed his basic education in Edirne.
與大部分在這場比賽中上陣的球員不同的是，路易斯保持著其國腳地位，截至2007年10月已代表美國上陣了73場。
In 1924, the village of Oberlutter and the monastery church of Königslutter were incorporated as a city.
The LP500 S had a larger (convert) V12 engine than the Countach LP400 and LP400 S. Lamborghini built 321 Countach LP500 S cars.
India responded by launching a military and diplomatic offensive to drive out the Pakistani forces.
With good treatment, less than 1% die.
This is why is it called the beer of Maryland.
In the 1950s and 1960s, it dominated the car industry, but it fell into decline by the 1980s and 90s.
Chicago’daki Illinois’te bulunan Boca Burger’in 1999’da gelirleri yaklaşık 40 milyon dolardı.
It was not successful enough to remain in production after 1914, when the first World war interrupted French automobile manufacturing.
这些壁画与圣经里的故事仅稍微有关联，
Fire departments are usually government agencies that are funded by taxes and look after a local area.
Christians believe that Jesus is the son of God.
Gazetenin Genel Yayın Yönetmeni Kemal Özer'dir.
Hereford has a train station.
The templates here are mostly article message boxes and are used in articles themselves instead of on talk pages.
People at the World Science Fiction Conventions voted to choose the winners.
She had been there when she was 19 years old.
Bir kuruluşta psikoterapi yapmaya da devam etmektedir.
By about 1910, the leading role of the Kayeli clan had almost disappeared.
In late July 2012, a new Christian internet radio station called RefNet (Reformation Network) citation was also announced by Ligonier Ministries in an effort to reach "as many people as possible" where Internet access is available.
Part of the Lakeside student residences.
The point is that the people who put up the individual articles get paid once the number of viewers is over a certain qualifying number.
The producer controls the recording sessions, coaches and guides the musicians and supervises the recording, mixing and mastering processes to make the music finalized.
The island's weather is normally cool.
DemirDöküm Ar-Ge çalışmaları kapsamında yapılan projelerde, DemirDöküm Ar-Ge mühendisleri tarafından tasarlanan yazılım ve donanım kullanılmaktadır.
Even though charges cannot flow freely in a dielectric, the charges in molecules can move a little under the influence of an electric field.
It operated local bus services centered around the towns of Buxton, Glossop and New Mills.
Between 1995 and 1998, he recorded for Giant Records: Daryle Singletary in 1995, All Because of You in 1996 and Ain't It the Truth in 1998.
He played 6 games for Japan until 1987.
，阿图瓦伯国和梅赫伦领地，那慕尔伯国，
Pine, Plum and Cranes, 1759 AD, by Shen Quan (1682—1760): hanging scroll, ink and colour on silk.
Atina kazasına bağlı en az erkek nüfusa sahip köy Tolikcet köyüdür.
Bu 'modern dönem' olağanüstü 1993'ü ilk olarak Sevginin Bağladıkları ve daha sonra Philadelphia ile karşıladı.
He later starred in many television roles including the long running CBS television series, I Remember Mama and Young Dr. Malone.
However many viewers found this show confusing and hard to follow.
For example, they would say "a is in G" to mean "a is an element of G".
依其总资产计算，国民银行是以色列第一大银行，
On the other hand, saffron is mentioned in ancient Chinese medical texts, including the forty-volume Shennong Bencaojing (神農本草經—"Shennong's Great Herbal", also known as Pen Ts'ao or Pun Tsao) pharmacopoeia, a tome dating from 200–300 BC.
The contract with Colombia Records ended.
，屬深海底棲魚類，棲息深度在783至801公尺，
Often he took a tune and arranged it so that one voice sang it incredibly slowly while another voice sang something much faster on top.
The largest city in the area is Faaa, which is located on Tahiti.
The Colombians call it the cargamanto.
No matter what religion one follows, the Meiteis are not allowed to marry between the persons of the same salai (clan).
One other way is to fall asleep while keeping the mind awake.
"A Nation Challenged: The Site."
Paul Morphy: the pride and sorrow of chess.
The obligation attaches on the first day of a cadet's second class (junior) year, and non-graduates after that point are expected to fulfill their obligations in enlisted service.
In 1883 the blockade was so severe it took almost two months before the flow of logs was re-established.
The HouseGuest who received the most public vote was evicted.
First, he attended Sheen Mount primary school.
这个时候，船上的众人隐约感觉到那艘幽灵般臭名昭著的海盗船“黑珍珠号”正在驶离出事船只的残骸。
He was also the chairman of Nazaria-i-Pakistan Trust.
The runners can be up to 40 metres (130 feet).
It forms an international border between the two countries.
It is in the northwest corner of Wales.
He held hands with a 12-year-old boy.
The ultimate source for current estimates of the number of ASL users in the United States is a report for the National Census of the Deaf Population (NCDP) by Schein and Delk (1974).
They are bright yellow and black.
Rowley is nicer than Greg.
刘宝成（1917年2月1日－？
At the Hofoper Mahler conducted many of the great operas, but not many new ones.
Soaps and detergents help to spread the oils and dirt particles through the water, so they can be washed away.
Because of this large numbers of atheists may be hidden in some places.
Kasparov is among the 34 first signatories and a key organiser of the online anti-Putin campaign Putin must go started in March 2010.
Tancred'e Antakya'nın yasa dışı sahibi olarak atıfta bulunan antlaşma, Aleksios'tan Boemondo'nun dışlanmasını veya bir şekilde kontrol etmesi beklentisini taşıyordu.
Most amateur films in use today are negative films.
He was executed in Tennessee at the Riverbend Maximum Security Prison on December 5, 2019.
但因即使拼上生命也要守護英二這點，使得英二成為了自身最大且唯一的弱點。
A middlegame position has a structure, caused by the opening.
"Ruled by Frankenmusic," The Globe and Mail, October 14, 2006, p. R1.
Şubat 1986'da White'ın okula dönmesine izin verilen bir gün için, okulda bulunan 360 öğrencinin 151'i okula girmemişti.
Male peasants were not the only ones who worked in the fields.
A 35-year-old man was charged with extortion, internet luring, criminal harassment and child pornography in connection with Todd's suicide in 2014.
木野山車站以北實施普通列車車門半自動開閉。
This is the list of all mobile phones released between 2010 and 2019.
Each State has its own constitution, so that Australia has seven sovereign Parliaments, none of which can take over the powers of any other.
Holography records both the intensity of light, like photography, but also records the difference in the phase of light.
The ISO 3166/MA therefore reserves them, so that they are not used for new official ISO 3166 codes, thereby creating conflicts between the standard and those applications.
Masayoshi Ohira had a fatal heart attack only 10 days before the summit.
It was the book Show Boat by American writer Edna Ferber.
They do not last as long.
The Armistice Day Blizzard in 1940 surprised many people with how fast the temperature dropped.
It was from his initials DT.
"I was raised in Teaneck, New Jersey and moved to the Philadelphia area when I began to work at the Academy of Natural Sciences (ANSP)."
'ya giden Evren, Paris VIII Üniversitesi'nde Siyaset Sosyolojisi eğitimi gördü.
She gave birth to another daughter, Marnie Rose, in January 2013.
States that do not follow the Dillon Rule believe that local government has inherent (unstated) powers of self-government.
The killer was never identified, and the murders remain unsolved.
Şarkının teması hâlen gençken ısrarlı bir öğrenme isteği duyan bir kızı işler.
這樣的定義與其他地方的行政區類型（
居住在城镇的人口为2107820人，占总人口的36%；居住在乡村的人口为3747235人，占总人口的64%。
İngilizler, adanın ismini “James Adası” olarak değiştirdi ve York Dükü James adına kaleyi “James Kalesi” olarak değiştirdi.
If consensus is required for the change and you would like the request to be actioned on sooner, please indicate a clear consensus rather than requiring the admin to read pages of discussion.
They were joined up again in 1994, but called "Altenburger Land".
This is called Observational learning.
Haziran 2003'te San Diego'daki ACM Banquet'de ACM - AAAI Allen Newell Ödülü ve Ağustos 2003'te Acapulco'da Uluslararası Yapay Zeka Konferansı'nda (IJCAI) verildi.
In 1912, when she was only 16 years old she started work at the NAACP's journal, "The Crisis".
Bahia Honda beach in south Florida.
The holder of this office is given the courtesy title of the Honorable for life.
Vísindavefurinn, retrieved on 26 February 2012.
傑特莫爾屬於第227聯合學區 citation ，境內擁有2所學校，分別為：
Then he was married to Grace Morley from 1992 until they divorced in 2000.
In April 1874, an arrest warrant was issued for Starr.
，有識之士認為阮孚有先見之明。
The Hong Kong population called this event as the “Three years and eight months”.
After shooting several shorts for MGM, the group disbanded in 1934.
Later people started to call the entire continent Asia, so the peninsula Asia was called Asia Minor (little Asia).
It was first shown in Japan in late 1997, and in the United States in late 1998.
The highest median income per member of household was among those between the ages of 54 and 64 with $30,544.
A song called The Charleston, composed in 1923 made it popular.
For a while, his two children were lost at sea.
A renewable resource is a resource which can be used repeatedly and replaced naturally.
NPR is very popular.
將以相同價格向新加坡石油街外小股東提出全面收購，估計總收購作價高達170.
The word “duo” usually means a piece in which the two parts are of equal importance.
The larva pupates inside the cocoon, then emerges to mate and begin the cycle over again.
Çipin taban planını karşılaştırmak için gerçek çipin görüntüsü ile karşılaştırılmalıdır.
Montgomery saw his error and later wrote: "I think now that I should never have held that press conference."
He asked too that his men be protected and cared for.
After getting his start in the buying and merchandising departments, he became general manager and vice president of the company’s direct mail division.
教堂的内部甚小，被剥夺了所有家具，改建甚多。
Bu alıntı kitaplarda ve dizide de okuyucunun ve izleyicinin karşısına çıkar.
》藝員為台柱，蔡和平亦以他製作《歡樂今宵》之經驗帶到該台。
Their upper lips are gray, off-white, or mottled in color.
It is sometimes called "the Cradle of Liberty".
No public buses travel southwards to the main resort areas in Frigate Bay and the South East Peninsula.
Maximian attempted to return to power.
Yeni genel başkanları Isaias Samakuva önderliğinde normal bir muhalefet partisi görüntüsüne bürünen UNITA, 2008 yılında gerçekleştirilen ve MPLA'nın oyların %80'ini elde ettiği seçimlerde bir varlık gösterememiştir.
Murder tells Beaumont to give Madeleine a certain potion.
Evolution and diversification of the Toxicofera reptile venom system.
Ford was elected to the World Golf Hall of Fame in 2010 and was inducted in May 2011.
印度尼西亞最早的文學屬民間口頭文學，包括民間傳說、神話故事、動物故事、民歌及民謠等 梁敏和、孔遠志 2002，第158-160页 ，
In Chinese, the flag is commonly described as Blue Sky, White Sun, and a Wholly Red Earth(青天白日滿地紅) to reflect its property.
Clownfish waste excreted provides vital nutrients, and they can boost their hosts’ oxygen supplies at night too.
This limited his total game time.
She was the first female Aboriginal student who had ever gone there.
Puzzle globes usually have a substrate made of one piece that helps the puzzle pieces as they are put in place.
He was the son of Lt.-Col.
軍人不顧忌要做社會民眾的領袖，但是切不要有意去做社會民眾的領袖。
Simulation of coin tosses: Each frame, a coin is flipped which is red on one side and blue on the other.
In this commune is the place where three countries meetː Luxembourg, Germany and Belgium.
Loitering means to stand around without doing anything.
不過，其實昃臣的管治原則也是算審慎的，他任內新設分行的增長率不算高，而管理開支也相較於其他銀行為低。
Three matches happened on the pre-show.
He watches what Homer does for a few days.
She earned it from the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale.
Errors in numerical linear algebra are considered in another area called "
The lakes cover 0.002–0.02% of Titan's surface.
，這是聯盟史上首次的第一對上第八。
It had graduate schools-for those with a college degree- in medicine, business, law, dentistry, veterinary medicine, nursing, education, communication, design, and social policy.
The box enables Mario or Luigi to store items that they acquire.
Paintings that are done outdoors are called "plein air" paintings.
James J. McCarthy (January 25, 1944 – December 11, 2019) was an American oceanographer and environmentalist.
These people in Hong Kong are protesting because they want universal suffrage.
Cold weather causes water inside tiny cracks in rocks to freeze.
It is also the largest district in the country.
The Fallacies of States' Rights(Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 2013), p. 1 In one form or another it still goes on today.
Angela Johnson was also sentenced to death, the first woman sentenced to death by a United States federal jury since the 1950s, but the sentence was overturned in 2012 citation and she was re-sentenced to life without parole in 2014.
Motor Racing Developments Ltd., commonly known as Brabham (
In 1997 it was sold to Sunrise Television, which later became part of Cox in 2000.
While the mixture is still wet, workers toss additional marble chips of various colors into each panel and roll a lightweight roller over the entire surface.
Ine reorganized Wessex and established a system of shires.
莢果通常不開裂呈核果狀或翅果狀，很少開裂（如螺莢木屬、芥花豆屬、百合檀屬、瓣柱豆屬），或核果狀莢果沿硬化的內果皮分節斷裂成單一種子的節段（如王桃豆屬）。
In this work Hutton proposed that the causes acting on the world today also acted in the past.
Collins, D 1798, An Account of the English Colony in New South Wales, vol.
CF6-80E engines, two Pratt & Whitney PW4000 engines or two Rolls-Royce Trent 700 engines.
It has been thought their mobility on the ground was too poor for them to survive without flight.
Glassdoor was founded in 2007 by Tim Besse and Robert Hohman.
酸梅星王子：來自宇宙的盡頭～乓啪囉乓！
His album, also titled Gotta Get Thru This went to number 2 on the UK albums chart.
Harry Kupfer (12 August 1935 — 30 December 2019) was a German opera director and academic.
After five years since "8", on 1 February 2019 his 10th studio album "Vida" was released.
，並非由北京政府、以及香港政府決定。
She was married to Don Barry from 1940 until they divorced in 1944.
One sank in a storm soon after leaving the harbor.
Gamburtsev 'ghost mountains mystery solved'.
代表智慧的飛龍（Wyvern）、代表力量的獅子（Leo）、代表精神的山羊（Goat），三個頭部分別負責不同領域類型的攻擊。
The first four questions are worth $50, the next four are worth $100, and questions after that are worth $200.
In 1972, LaVey published The Satanic Rituals.
Genetic information cannot pass from soma to germ plasm and on to the next generation.
In the year 2029, Logan retired from being an X-Man and decided to be a cab driver.
Giresun il merkezine 88 km, Doğankent ilçesine 5 km uzaklıktadır.
Females are larger than males, reaching a length of around 7.8 feet (2.4 metres) as adults, and weighing around 285 pounds (130 kg).
Takip eden demokrasi döneminde hayatta kalmış olan önde gelen darbecilerin çoğu mahkeme önüne çıkmış ve hapis cezaları almıştır.
This process is only for Wakasa lacquerware.
，華盛頓鎮區的面積為35.30平方千米，當中陸地面積為35.10平方千米，而水域面積為0.20平方千米。
The Chemical Weapons Convention lists three different groups of chemicals.
One of their most important jobs was to play at certain times of day so that people knew what the time was.
Padraic wrote more books for children.
The splitting edge can also be called the cutting edge, the fipple edge, the labium, or the sound edge.
Freed from jail, Cassady began to travel again.
You can not compare its performance based on only clock speed.
Arab Women Lead the Charge.
Several people are killed because of the cold weather.
在決賽，以壓倒勝的分數，由預賽的第2名進升致決賽的第1名，得到「晶瑩純白婚紗」的Prism Stone。
Bu sporlar arşında rugbi, şu polosu, bisiklet yarışları ve tenis sayılabilir.
It was given to artillery crews so they could defend themselves.
Shelley started writing the story when she was nineteen.
's ASP language can use MySQL.
下列各真後生動物均為格式起見而另起段落(
Roy has won the trophy five times, the most of any goaltender.
，擊潰了蒙古軍一些散兵，然後渡河，
In Hindu cosmology, the Ocean of Milk (
After the Jedi Civil War, Revan was given back his rank as Jedi Knight at age 26.
There are many celebrities with the name itself and its variants.
It was taken by Indra.
Chemicals already shown to have adverse effects in vitro are not currently used in a Draize test, thereby reducing the number and severity of tests that are carried out.
There are three different kinds of comic books: single issues that are usually 32 pages long are called comic books.
Gertrude's father was Hugh Bell (later Sir Hugh Bell, 2nd Baronet).
The story begins with Black Beauty being a comfortable and free young horse living with his mother.
最早原是美國原住民「丘馬希族」的居住地，原名為Humaliwo，意思是海岸聲音很大（The surf sounds loudly）。
Studies found that sailfish hunting schools of sardines rely heavily upon stealth and quick slashing or tapping with the rostrum in order to temporarily immobilize prey and make capturing small prey easier.
The Wesley brothers and a few other scholars in his "Holy Club" were called "Methodists" because they followed this strict method of life.
Jesus used the Parable of the Unforgiving Servant (Matthew 18:21-35) to say that we should forgive without limits.
The breakup is then "mutual".
The Israelites bitten by fiery serpents (
The decision was taken by the US Congress.
Other forms of sex, like anal and oral sex, can also cause stimulation, and therefore orgasm and ejaculation.
It was one of the second wave of groups to come from The Elephant 6 Recording Company.
Becker has played for Brazil since 2015.
It was published in paperback form in 1983 as The Hacker's Dictionary (edited by Guy Steele), revised in 1991 as The New Hacker's Dictionary (ed.
Constable was influenced by the French painter Claude Lorrain.
此外，明命帝又定日字部二十字，要求后世的君主按此顺序为自己取名：暶時昇昊明、昪昭晄晙晪、智暄暕晅㬏、晊晢曣曦㫟。
M.S. Thesis, U. of Massachusetts, Amherst, MA sfncheck These studies show the bullfrog's diet is unique among North American Rana.
It can seat up to 4000 people.
Bir rivayete göre eski zamanlarda bölge sulak ve kamışlık bir alan olduğu için bu isim verilmiştir.
Danny's school is called Casper High.
En meşhur radyo gökadalarından biri olan Kuğu A, gökyüzündeki en güçlü radyo kaynaklarından da birisidir.
Sickles frequently visited the Lincolns in Washington during this time.
The BANZSL languages use a two-handed system.
》，《魔獸爭霸II》戰網版本，《
He was born in Førde, Sogn og Fjordane.
This included winning the Premier League Player of the Month and Goal of the Month. He became the first player to win both awards at the same time in the Premier League.
Johnny Alpha is a mutant bounty hunter who was given a special gift when he was disfigured.
This scheme for the disposal of sullage and sewage is an underground system.
This was always happening in old cities.
It was begun in 1979.
Soon, he regenerates into his (~)17th incarnation.
In 1968 the 7-ton stone was damaged by a bomb during a time of anti-Vietnam war demonstrations; citation it was later repaired by the sculptor.
This usually needs temperatures of -18 °C or colder if the water temperature is no warmer than 5 °C.
The supplier will offer more goods, if the market price is rising.
On the early morning of 5 December 2006, a foreign worker in his early twenties, was hit by a train that was travelling towards Marina Bay.
He later said he had only ever wanted to sing "Don't Look Back in Anger", and had used "Wonderwall" as a bargaining tool.
Volume Seven, September 1890 - December 1892.
Shortly before his death he became a member of the Ecuadoran Academy of Literature.
When the new Bundestag met on October 18, however, he failed three times to be elected.
He came close to being shot by the rebel volunteers.
So many Europeans are working on laws to help manage the arrivals along their nations' borders.
當時球隊在積分榜上以3分墊底，貝蒂無法阻止這個勢頭，球隊在頂級聯賽經歷了23個球季後降至乙級聯賽。
Orthodox America: 1794-1976: Development of the Orthodox Church in America.
The means of solving a problem is called a "solution".
All of these have a part of the song similar to "Arirang, arirang, arariyo (lang)". citation People think that the song is almost 600 years old.
It’s one of the main causes of drug addiction.
The nearest Met Office weather station is St. Mawgan/Newquay Airport, about 3.5 miles to the north east of the town centre.
Both of these wars ended in strong victories for the Dutch.
Spain governed the territories West of the line and Portugal governed the territories east of the line.
A traditional thanksgiving dinner today.
內在自我在物質現實裡投射出「整體」（en masse''），而物質現實則充滿了個體所需的能量。
The rule to use KERS was introduced by the FIA in 2009.
Confusion in Canada often arises as liquids are occasionally sold in U.S. pints, near the border, although the official and only pint that is legal in Canada is the imperial pint.
All YouTube citation users can upload 15-minute long videos.
。 citation 但是，目前仍不清楚 Facebook 在哪些地方使用了多少 MQTT。
When Peter was put into prison, Linus became the next leader of the Church.
These characters include George Baxter's client Harvey Griffin (Howard Smith), Rosie, another live-in maid in the neighborhood (Maud Prickett), and postman Barney Hatfield (Robert Williams).
Baby cuckoos grow fast and often get bigger than the parents who feed them.
They have a long 'snout' at the front of their head, called a rostrum.
There are for example Scout-like movements that focus more on the fact that the young people should get a good education in religious matters.
They quickly evolved into a variety of shapes and sizes, including some shaped like hairpins.
In 2000, there were 88,050 people living there.
Survey is this context refers to an astronomical survey.
阿播抓住收回鹘余众，回到碛北。
U.S. Department of the Interior, U.S. Geological Survey.
Otherwise UEFA decide on a venue.
。1235年，路易提出一项不公平的土地协议，主张将遗产的七分之二分给阿韦纳家族，七分之五分给当皮埃尔家族 : 252 这桩纠纷之所以特别复杂，
Agnivesh was the president of the World Council of Arya Samaj from 2004 to 2014.
Their main food is grass.
He encouraged volunteer military service, and promoted the state's war industries.
The two children chase after Máni to attempt to take back their pail.
Shopping is an activity when people find some goods they want or need and pay money for having them.
Webb also taught at the Naval Academy and was criticized for a 1979 article published in the Washingtonian magazine titled "Women Can't Fight" citation (see "Senate Election" below).
Araya is ranked fifty-eighth by Hit Parader on their list of the 100 Greatest Metal Vocalists of All Time.
They might give back a result, or ask an additional question.
由於租用美麗華大樓的辦公室需要繳付昂貴租金，天文台希望長遠可以擴建總部，並且放棄租用辦公室。
Baden-Powell wanted to have boys and girls in different groups, so he started Girl Guides that year.
总面积54平方公里，人口3568人，人口密度66.
Serotonin gastrointestinal sistemdeki reseptörlere etki ederken, dopamin beyindeki reseptörlere etki ederken, her ikisi de benzer işlevleri yerine getirir.
Research to find an economically viable method of using energy from a controlled fusion reaction is currently being undertaken by various research establishments (see JET and ITER).
Özellikle bilimsel gösterim bu modda mevcut değildir.
Rainfall is spread out over the whole year.
The ten countries are listed below, with 'West Indies','England' counting for this purpose as a country.
The Enchanted Cottage is a 1945 American romantic fantasy movie directed by John Cromwell and was based on the 1923 play of the same name by Arthur Wing Pinero.
She left behind a daughter, Lisa Celeste, who is now an actress and singer who took on the stage name Simone.
清順治元年，撫按交薦，起公山西督粮道，舉方面卓異，賜衣一襲，升廬州兵備道。
The letters in the word appear in order somewhere in the grid, and can be placed horizontally, vertically or diagonally.
，而且還用了泡泡字體的奇觀」。
On the complementarity of chaos/complexity theory and dynamic systems theory in understanding the second language acquisition process.
As Lorenzino lay dying he had said that he had been told by an important person to kidnap her.
玉皇天帝和王母有三个女儿，大女儿斯冰，是掌管冰雪的女神，她性情暴虐偏执，动不动就施法惩罚别人，众神都对她敬而远之。
The Class of 2012 was announced on June 14, 2011, and was inducted on January 20, 2012.
Often apples are eaten uncooked.
The assassination was seen as the work of the government and touched off massive antigovernment protests.
The previous era ended and a new one started in 1501 (Meiō 10, 29th day of the 2nd month).
Yaklaşık 1917'de Bunting, dönem boyunca mevcut olan yağlı, donyağı bazlı ilaç kremlerine bir alternatif olarak "Dr.
，并将500名议员赶出议会，保证了拿破仑顺利登上了第一执政的宝座。
調整後，惠民街道幅員面積為63.2平方公里，辦事處駐惠民正街115號（原惠民鎮政府駐地）。
It is not known why DJ Shine quit DT.
An alternative is to use a scale.
The resistance army fought against German troops for 63 days.
Some species do not have tadpoles, and small frogs grow straight from eggs. citation Scientists disagree about exactly which frogs should be placed in which family and on exactly where Ranoidea belongs among groups of amphibians.
It has performed moderately on worldwide charts.
The two scientists made many new discoveries about Genetic and cellular Mechanisms responsible of the sense of smell in human beings and other organisms.
，南到七条通，全长约2.8公里 。
Kurum, Jungiana isimli bir derginin yayınlamasını da üstlenmiştir.
Iron began to be used around 1200 BC.
If the driver deviates from the indicated route, the GPS receiver can provide new directions to the same destination, by repeating the same calculations.
In 1931, he married Hatsuno Nonaka, who died in 1992 and with whom he had 5 children (2 living).
Those figures have faces with no features, or they have no faces at all.
It is considered today to be one of the best video games ever made.
“中药超微饮片”在中国大陆又分为“超微饮片”，“超微配方颗粒”。
有6个村民小组，农户643户，2420口人，耕地面积185.
Zahid Hamid resigned admitting his wrong.
She published two books, the first in 2001 while the second was in 2005.
Other scientists had seen film similarly ruined but did not discover why.
They have not released an album of original material since 2000's Free Your Soul and Save My Mind.
In 2004, in the ten closest states, 64.4% of people younger than 30 who could vote did vote.
公園使用人次變化如下 『自然公園の手引き』2005年 。
First introduced in Battle Tendency with his friend, Caesar Zeppeli, he appears in the later parts Stardust Crusaders and Diamond is Unbreakable.
，Socket F支援運作時鐘頻率在1.
Members were usually literate and rationalist.
The core of the evaporator is composed by a mini or microchannel heat-sink by which the plate surface is maximized; minichannels have a pitch of 2 to 8 mm, while microchannels have a pitch of less than 1 mm.
在太陽曆四百七十二年，神聖國聯合舊海蘭德的貴族企圖收復失地，仍然被迪南共和國擊敗。
They are the subject of ancient and modern art.
He searched for the island in the 1820s but never found it.
Immediately below him are two Deputy Commissioners, one in charge of "Operations" and the other "Strategy and Change Management".
In 1931, Shochiku released the first “
截止2011年，长沙市下辖6市辖区2县，代管1县级市；共计170个乡级行政区划，其中59个街道，87个镇和24个乡。
IPTV is different.
Ancak, bu iddiayı ispatlayan hiçbir kanıt bulunamamıştır.
On May 3, 2021, Gates and Melinda announced that they had decided to divorce following 27 years of marriage, and 34 years as a couple.
One of the reasons it is so hard to know what the symphony means is that people disagree about when Shostakovich started writing it.
He wrote 16 songs about his sadness that later became his next Eels album, Electro-Shock Blues, featuring Butch from the last album.
Berlin suggested a movie based on his song in 1948.
Ondol, which means "warm stone," involves the use of stones and underground ducts to help transport warm air from the kitchen to the rooms in the house.
For this, he was sentenced to death (while being absent).
The commune is very rugged with snow-capped mountains and forested slopes with 1,168 hectares of forest.
Kamen is best known for inventing the product that eventually became known as the Segway PT.
It uses the Wii Zapper, which is included with the game.
Beynin bu bölümünü önemlidir; çünkü bu bölümün hayvanların cinsel davranışlarının düzenlenmesinde rol oynadığı kanıtlanmış ve INAH2 ve INAH3’ün erkeklerde ve kadınlarda farklılık gösterdiği rapor edilmiştir.
GDR 2 Lumia Denim ile Microsoft, uygulamayı "Lumia Camera" olarak yeniden adlandırdı ve bir sürü yeni özellik içerdi.
On February 5, 2008, the Supreme Court ruled in favor of Tsuburaya Productions of Japan after they made an appeal to the initial ruling.
It was in the episode "He's a Crowd" between C.J. Lamb and Abby Perkins.
Plus/4 daha fazla rengi destekleyen bir görüntü ve BASIC'in daha yeni sürümünü (sürüm 3.5) sunuyordu.
又請飭奉天所屬各州縣查勘市鎮鄉村應修堡寨之處，勸民作速興築，擇錄嘉慶年間龔景瀚所著堅壁清野議刊發各州縣，令遵照團練守禦之法，量為辦理。
However, Moscow is not named the official administrative center of the oblast.
Wang Yue was to play on 1st board at the World Team Chess Championship in January 2010, until China dropped out of the event at the last minute.
Students are 40% American, 30% French and 30% from many other countries around the world.
The German occupation added their own, and the British another after the Germans left.
，1988年成为该机构市场与广告部门的负责人。
內外迴路控制器的參數可能會差很多，外迴路的PID控制器有較長的時間常數，對應所有的水加熱或是冷卻需要的時間。
Due to its position, the hyoid bone does not fracture easily.
He played Butch Cassidy in the movie.
He named his solo album after her - Maxinquaye - and once said that though he hardly knew her, he feels like she's speaking through him with his words.
The series started as the stories of Pragya And Bulbul, and their mother Sarla's hope to see them married, but as the time went by, the series revolved around Abhi And Pragya.
，神威顯赫被左右鄰居爭相前來奉香，祈求平安，每求靈驗顯著，不久傳遍鄰里遠近善男信女朝夕祈求，香火日益鼎盛，崇敬之善男信女與日俱增，因香火鼎盛之故，人潮招來攤販、店家聚集而結市，今日鼓山河川市場。
It is known for its gentle rhythm.
His first design was a tube with pairs of mirrors at one end, pairs translucent disks at the other, and beads between the two.
Today Chalkida is an industrial town.
Son albüm, özellikle Under the Bridge adlı şarkının bir anda inanılmaz bir şekilde ünlenmesiyle grubu bütün dünyaya tanıtmıştır.
It was then released widely on March 12, 2010.
His next release Border (1997) emerged as a critical and commercial success, earning him the Filmfare Best Debut Award and a nomination for Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor.
Orta Meksika'da bulunan büyük nüfusu almak istemiyorlardı.
He further called upon Israel to lift the blockade of Gaza, and called all parties to end the violence.
Vernon became an economic hub in the Okanagan because of its many cattle ranches and fruit orchard areas that attracted British families.
This shows their last common ancestry.
利比亞有著重要的戰略位置是連接中東北非阿拉伯國家和歐洲的樞紐。
When the book begins, they have been released and are attending a school.
Üreme mevsimi dışında toplu halde yaşarlar.
They multiply fast: colonies can double their size in between 30 minutes and a few hours.
It ends at Rochester Castle (
His parents got him a very small violin and started giving him lessons.
Thirty of the thirty-one NHL teams have named at least the regulation two alternate captains.
What a pity such a gifted creature died so early!
Gwendoline Christie (d. 28 Ekim 1978), İngiliz oyuncu.
在隨後的Raw SuperShow中，歐頓在與克里斯·
Fabrique Nationale de Herstal, more often abbreviated as Fabrique Nationale or simply FN, is a Belgian manufacturer of firearms.
He was first elected in the 1992 general election, and retired in 2010.
Radhika is an actress and producer and is presently married to actor R. Sarathkumar (her third husband).
The conference was started by Lennart Svanberg.
Later it became a popular English drinking song for many years known as To Anacreon in Heaven.
Vitruvius describes single colonnades on three sides of the yard and a double colonnade on the north side.
As of 31 December 2018, 143 people lived there.
He came from a communist-persecuted family, he was imprisoned five times for political reasons and performed his military service with the PTP in Slovakia.
'ın yer aldığı Paradise Road filmidir.
游戏世界大体基于北欧神话，也从不少游戏中得到灵感，
Translation: What was known about so-called "Serbs"?
The local government of the suburbs around Ashfield is called the Ashfield Council.
The boy is visited by Zeus as an old man, who informs him he will become a warrior like his father and mustn't fear his visions.
Japan won the 2nd place.
He designed well over a dozen aircraft since the 1960s, but a string of business failures have kept most of these designs out of widespread use.
One notable meme from the page, "Bernie v. Hillary", features a political poster comparing the two candidates on a particular issue mainly depicting Clinton as the less favorable option with Sanders being the preferred option.
路線開通當初並沒有此站，是由於之後車站北側興建公團住宅的契機，才設置本站 citation 。
Hunting dinosaurs in the badlands of the Red Deer River, Alberta, Canada.
從《欽定本》的序言、邊註、神學詞彙和附錄四方面可見製作團隊如何有技術、精心地出版政治正確的譯本。
For example, an outspoken member of a political party who blocks those with opposing views, would be a prime example of a ‘’bigot’’.
此後在地形摩擦下，巨爵轉趨減弱，眼壁崩塌、風眼變得模糊不清，聯合颱風警報中心於凌晨5時把巨爵降級為颱風，與此同時中國國家氣象中心亦把巨爵降級為強颱風，香港天文台都在上午9時半跟隨降格， citation （main） 至於臺灣中央氣象局則在早上8時把巨爵降格為中度颱風，這反映巨爵的巔峰時期到此為止。
据说此王爷长相奇丑，脸长嘴小，后来去满洲国吃俸禄，连宣统帝见了都吓了一跳，特地把他的照片寄给三妹韫颖和润麒。
Here he started a major study of the extensive collections of data recorded over many years.
This means that there is not enough money for the government to work correctly, so it stops doing everything that is not very important.
City of Bones is the first novel of Cassandra Clare.
In 1986, he helped co-found Ent'revues, an association based on the research group.
，在24次出场中射入16球 。
They have released five studio albums.
The palace largely can be attributed a large house rather than a full scale palace.
The final venues and schedule were all confirmed on on 2 May 2013.
Many people were upset by this idea, it was quickly dropped.
One earned a Supreme Championship, Lightning Rey.
Instead, the outer energy levels (
He plays as a shooting guard and small forward.
She died in Philadelphia in 1899, and is buried in Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Addington is home to many historical sites in Croydon, like Croydon Palace and the Addington Palace.
，讓查爾斯失去了發表他一生成果的機會，
Infants wean after 4.5 months and are independent after a year.
This Ariticle is cited with Article 12 by UN Office on Drugs and Crime.
A camel train in Africa.
She had just been released from jail a month before his birth.
He agreed to give her money he earned from his books.
Sarı-Kanaryalar için 1985-1988 yılları arası da pek parlak geçmedi.
Hawaii gets 20% of its power from geothermal power plants.
在1930年，他获得了这种发动机的专利，不过空军部门并不感兴趣。
她在2016年夏季奥林匹克运动会中，参加了女子排球比赛并获得银牌。
Different types of the Hurwicz Criterion have been thought of.
On September 19, they opened official social media, for example, Twitter, Instagram, and so forth.
İskenderiye'de polisin gücünü kötüye kullanmasına karşı bir yürüyüş düzenledi ve taziye için Said'in ailesini ziyaret etti.
又因为中国能源开采总量已经停滞，中国经济开始转向单位耗能较少的消费品工业部门，并对高效能源设备进行投资。
This means that the children of Mary and Tom could have either red or brown hair.
The Palaeozoic began with an explosion of life forms.
Lot of discusion have been about waste water systems with Haparanda.
Journal of Contemporary History, 39, 333-352.
How Noisy Does a Noisy Miner Have to Be?
五月廿一日，織田、德川聯軍與武田軍開戰（
He was a member of the North Dakota House of Representatives and North Dakota State Senate for 18 years in total.
，與及參與電影功夫老爸的演出。
They agreed to meet at a local park.
She died in 2020 at the age of 95.
There is very little rice, almost like what a Javanese person would give to a cat.
At a later time, it was learned that Jumbo was not a separate species, but a variant of a known species.
The HSRA decided that it is not safe for Bhagat to be in Lahore as he would be soon caught by the police if so.
散会后，李莎扶李立三出门，并递给他一杯开水喝。
The group would later dissolved on September 1969.
Someone had sex with some of them.
In December 2005, the city said it would have "International Dadaism Month" in 2006. citation The official proclamation from the mayor.
He was replaced with American singer Derrick Green.
The High Steward's main job was to protect the royal family.
Tjukurpa is a Pitjantjatjara word.
The best ones had digital programmable counters, reverse mechanic, electronic buttons, they could use big reels (such as 26.5 cm).
The two persons who have been recorded in the history of changing of street combat into modern savate are Michel Casseux (also known as "le Pisseux") (
He held the office of Archbishop of Wales from 2000 until his election as Archbishop of Canterbury.
In 1950, Raihan passed his matriculation from Amirabad High School, Feni.
The sea was the easiest way of communicating between these Norwegian kingdoms and the outside world.
His body was taken to Sydney.
This is a category of templates used for marking articles as requiring cleanup.
Femininity is made up of both socially defined and biologically created factors.
People pull the head apart into smaller pieces called cloves of garlic.
They were semi-aquatic lizard-like animals with long limbs (called pachypleurosaurs).
Brak really likes him, and he had a feud with Brak's Dad once.
In 1951, he graduated from a music school in Cesis.
Sartell's largest employer is Verso Paper.
The first baseman and third baseman stand close to first base and third base.
When Chester heard the news, it made him extremely upset, as the pair had known each other for years.
In the same election, he also ran for the seat of the National Assembly as an independent candidate from Constituency NA-118 (Lahore-I) but was unsuccessful.
The Israeli army had looted Eilaboun but left the houses.
A third sibling, brother Thomas "Tommy", lived for only about three days in 1812.
」（《 三國志 魏書六董二袁劉傳》）
This is a repeatable sequence of changes which are identified in specific environmental circumstances.
此外，这里的其它一些形象细节还包括main、打孔车票或站长、
，1955年使用拉丁字母创制的拼音壮文。
Craig Cameron Mello (18 Ekim 1960) Massachusetts Üniversitesi Tıp Fakültesi'nde biyoloji profesörüdür.
）仍然率1000僑民和2000英軍於汝島登陸。
Zork is set in "the ruins of an ancient empire lying far underground".
She has many adventures because of her that.
O'Shaunessy retained the title, citation as he also did in June with the same stipulation.
So, motion from any point A to any different point B seems an impossibility.
Bu ses dalgaları kulaktaki duyu almaçları ile algılanır.
In February 2011 there were major violent protests against Libyan government.
To deal with these newly landed Japanese troops, Vandegrift stopped the Matanikau attack on 4 November.
性情極度嗜睡，對古昔迄今的機械（尤其是飛行機）抱有濃厚興趣。
，他发明的一个护球技巧便命名为“蚌埠回旋” citation 。
Yeon-du, Yoo-Ri, and Min-Su were sexually assaulted by the teachers.
Ancak elmalı turta, Avrupa elma çeşitlerinin Atlantik üzerinden getirilerek dikimi için beklemek zorunda kaldı.
Olmsted was later named the fourth Bishop of Phoenix on November 25, 2003.
He appeared in four of his movies.
Bumpy asks Shaft to make sure that Marcy is returned safely.
He had a plan to reform the legendary Ten Tails from the nine tailed beasts.
It slowly and threateningly makes its way down the thin slice of wood until eventually it reaches the end of the stick where it meets its fate.
His art design is based on Junichi from Tsunami Channel.
Belediye başkanı ve yardımcısı tarafından atanan 13 üyeli Kent Konseyi ise Kent Yönetiminin kontrol ve denetiminden sorumludur.
His works were translated into English by Aubrey F. G. Bell.
In February 2012, Glezos was arrested by riot police while protesting in Athens.
In the 1990s and early 2000s, many web companies were hit by DoS attacks.
After puberty, people are able to make children.
GNU lightning最初开发用于GNU Smalltalk的从字节码到本地代码的动态转换器的工具 citation 。
Osmanlı İmparatorluğu döneminde dokuma konusunda Denizli ve Tokat, ipekli ürünler konusunda da Bursa bölgesinde küçük işletmeler halinde üretim vardır.
They kept their marriage a secret from Hollywood.
Charles' army marched across England to the western regions where the Royalists had the most support.
Honda said that no confidential information had been offered or received.
Rubber is a material, which can stretch and shrink.
清朝后宫亲族女眷曾经奉旨在顺贞门会亲，选秀女也进顺贞门。
This machine – RNA polymerase – is responsible for a process called transcription, which by producing RNA from DNA, takes the first step in reading the blueprint of life that is encoded in all of our genes".
If a dancer does all these three elements perfectly, they have a great advantage over the others.
故事敘述在一個後末日的未來，僅存的忍者氏族必須為了生存而與地下碉堡的超自然敵人進行戰鬥，包括異形與殭屍，使得忍者們陷入了一場地獄式的決戰。
The birds of the western palearctic.
The population density of the Central Valley is 155 people per square mile (60 people per square kilometer).
Shields holds a black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
他是一个“终极调整者”实验的失败品，他不断的追寻着“终极调整者”实验唯一的成功者基拉·大和，这样他就可以通过打败基拉来证明自己并不是失败品。
As a result, Azerbaijan has become ethnically more "
Throughout 2011, Swift promoted the album on the Speak Now World Tour.
He loves Takeo, but Takeo doesn’t love him back.
New proper-motion stars, (second list).
，造成江湖生態改變，導致當地角頭逐漸沒落。
It was the last part added to San Mariono.
The nickname 'the Simple' has stayed with him even though its meaning has been misunderstood.
The team stoppped playing in 1985.
American think tanks and their role in U.S. foreign policy.
He meets Nick Shadow who tells him that an unknown uncle has died and left him lots of money.
Frank Stenton, Anglo-Saxon England (Oxford University Press, 1971), p. 204 Æthelbald died a few months later.
有兩個部落社群在加拿大形成：main和Wôlinak。
They were erected in a circle 33 metres in diameter, with lintels on top of the standing stones.
，并包含许多天主教元素的混合宗教，作为一种非政治、无组织的宗教形式，它多年来受到政府支持。
At age 60, Tagore took an interest in drawing and painting.
Siddhartha began to think again about this path.
The population was 2,633,420 in the 2010 census.
Later she founded a daughter house on the other side of the river near Rüdesheim.
Pages related to the Streets of Rage series.
Bismuth(V) oxides (+5 compounds) are very strong oxidizing agents.
That is why it has been used so often by women.
They later found drummer Scott Raynor to complete the band.
Some of the finest features of this period are the magnificent timber rooves.
D. David Bourland, Jr. first suggested E Prime in 1965.
She started singing in 1961.
To prevent the marriage, France invaded Brittany, and forced Anne to change her mind.
不過David Eckstein擊出飛球出局，太空人再拿一勝。
On March 30, 2007, Longueira began his candidacy for President in the 2009 presidential election.
The new building was built a year later.
Ito, over ten years Mochida's senior, has said that when first meeting the young Mochida wearing gyaru style thick platform boots, he didn't even know how to strike up conversation.
凱莉於是推測出是新的開國元勳為了清理門戶派遣了這些貨車軍團，並在貨車邊找到一個反對殺戮日的反抗組織的符號，認為是反抗組織看不慣他們的暴行而消滅了他們，眾人在取得貨車上武器後轉往地鐵站移動。
Between classes and meditation sessions, the Beatles had plenty of free time.
次日下午，采子發表道歉聲明，指與何孟遠非情侶關係，並上載母親與男方對話內容，惟持續遭到抨擊；在當晚何紫妍在Instagram發文指控采子和何孟遠的陳述為虛假後，發表另一道歉聲明，並單方面宣布退出《全明星運動會》節目。 citation citation 在第三日（4月16日）臺北時間凌晨，
A married name is the family name taken by a married person at the time of the marriage.
Doctors said that she had less than three months to live.
In the late 1600s, the Pueblo people revolted against the Spanish.
In 1887, members of the League armed with guns got together.
Since 2012 he is the chairman of the Broadcasting Board of Governors.
He won four league titles and the Copa Colombia with Millonarios.
He has been international for Romanian team seven times in inferior categories.
In the 19th century, there was something called the “
》實施，港獨主張在香港為非法 citation 。
The returning champion was represented by the color red.
She published her first novel (Buitenstaanders) in 1983.
Sanders has three step-children from O'Meara: Dave, Carina and Heather Driscoll.
It tries to use modern historical research to provide information in a broad manner.
Animals are given antibiotics so often that the risk of bacteria becoming resistant to antibiotics is very possible in the near future.
Frederick Hanson began to use the PIE principles again.
Ancak Sezer, ikinci kez önüne gelen anayasa değişikliğini onayladı ve referanduma gitme hakkını da kullanmadı.
Kumble completed B.E in Rashtriya Vidhyalaya College of Engineering in 1991-92.
He left the Civic Platform in July 2009 and started co-operating with the Democratic Party. citation He was one of the candidates in the 2010 Polish presidential election, but got only 1.44% of votes and didn't get into the second round.
The Interpretation of Dreams is one Sigmund Freud’s greatest published works known to date because of the stage it set for his psychoanalytic work.
The word selenology, the study of the geology of the Moon, comes from her name.
In her letters she shows that women wanted to become involved with politics.
In July 2019, CBS announced that Corden's contract to run the show had been extended until August 2023.
If a main performer is unable to perform, the understudy will take their place.
It is his longest poem.
Atina kuvvetleri birkaç Peloponez kent devletlerinden oluşan bileşik kuvvetler karşısında MÖ 460 ve 459 yılında önemli iki muharebe vermiştir.
Moscow Pavilion is a famous pavilion that was built for the Expo 67 world exhibition.
Between 1960 and 1979, the competition was two matches between the same teams.
This decision brought about a boycott by many European competitors, which allowed the Americans to win the four gold medals.
This allows for access of data in constant time because the computer always knows where to look.
She worked during the silent movie era.
會用天氣預報的風格來做次回予告。
你们要在他身上放一把火，彻底烧一烧。”
In 2018, Morocco stopped using summer time and moved to Central European Time (CET) (UTC+01:00) all year round.
Cenazesi Şakirin Camii'nden alınarak 17 Aralık 2017'de Karacaahmet Mezarlığı'na defnedilmiştir.
İzlandalı yetkililer kovulmaların devam edeceğini, eğer Danimarka otoritesi bu İzlanda'dan kovulan Yahudilerle ilgilenmezse Almanya'ya üstüne para vererek gönderileceğini duyurdu.
，而用可作化肥的氯化铵来回收，相比于氨碱法更环保。
Çukurören Köyü, Merkez, Sinitler, Tepe ve Bürüncek mahallelerinden meydana gelir.
The Gallardo was first seen at the 2003 Geneva Motorshow.
Will asks Holly to help them make it modern.
Without anything, it weighs 11,799 pounds (5,352 kilograms).
En şiddetli biçimde Lefkoşa, Limasol ve Baf'ta hissedildi.
Key employers in the region are Volkswagen, Continental, Talanx, Hannover Re, Nord LB and VHV.
By 1990s, most of the Tamil people had got back their citizenship.
HK 漆咸道北 Chatham Road North 昇御門 Chatham Gate bus 111 March-2012 Ip4.
The population of Penang is 1,902,116 as of 2016.
曾任山东大学校长（1932年9月—1936年6月，1946年2月—1949年6月）。
二次大戰結束後，國民政府接收臺灣，以原草湖大字範圍分置東湖村與西湖村，隸屬臺中縣大里鄉。
Grant intended to maneuver Lee's army to a decisive battle.
与汪炳生、王柏年垄断了汉口的火油、洋布、五金等商品的营销 citation 。
Neither field specifies or prefers any undergraduate major, though medicine has set prerequisite courses that must be taken before enrollment.
After a long illness he died at his house in Antwerp.
In contrast, superconductors lose their resistance all at once.
Gibson joins a party of men exploring the surface of Mars.
He was president of the Massachusetts Provincial Congress in 1774 and 1775.
The executive branch may also include many other organizations.
The winning player chose one of two prize packages, labeled "A" and "B."
，小熒幕曾用作直播中國和香港有關的賽事和頒獎儀式。
He took Charles to Spain in the hope of finding him a Spanish princess as a bride, but they had a lot of problems on the journey and could not persuade the Spanish king to give them his daughter as a wife for Charles.
Later he married Maria Kulle.
，否则“德不逮而民无援”，国事将不堪问，这既是对改良派的针砭，也是对革命派的砥砺，同时也正是性格、精神和做人标准的自白。
There are regular daily flights from Sydney.
By late afternoon, the fire had burnt out convert and killed several people.
The rate is from 90% to as high as 99%.
The carriages are housed at the Royal Mews in London.
Unlike skin, which has hair growing out of it, mucous membranes are hairless.
In 1929, Basie started playing with the Bennie Moten band, Kansas City.
Do you laugh at it?
As a young child she was signed by Ford Modeling Agency.
Connair had money problems in the 1970s.
Pubs that serve food have cooks, dishwashers, and servers to prepare, cook, and serve the food.
They are used in thermodynamics and other sciences, for example chemistry.
Part-time student numbers collapse by 56% in five years.
Even though object-oriented programming is popular, some people think that it is bad and criticize it.
Sarel Eimerl, see below, cites Colle di Romagnano.
Denuvo Anti-Tamper is an anti-tamper technology Anti-tamper software is software which makes it harder for an attacker to modify it.
If a person is given only pancuronium bromide, their brain will keep working normally even while their body is paralyzed.
Fransız İhtilali’nden sonra Pantomimin yükselmeye çalışmasının her şeyden önce katı tiyatro sansürüyle ilgisi bulunmaktadır.
This new style of exclusively female groups became known as shibai, Okuni, in Japan Encyclopedia.
What is your favorite color?
They thought she showed too much of her body when racing.
When two people get married, the meeting is about them and the life that they will live together.
Braille's change was to use a 6 dot cell — the braille system — which completely changed how the blind would read and write.
He went into the other side of the building and detonated the skyscrapers.
腦蟲（Parelaphostrongylus tenuis，或稱腦膜寄生蟲）
That single became a hit again in 1992 during the Olympics that were being held there.
無論是自然授精或人工授精都是一種「在體內」的授精過程，
它引導注意力和瞄準資訊，使工作記憶和長期記憶一起工作。
On September 28, Tropical Depression Sixteen formed from an tropical wave in the northern Caribbean Sea.
They are playful but very stubborn.
Geologist William Henry John Slee was appointed resident Goldfield Warden.
Will & Grace became a ratings success, and Messing gained fame.
第三届“国医大师”（按姓氏笔画为序）
It was the main reason for having a constitution.
In 1996 he resigned because of bad health.
Digestibility of cooked and raw egg protein in humans as assessed by stable isotope techniques.
远期计划平峰间隔5分钟，高峰期在奥体中心站和南高教园区站间开行小交路 。
Flea said it was because of "the fact that we grew up listening to different music".
Nakamura volunteered to be part of the all-Nisei 442nd Regimental Combat Team.
This is an infinite product.
The work resulted in the replacement of the cast iron tubes with a new steel girder-supported roof.
Now, Lilo and Stitch have to save Stitch's ohana from being used for chaos.
In 2009, there may have been 350,000 Malaysians working in Singapore.
The lead guitarist of Free was named Paul Kossoff.
She saved money for the train fare.
该小行星于1967年10月19日发现。
案发两天后的2月16日，联邦调查局公布了详述该情报的声明。
霍元甲從此發誓不會再敗給任何人，藉助他的好友農勁蓀而抄一本霍家拳秘笈，立下做「津門第一」的志願而開始背著父母苦習武藝。
，使微生物席可以通过利用更广泛使用的能源来源——阳光。
; born 3 July 1981) is a Spanish lawyer and politician.
Epstein's family sold NEMS Enterprises to the Beatles, because they did not wish to keep the company without him.
The only way to get rid of trench foot was to dry your feet and change your socks several times a day.
GERD is also called " G astro- O esophageal R eflux D isease (GORD) or "gastric reflux disease" or "acid reflux disease".
They had their own forms of opera.
Explored throughout the Itajaí system.
》給予《極速天龍》5顆星中4.5顆星的高得分外，並反應在玩完遊戲有著令人悵然若失的感觸。
This made it possible for a small number of SS to run large concentration camps.
They may have gone farther towards the Lachlan.
Daneel is many thousands of years old.
After the closing credits, Dante finally opens his investigation firm with the name "Devil May Cry".
韦伯1962年自main毕业。
，長84米、寬58米，面積0.
然而1811年8月3日，約翰．魯道夫．邁耶爾（Johann Rudolf Meyer）和赫羅尼姆斯．邁耶爾（Hieronymus Meyer）兄弟登上了少女峰頂，這次的登頂或許啟發了建設少女峰鐵路的夢想。19世紀末，整個瑞士的山區鐵路熱潮蔓延，一系列的齒軌鐵路因而誕生，這實現了少女峰鐵路的夢想，少女峰鐵路更是這一系列齒軌鐵路熱潮中的亮點 citation 。
Turkmenistan was a largely quiet Soviet republic.
The song was written by Swift and Liz Rose, producer by Nathan Chapman and Swift.
In October 2012, Jihea announced that she was leaving the group.
Midas admitted that he had sometimes pat his son Lityerses on the pack accidentally, but he always had the lake to rinse it off.
Most of them are inhabited by various tribal groups.
The old camel, which had not given a drop of milk, was soon over flowing with milk.
It was created by John Louis Emil Dreyer in 1888.
Arabic is the exclusive official language in Saudi Arabia.
Coalitian parties marked in olive.
Lucius faced quite a task.
Whitney's idea of using machines to create interchangeable parts started what came to be known as the "American system" of mass production.
Further down into the atmosphere, the Sun would be obscured by clouds and haze of various colors, most commonly blue, brown, and red.
Advertisements on many children's television shows in 1957 brought more sales.
Katy'nin buradan kazandığı 8 ödülü bulunmaktadır.
ENSFEA also offers bachelor's degree, Master’s and PhDs.
》 （2013年10月5日 - 2019年3月24日，
It was administered by an official called the Sado-bugyō.
A × B onto one of its factors is a surjection.
李思德（1926年10月3日－2019年6月8日），
Ministry of Ecology, Energy, Sustainable Development and Sea.
Greensand has a very large upper jaw tip which displays the typical teeth which distinguish C. capito from other species.
Sıvı hidrojenin hacmi gaz halindeki hacminin sadece 1/700'ü kadardır.
The discoverers believe these remains are from H. heidelbergensis.
In the battles, coaches decide to pair two artists from their team against each other, performing the same song in a "boxing ring" type arena.
This period started in March 1211 and ended in December 1213.
Some people say they are “tone-deaf”, meaning that they cannot sing in tune.
Palm, Inc. has had its name changed several times.
另外6名歌手将组成一组并隔周竞演，且为了平息第一期因竞演顺序搅局的争议，5月歌手战将以现场直播的方式进行。
João's reign would be a turbulent one, seeing Napoleonic invasion of Portugal and the loss of the Portuguese Empire's largest and wealthiest colony, Brazil.
The port was lit on the night of the raid to help the unloading of supplies.
The Baroque sites at Noto (Noto cathedral).
Two differences between the Phelps twins is that Oliver has a mole on the right side of his neck, while James does not and James has a slightly deeper voice than Oliver.
谣曲是人们在日常生活中经常哼唱的小调民歌，一般篇幅不大，但乐段结构完整，节拍比较规范，没有吟唱调那样强的实用性功能，但与人们的日常生活结合的非常密切，其艺术形式发展比吟唱调成熟。
。 citation 在2015-2016赛季，他们从伊朗足球甲级联赛升级，目前在伊朗职业足球联赛踢球。
Just because a dog walks toward another dog or a person doesn't mean that it will bite.
After the first year the endurance event came to be dominated by specially equipped Land Rover vehicles.
採用惠阳区人民政府的派出机构，对区内事务实行“一个窗口收费、一站式管理、一条龙服务”的產業管理模式。
She almost got pregnant by a drunk man walking down their street.
The referee would not start counting until Dempsey went to a neutral corner, so it is estimated that Tunney had as many as fourteen seconds to rise (instead of the usual ten).
）”空中表演队进行飞行特技表演，试图在天空中勾勒奥运五环标志，但由于现场风大无法呈现最终效果 citation 。
As the sensation increases in intensity, the rate of hand movement generally quickens until orgasm occurs.
：第一代蘭開斯特公爵、德比伯爵。
A competition is held with the help of the local schools to design a poster for the Abergavenny fireworks display.
It is one of the most least spoken languages with 642 speakers world wide.
Perhaps the most unusual attempt was made by bishop Federico Tolli, in his German book Thelema – Im Spannungsfeld zwischen Christentum, Logentradition und New Aeon Leipzig, 2004.
They did not like the symbolism of having to give a statement of faithfulness to the British king.
新人演员迎来首次分班考试，他们将在17部经典剧目、27个经典角色中挑选自己分班考核的备战角色，根据此前网络票数排名，新人演员依据总排名的高低依次选择角色，人气高就有优先挑选的权利 citation ，共设三个考场“单人表演”、“双人表演”、“模仿表演”，剧本演练时间仅有短短24小时。
It dies late the next day after failed attempts to lead it back to the sea.
He is married to Alessandra Vittorini, and has two children.
不過3日，貞俊軍勢包圍長福院並逼迫義長自殺。
Hargitay became NABBA Mr. Universe in 1955.
He was known for riding the horse Red Rum to win the Grand National in 1973 and 1974 and for second place in 1975.
Mitigating factors do not automatically result in decreased punishment.
Dr. Vladimir Yazdovsky wrote: "Laika was quiet and charming.
When Tycho died in 1601, Kepler continued Tycho's work.
It was founded in 1821 and named for James Lawrence.
The 'American' shows the nationality and culture of the United States.
TSK ve TDSO Afrin merkeze güneydoğudan 1.5 km, güneyden de 3.5 km yaklaştı.
此型列車自上線營運後總是被詬病車廂內部空間狹小、站立空間不夠、座椅數量少、座椅不夠舒適等問題。
Sometimes the player may rest the thumb on the edge of the fingerboard to keep the hand steady.
In 2007, 38554 people lived there.
Bangladesh have a population of 166,303,498 as per 2021 census.
The city lies on an island, and is known for the Great Mosque of Djenné.
This dates the manuscripts near the end of the Fifth Dynasty.
Tropical cyclones can sometimes degenerate back into a tropical wave.
It is the story of a Beauty Queen, who gets involved in a hit, which lead to the premature death of her father.
People then start to leave, saying “Goodnight” to one another (especially the Rector).
The actual confidence interval is calculated by entering the measured weights in the formula.
In Studies in vertebrate paleobiology: essays in honor of John R. Bolt, eds Lombard R.E. et al pp. 126–148.
In Dutch, some people may use the Dutch word "hé" to greet eachother, meaning "hey" or "hi".
He and Saphira leave, along with Brom, an old storyteller who tells Eragon and Saphira many things about dragons and Riders and promises to help them.
It should be ready by 2023. citation When it is ready the powerful telescope should be a lot better at seeing small asteroids.
It is based on his 1986 one-character play of the same title.
Illinois has supported only Democratic candidates for president since 1992.
All songs written by Robbie Robertson except where noted.
Crouch Sr. was imprisoned by Wormtail, and when he escaped to Hogwarts, Crouch Jr. killed him.
Fictional people include Stacey Colbert, a character in the television show Ned & Stacey.
Because of this, it passed the Act of Settlement 1701.
It became popular.
Abbaszadeh scored 18 times in 23 matches, becoming the league top scorer.
She also wrote two autobiographies, A Girl from Yamhill and My Own Two Feet.
She also writes about family, love, and children.
His father was a farmer.
六月甲辰，昌引众出城，大破之。
The album was produced by Johnny K, mixed by Mike Fraser, and was released on 8 March 2010 in the UK, Europe, Canada, Japan, Australia and New Zealand, and in the U.S. on 20 April.
Przewalski's horses, unlike domestic horses, shed their tail and mane hair once per year.
The way the bullet behaves after it leaves the barrel is called 'external ballistics'.
Moreno also was involved in Mexico's labor politics, which were often dangerous.
The decay (rotting teeth) is not caused by methamphetamine itself, but by meth users not brushing their teeth, having a lot of sugary drinks, and having dry mouth.
It is particularly known for its security and privacy as well as its adjustability.
When pure oxygen is not enough, hyperbaric oxygen therapy (HBOT) can also be used.
He is the current DTM champion.
Boulevard du Temple by Daguerre: shows a man who stood still getting his boots polished.
They use intermediaries and technology to trade.
首先现代的分类学不再区分原始的或者现代的物种，其次海狮科动物与海豹科动物最早的化石差不多一样老。
It is also known as optical telegraph.
埃诺克森1995年当选格陵兰议会议员，
Morell began to treat Hitler with a drug he called "Vitamultin" when Hitler felt tired in the morning.
Hydrogen atoms that are adjacent to other hydrogen atoms can split peaks as well.
The district is divided in to three circles: Transmission circle, Thiruvananthapuram city and Kattakkada.
Together they followed the group's tracks across the desert in two four-wheel drives.
Knowledge of Elamite history is not complete.
" and can sometimes include several small ancient towns and villages.
Thr active fault is shown in red.
范周自幼不追求名譽和地位，只用功於詩詞，居所稱為「范家園」，以堅持自己的信念為樂，未嘗屈折於人 《中吳紀聞》：「少負不羈之才，工於詩詞，不求聞達，士林甚推之。
The females tend to be smaller than the males.
The poem had been set to music and was performed at teachers'
'tan Celph Titled ve daha birçok isim yer almaktadır.
他还在《滨河街的春天》中扮演男配角尤拉 citation 。
联邦统计局在周三的一份声明中提到，3月期间，外国游客在此共过夜19089晚，同比下降了77%。
Loviisa was established in 1745.
Initially, he could not play in many games for injury.
On 26 December 2010, the blizzard reached New York City.
Business people sometimes come together to talk about things.
The President appoints the Council of Ministers.
Seeger and Toshi had four children.
Bakker's Blind Brain Hypothesis is that we are only conscious of a tiny part of the information processed by our brains.
Kaufman was engaged to another wrestler Matthew Adams, who is best known by his ring name Buddy Murphy.
He returned to Japan, writing a book about his Ethiopian experiences: From the Roof of Africa (1971).
The Commonwealth countries, including the United States then also introduced these laws.
The use of the word taboo drawn from tapu.
A controversy had occurred in the Northumbrian church over the date of Easter.
Once it's revealed these are merely ghost-warriors meant to distract the heroes, however, the false Frieza and his allies are easily dealt with.
She tricks the prince into promising his love to her at a ball, and, in doing so, the Prince betrays Odette.
Nasir Ahmad El-Rufai was born on 16th February 1960.
Arche Agglo, officially named as Communauté d'agglomération Hermitage-Tournonais-Herbasse-Pays de Saint Félicien.
收官之战共分为三轮，每轮各由一个独立的小案件组成。
Currently, among the estimated 85,000 blind adults in the United States, 90% of those who are Braille-literate are employed.
The Nigerian Civil War ends.
，但狹窄的通道將河道縮小，因而直侵蝕力也相對變大，便形成了羚羊峽谷底部的走廊，和谷壁上堅硬光滑、如同流水般的邊緣。
Mubeen Saudagar married Alsaba Saudagar at 2017.
After Cash Sprint proved to be successful, the brothers made their own website for flash games.
Türkçe kitabesine göre cami ilk inşasından sonra çeşitli dönemlerde yanmış, yıkılmış, harap olmuştur.
Naked mole rats are not threatened.
，身处邵阳的李伯蛟加入该旅，后逐步被提升为班、排、连长等职。
Different types of birds have different needs.
Second Class on 2 December 1914.
Oyuncular, Second Life içinde yarattıkları her şeyin, bu bir kıyafet, bir obje, bir ev, bir saç modeli olabilir, telif haklarına otomatik olarak sahipler.
Then she is introduced to Isabella's brother John Thorpe, who finds himself falling in love with her.
Their son, Camden John Lachey, was born on September 12, 2012.
Divergent means that as you add more terms the sum never stops getting bigger.
Complicating factors are not completely clear.
Their mass would hardly hold together, and a lot of material would be ejected by powerful solar winds, forming the nebulae we see around them.
He discovered that uranium decayed a lot faster than usual and produced a lot of alpha and beta particles.
Others form policies to address all matters of government, known as a "platform".
The games started on January 30 1948.
The city was first incorporated in 1872, but the charter was voided as illegal.
A lot of people said good things about the poem.
Eventually, the host tree dies.
The couple had five children: Margaret Mason (1895), Helen Carolyn (1897), John Edwin (1900), Maude Ann (1904) and James Sherman (1913).
Sometimes it happens taking clothes off for a shower or bath or swimming.
For example, adding zero to three gives three.
管理员封禁用户时，必须根据维基百科的方针，也必须注明封禁理由，理由将由系统永久记录在封禁日志中。
The reason for the block is permanently logged by the software.
這小寺廟一直都用於入會儀式的用途（
Each neurotransmitter has a different function.
在审判过程中和定罪之后，吉斯林对“大融合”兴趣重燃。
The first chapter covers geographical and political issues of the Persian Gulf, historical recorded documents on the "Persian Gulf" name, the recent Persian Gulf naming dispute, and the 3 Islands.
鲁道夫·安特里姆（Rodolphe Antrim，1971年3月23日－），
In the 1950s, a group called the Civitans started to help people with intellectual disability.
在法律形式主义看来，法律是一系列独立于其他政治和社会制度的规则和原则。
The skies over the American carriers were mostly clear.
He played for the team between 1948 through 1956.
Robinson was Minister of Finance and Personnel from May 2007 to June 2008.
In addition, later that year, prisoners were being killed with poison gas in Stara-Gradiska, in both gas chambers and vans.
Aynı sezon Ordu'nun bir büyükşehir olup il özel idaresinin kaldırılması üzerine kulübün adı Güzelorduspor olarak değiştirildi.
They are often used to make announcements in large buildings or neighbourhoods.
In 1832, he settled in Paris and adopted the French musical style.
The season 2010/11 was successful, they reached th 6th place.
Yener, bir röportajda sırasında, çekimlerin hava sıcaklığı -10 °C'de iken başladığını, kendisinin helikopterler ile dağların üzerine çıkarıldığını ifade etti.
Both agencies buy their vehicles from car dealerships.
His main work was about the evolution of signals, particularly those signals that are indicative of fitness, and their selection for "honesty".
The band's next two singles "ABC" and "The Love You Save" also reached number one.
Dave Raggett開發，
He worked at three churches there.
The term 'luminescence' was introduced in 1888 by Eilhard Wiedemann.
Inside the international terminal at San Francisco.
It has become a popular show around the world.
The Marne–Rhine Canal flows through the city of Saverne.
'nın Türkiye'de gösterilen bir reklamında 700 bin karşılığında oynadı.
，並在小組賽3場比賽皆以先發身份上場。
He is married to Republican political consultant Mary Matalin.
Olympic Youth Development Centre舉行，本賽事不設獎金 （英文） citation 。
The bombard was used for close defense of the walls (100–200 meters) at the Siege of Rhodes.
Alpine skiing was one of the sports at the first Winter Paralympics in 1976, with Slalom and Giant Slalom being raced.
In 1985, Elton joined the Department of Environment, again as a Minister of State, but left the government the following year.
The passage of time on the show relative to that of the real world is somewhat ambiguous when marked by events of shorter duration (e.g., votes, campaigns).
To experience the net largest amount of pleasure, people should spend as much time as possible on things that they are unwilling to stop doing.
He was the 8-year-old pet dog of the Griffin family.
Humans value resins for the chemics in them, and for their many uses.
In such organisms, cells are usually specialised.
使用时安柄方便，直接把上端穿入銎中即可，
Or is it because some of them descended from the Karaite people or Qaraite people?
宋代开宝五年（公元972年），朝廷下旨改车溪洞为柿溪州，授土酋向克武为柿溪州宣抚使，允其子孙世代承袭。
'un 56 dakika 7 saniye geride, genel klasmanı 16. sırada tamamladı.
Most women use something to absorb or catch their menses.
Adding vectors (right side): vector a (blue) is added to vector b (red) by placing them as shown on the right.
The metal bar dissolves in the solution and plates out on the object, forming a thin but durable coating of metal.
With the creation of the arrondissements, the 6 districts became four arrondissements: Valence, Die, Montélimar and Nyons.
Songs written and/or recorded in the year 1996.
For example, he composed songs for Jacques Brel like Ne Me Quitte Pas, Ces Gens-Là, Bruxelles, Mathilde and Les Vieux.
The matches were played on 15 and 16 September 2020.
They also sell gift cards, including three types of pre-paid VISA cards.
One held the plasma, the other distilled (pure) water.
Elizabeth II has few political powers, and is not a ruler in the usual sense.
The Abdim's stork is a black stork with grey legs, red knees and feet, grey bill and white underparts.
Christophe Lemaire and trained by Mikel Delzangles.
共有25支队伍参加比赛 citation 。
Nitel araştırmalarda nesnellik şart değildir.
RAID works by spreading the data over several disks.
As of 2007, Inkscape is actively being made better, and new features are added all the time.
，並委托由利本莊市負責車站業務。
There have been numerous instances of players receiving the trophy many times in different years.
He was buried at the foot of Hill Cemetery.
Omza asılarak veya asılmadan koltuk altında sıkıştırılır ve oturarak avuç içi ve parmaklar aracılığıyla çalınır.
Dale Edward Wolf (September 6, 1924 March 20, 2021) was an American businessman and politician.
At the war's end, Poland's borders were moved west, pushing the eastern border to the Curzon line.
; 西川信介（にしかわ しんすけ）
Nüfusu 2012 Nüfus tahmini itibarıyla 1,016,028 kişidir.
The largest one is Great Nicobar.
He was notably Ukrainian under-18 champion and the Champion of Odessa.
This because of both the poor condition of some parts, and because of its great age.
The manor was the childhood home of Bruce when his parents were alive.
He used a four-stroke type of internal combustion engine to power his Benz Patent-Motorwagen in 1886.
He was called by the Chemical & Engineering News poll of 1998 to be one of the "Top 75 Distinguished Contributors to the Chemical Enterprise" during C&EN's 75-year history.
Genel yayın yönetmenliğini Hamit Hasbay yapmıştır.
'nde eğitimini tamamlamış ve sonra 6 yıl boyunca Almanya'da çalışmıştır.
但在艾布拉姆斯提交了一份名为《超人飞越》的剧本后，华纳兄弟公司取消了这部电影的计划来考虑分别拍摄蝙蝠侠或超人题材的电影 。
The show has been criticised for its lack of realism.
Kinship is an important organizing factor in the structuring of female-female social relationships.
The five-episode miniseries was written by Craig Mazin and directed by Johan Renck.
Andriy Bilyy is an implementer of the project Synchronous, which became a prototype of the first Ukrainian electric vehicle.
But when he placed meat in an open jar, maggots were found on the meat and inside the jar.
She was influenced by Michael Jackson.
Map showing Costa Rica's 7 provinces sub-divided into their 81 cantons.
She likes to play hide-and-seek with her friends.
Local armistice negotiations were done from 8 August 1940 in Dewele.
John Cabot was famous as the famous explorer of the coastline of Canada and its subsequent colonization.
This was part of the Victorian Gold Rush.
Standart versiyonda üretilen ilk uçak, ilk uçuşunu 28 Aralık 1994’te yaptı.
下面列出的若干小城市以及县镇（
Amerika Kayıt Endüstrisi Birliği (RIAA) adlı kuruluş tarafından verilmektedir.
This bank also issued 1 colón coins.
The Japanese decided to risk not using fast warships to deliver their men and supplies to the island.
這會導致潮汐力鎖定，並使得行星的一面永遠白晝，另一面永遠漆黑。
This picture is from a work by Robert Fludd published between 1617 and 1621.
Unfavorable environmental conditions trigger the making of a cyst.
Şehrin merkez ve yoğun kısımları deniz kenarındayken, yamaçlarda ise fakir halk ve gecekondu mahalleleri bulunur.
It has 7,840 objects on it.
This name was known back in Roman times, when it was called Aquae Spadanae.
Hertfordshire showed that Young wanted to be a chief police officer who made things happen.
At first Sisley and his friends had few chances to show or sell their work.
Gayet sakin tabiatlı idi ve önce devlet hizmeti veya askerlik kariyerine girmekten sakındı.
Both formats save ten rows of data (or characters) on a length of convert.
Its precursor, MeerKAT, is already the most powerful telescope every built.
Go-Daigo became emperor in 1318 when he was 30 years old.
Her father was a law expert and part of the Alabama State lawmaking body.
Joshua is English for the Hebrew word Yeshua.
The fourth bout is followed by an 11-minute break.
Giovanni Battista Pittoni was the most important painter of the Venetian eighteenth century, his fame made him receive numerous orders from foreign collectors and from the royal families of the time.
Jane and Steve follow him.
此外她建议，即使来自风险较高地区的抵港人士的测试结果为阴性，政府应安排集中檢疫隔離，取代家居隔離。
The measurements of an indoor cricket pitch.
This table lists the sequence of the world's oldest known living men from 1973 to present.
Some Satyrs who stole gold from helpless people are in a bar so Xena and Gabrielle come to beat them up and take the money back.
Her father, being a clergy, homeschooled Anne Hutchinson.
Taran Taran Sahib is a city of Punjab (India).
As a thank you for fulfilling her dream to see the lanterns, Rapunzel gives Flynn the satchel with the crown.
Many people with synesthesia use their experiences to help them be more creative, for example, in making drawings and music.
新界東北最初擬發展古洞北、粉嶺北及坪輋/打鼓嶺三大區，發展局最終於2013年「拍板」優先發展古洞北、粉嶺北。
He created the logo by having a cloud background with the 1965 Screen Gems logo on it.
Ocak ayının başlarında Petrograd'da (şehir kurulduğu 1703 yılından 1914 e kadar Petrograd olarak adlandırılmıştır, 1914 sonrası isim Almanca olduğundan ve Rusya içinde savaştıkları Almanlara karşı tepki yüksek olduğundan St.
Khao Wong Phrachan is the highest mountain in Lopburi.
Both of them were successful as solo artists as well.
The Arctic in particular has been getting much warmer.
The two shapes are also crescents, facing outward, which represents the idea that Pisceans are open to new things and to change.
Newton kendi kendine eylemsizlik çerçevelerinin rolünü tanıdı.
He served again in the China Burma India Theater from October 1943 until June 1944.
，上议院已不再是“宪法的看门狗，而是成為贝尔福先生的狮子狗。”
Rukavina was arrested on July 31, 2004, for fourth-degree drunk driving with a blood alcohol level of 0.15. citation He pleaded guilty to the charge.
He had been caught because his palm-print on the pillow matched his police file, including the Milan school incident, when Milan police had released him just 5 days before the murder.
The family was known as the Maranzano crime family until its founder Salvatore Maranzano was murdered in 1931.
On 10 August 2019, The UDP’s National Party Council met and set the date of the UDP’s leadership convention and election on 9 February 2019.
Kemah'a ait ilk nüfus bilgilerine, Osmanlı dönemindeki bazı kaynaklarda rastlanmaktadır.
The amount of water that goes into the turbine can be from 1,968 cubic feet (600 m 3 ) to 3,116 cubic feet (950 m 3 ) per second.
Çoğu sivil 137 kişinin ölümüne, 592 kişinin yaralanmasına yol açmıştır.
As part of a plea bargain he was forced to resign from office.
He crashes and the Army finds him and his friend, James Rhodes.
Yairus Gwijangge (31 December 1968 15 November 2020) was an Indonesian politician.
Küçük yaşta babasını kaybetmiştir.
Seeger teaches several old-time picking techniques - clawhammer, two-finger, three-finger, up-picking and others.
We can then say that any two even integers added together give an even integer.
The Americans were represented by various members of the American Olympic track and field athletics delegation, while the Swedish team was the Vesterås Baseball Club, which had been formed in 1910 as the first baseball club in Sweden.
Bu dönemde maarif, fen ve nafia (Yararlı İşler / Bayındırlık) gibi yeni kavramların yenileşme hareketinin ilk önemli göstergelerinden olarak kullanım alanına dahil olmaya başladıkları görüldü.
Since "no society can predict its own future states of knowledge", it follows that no science can predict human history.
The county was created in 1846.
），美國之音中文網2011年2月28日 。
The term is used internationally by many countries.
The peaks are often found hundreds to thousands of metres below the surface, and so are in the deep sea.
Taito says "Space Invaders was a worldwide phenomenon".
Yaklaşık olarak %50’si 25 yaş altındadır.
An orange has a tough shiny orange skin.
The government of Saint Helena produces coins and banknotes.
In rare circumstances an Executive Chairperson can be appointed but this is either illegal in many jurisdictions or frowned upon by Regulators.
Usually, engineers try to make resistors heat up as little as possible to not waste power, but in a heater, this "waste" is a good thing.
When they look at pieces of music in this way this is called “musical analysis”.
Their total population is over 129 million.
Anyone can see how the source code works and can change it if they want to make it work differently.
For example: Haydn in the Classical Period would often change its mood during a piece.
Falafel is made from chickpeas or fava beans.
Most butterflies have thin slender filamentous antennae which are club shaped at the end.
Pitts would describe her years at the University of Belize as both rewarding and challenging.
Baseline Road runs along the parallel today.
The most important and biggest Crusades took place from the 11th century to the 13th century.
They might be true, but you could never prove it.
在经济上，新国家政权维持了社团主义政策，导致葡萄牙经济的很大一部分被一些强大的大企业集团所掌控，包括由安东尼奥·尚帕利莫德家族、何塞·曼努埃尔·德梅洛家族、阿梅里科·阿莫里姆家族和多斯桑托斯家族创立的企业。
The main theme of the poem is the seeking for faith.
He is the founder of the Canadian Film Centre.
A few other people have added, but almost all of it is his.
They often mess up.
，他首度觀察到這顆星神秘的變暗。
He is the patron saint of very many groups, including thieves and murderers.
》飾演 舞蹈系學生之一（EP.
Rather, each individual is choosing behaviour that corresponds to that of the majority of other members, possibly through imitation or possibly because all are responding to the same external circumstances.
After this, these countries started closer economic cooperation.
An Act prescribing the Code of the National Flag,Anthem, Motto, Coat-of-Arms and other heraldic items and devices of the Philippines.
In 2000, 52,715 people lived there (US. Census 2000).
Wild blueberries have a stronger taste.
They have released an album with him called Master of Disaster.
Ama Mısır ordunun ana kısmı Sultan Baybars komutasında Antakya kalesini kuşatmaya başladı.
Şu sıralar aktris Marisa Coughlan ile birlikte.
楚鲁特县（Chuluut District）人，
The places of higher density later caused matter to clump in those locations and form large-scale objects.
Marciano was named fighter of the year by Ring Magazine three times.
It has the same MTOW (Maximum Take-Off Weight) as the A330-300, so it can take more fuel than the A330-300.
He was a member of the League of Communists of Kosovo.
在一整列車編成當中，必須嚴格管理車輛的方向 『鐵道畫刊』（第727號）2003年1月臨時特刊、電氣車研究會、246頁 。
He scored several chart successes in Sweden during the 1970s and 80s.
在閃電日本對上韓國代表——火焰神龍時和福嫂一起到現場加油。
The Highland Clearances of the 19th century had a devastating effect on many communities and it is only in recent years that population levels have ceased to decline.
Emily fights through the memory, telling herself that it is not real.
Alkan, 2001 yılında “Tuzu Kurular” ve 2005 yılında da “Kızma Birader” isimli televizyon dizilerinde oynadı.
脑电图（EEG）就是一种能够帮助人们去窥视大脑皮层活动的测量手段。
Last SEC fails to take into account for a component’s viscosity or resistance to flow.
A law has been passed to stop Afghan male soldiers from having the boys they sexually abuse to live with them.
，位於該國西南部，由烏伊拉省負責管轄，始建於1701年，面積298平方公里，海拔高度855米，2005年人口5,186，人口密度每平方公里17.
》印象專輯裡的歌詞內容），其中片尾曲main的內容；
'e karşı oynan Regionalliga Süd karşılaşmasına çıktı.
中四至中六，每級設五班實行本地課程，並設一班實行非本地課程。
The area corresponding to the Goicoechea canton during the pre-Columbian period was populated by an indigenous people called the Western Huetar Kingdom, under the rule of king Garabito at the start of the Spanish Conquest.
The script of the movie was written by Francis Daley and Jonathan Goldstein.
Bu kıtalar arasındaki çarpışma Lapetus Okyanusu'nu kapattı ve Euramerica veya eski kırmızı kıta olarak da bilinen Lavrasya'yı ortaya çıkardı,daha sonra birkaç büyük Arktik kıta bloğu da dahil olmak üzere 37.000.000 km(14.000.000)' yi kapladı.
This competition was his last game for Japan.
，并将测得的雷达图像转换为光谱，从而提供与海洋波浪系统有关的长度与方向信息。
He and his supportes voted against the laws, and the government, no longer controlling a majority, called an early election.
The Wigmore Hall is a famous concert hall in London.
International Police Cooperation: A World Perspective, ed. Daniel J. Koenig, Dilip K. Das (Lanham, MD: Lexington Books, 2001), pp. 38-41 They work in close cooperation with police chiefs to exchange methods and ideas.
The words of the Magnificat have been set to music by many composers.
This type of joint allows the bone to move in a 360° angle—with more freedom than other joints.
目前河道行洪能力：镇西至三顶召1500立方米/秒，三顶召以下1200立方米/秒。
Eventually, this was reflected in the change of the game's subtitle to Shadow of Chernobyl.
When the bow is drawn across the strings it creates a vibration.
This has often resulted in many technical fouls during critical moments of games, being benched and eventually pushing away lots of potential scouting chances due to her lack of control.
The club was founded in 1989.
六月民主运动被視為韓國民主發展的重要里程碑。
An advertisement in the 23 and 26 Daily Post said the play would have a puppet play.
Paste appeared on that newspaper's list again in 2007.
新自由乘车者有许多不同的组织来组织，在南方继续斗争。
These allotropes are α-iron, aka ferrite, γ-iron, aka austenite, and δ-iron, which doesn’t have another name.
Clinical psychologists help people overcome mental health issues without the use of drugs.
Melting snow supplies water to a number of these until late April.
Masaldaki olağanüstü motifler gösterge olarak mitik düşüncenin uzantısıdır.
Their songs were featured in various media.
The acquisition of grammatical morphemes by adult ESL students.
Nez, şirkete %51 payla ortak oldu.
The most important isocanates in this context are toluene diisocyanate (TDI) and methylene diphenyl diisocyanate (MDI).
Buna karşılık olarak İngiltere de bu kıyıyı denizden veya karadan gelebilecek herhangi bir saldırıya karşı korumayı taahhüt etti.
上命殷正茂、陳瑞致仕，向鯨著司禮監挐問。
Spinosaurus (which means 'spiny lizard') was a huge semi-
It is a yellow or red solid.
In this genus the girdle is spiny or spiky.
The village is on the banks of Ponnaiyar River.
，生长于海拔500米的地区，常生长在山坡林中、河边或路旁，目前尚未由人工引种栽培。
Bahá'u'lláh had written that `Abdu'l-Bahá had special powers, and that God would make sure that if `Abdu'l-Bahá explained anything that Bahá'u'lláh said, then the Bahá'ís should believe that explanation.
流行設計系改名流行商品設計系。
They have sharp claws and a keen sense of smell.
，大致以東北—西南走向轉北北東—南南西走向經過五間厝地區東部邊界南段。
Mathers and Champtown later had relationship problems and their friendship ended in 1995.
体操运动员可以光脚或穿特殊的平衡木鞋。
In the 1990s and early 2000s, attacks were made on vans used to move.
France, traditional enemies, allied together in the Diplomatic Revolution of 1756 following the collapse of the Anglo-Austrian Alliance.
平均效应（加性方差）是遗传变异的主要成分，它是由于等位基因的加性作用产生的。
's Craig Harris criticizing the game's lack of a tutorial.
Her first album, Glorious Heights, was released in 2016.
It sold five million records worldwide.
Data was collected from all thirteen states (
'ın ikinci stüdyo albümü, 10 Haziran 2005'te yayınlandı.
While hiding in the rainforest, the small community would gather every night at the foot of a tree and pray.
He also wrote ten songs for Gwen McCrae.
The record label went bankrupt shortly thereafter.
On a piece of chalk.
Inspectors as part of the terms of UN Security Council Resolution 1441.
He won the NCAA National Championships in 1978 and 1979.
He called up the state militia to their districts for annual training.
Dark spots may disappear when they move too close to the equator or possibly through some other unknown way.
This weapon had been kept in the Liberty Arsenal until it was taken by pro-slavery forces in 1855. citation citation (The cannon would eventually be taken by free-staters later in 1856 during the Second Battle of Franklin.
冠龍體重約4噸，身長達10米長。
Operating systems in magenta run only on x86 processors.
為了區分電影中描繪的三種產品，丹尼·鮑伊和攝影師main採用了三種不同的電影格式：1984年時以main規格拍攝，
In 1998, he played all matches included World Cup.
Nispeten modern olan eşlik dikkat çekicidir.
Morton A.G. History of botanical science.
原本的歷史中是在洗錢幫的攻擊中受重傷身亡，但在竜也的努力改變歷史後而得救。
The official masks of the Carnival are Burlamacco and Ondina, drawn for the first time in 1930.
总面积79平方公里，总人口682人（2001年），人口密度9人/平方公里。
All the phones from OnePlus 3 and on also have diffrent options such as the T option and the Pro option.
Today, Speedminton is played all around the world.
Sobukwe, Orlando - Soweto’da bir polis karakoluna doğru yürüyüşe önderlik ederek açıkça yasaları ihlal ediyordu.
In the U.S., one guide, the "Red Book" has been produced annually since 1946.
The question was finally settled in 2002 by Grigori Perelman, a Russian mathematician, with methods from geometry, showing that it is indeed true.
After three days it turns an orange-brown color.
This group of five universities in Tokyo started in 2001.
Cash McCall is a 1960 American romantic drama movie directed by Joseph Pevney and based on the novel of the same name by Cameron Hawley.
Several of the singles featured an original demo version of the song.
Emerson thought about not being an actor and being a teacher instead, because it is a more stable job.
The college is located on the site of the former New Hall Inn.
Wear Nehri şehrin içinden geçerek kuzey yöne akar ve şehrin etrafında bir menderes yaparak şehrin üç yanından geçerek şehri bir yarımadaya dönüştürür.
He may drive up several ramps to find a parking space.
All national federations are members.
。2007年11月，部分地鐵站的垃圾桶上已經換上「請保持港鐵清潔」的字樣，且在上方「嚴禁吐痰 免生細菌」的告示已換上「違反港鐵附例罰款港幣5,000元」字樣，上面貼有小小的港鐵貼紙，
The country has seen over 10,000 confirmed cases.
Both parents will look after the fledglings.
Biggest settlement is the town of Veghel, also containing the town hall.
She forbids Pollyanna to participate.
Bir gram, kilogramın binde biri olduğu için gram-ağırlık da denilen bu kuvvet, bir kilogram-kuvvetin binde birine eşittir.
D. and D.Sc. from Hokkaido University.
There was a short gold rush, in 1848.
Year of the Gun is a 1991 political thriller movie directed by John Frankenheimer and based on the novel of the same name by Michael Mewshaw.
In that year he had the idea to let the students teach their peers in French.
Dwarves have never told other (non-dwarven) people their Khuzdûl names.
In 2004, the JFA organized a public contest to select a name for the team; and "Nadeshiko Japan" was chosen from among 2,000+ entries.
Average rainfall and snowfall is convert and convert respectively.
" adlı şarkısının klibini Kyle Newman ile birlikte yönetti.
In its infancy, the PLO was not associated with violence.
Charles Wilson, 1858 ile 1861 arasında bir dönem.
In 2020 he is working on a new film.
He also wrote that "even if someone were to prove to me that the truth lay outside Christ, I should choose to remain with Christ rather than with the truth".
His first work, the Bauernspiegel, appeared in 1837.
As the Genoese attempted to retreat, they were cut down by the French knights, who thought the withdrawal was cowardly.
，交由費玉清演唱的〈相思比夢長〉，
Of the 9,299 Nôm Ideographs, nearly half are specific to Vietnam.
At 15 years, he conquered the Torna Fort. The Chakan fort and the Kondana Fort were taken by bribing the Adil Shahi governor.
This means that the parties do not waste resources by opposing each other.
Then he entered military service and joined the 4th Independent Jaeger Infantry Battalion stationed at Kiviniemi.
Simms was the host of Style Network's Area.
Bir yıldan daha az süre Albion'da top koşturdu ve kulüpteki tek sezonunda 35 lig maçına çıkarken 10 gol atmayı başardı.
之後IPWF這個團體被日本職摔聯盟合併，但是值得一提的是，
PlayStation于2000年6月6日同时为日语和英语区玩家开启，同时公布的还有即将发行软件作品的新闻、访谈，以及墙纸 citation 。
This is why Gyeongju is often called "the museum without walls".
Gandhi was one of the most important people involved in the movement for the independence of India.
Locke flees the area, now needing to get the sailboat to the other island: he has lost his immortality when the light source was put out.
The magazine is published monthly.
Womack has won a number of music awards for her music and singing.
Ten characters are playable.
Music from Another Dimension!
Social cognitive theory states that humans can learn by observing how other people behave.
逆向拍賣（Reverse auction）也稱為荷蘭式拍賣、減價拍賣、反向拍賣、出價（bidding）或招標（tendering）系統，
八、鬼法界，犯下品五逆十惡，受飢渴苦之惡鬼神境界也。
尼瓦及後圍攻菲利普波利斯，經過長時間的對峙後成功攻陷菲利普波利斯，屠殺了十萬人，又帶走了許多俘虜 citation 。
In 1992 a Dutch movie with the same title (English version: For a Lost Soldier) was based on it.
There are four main species of albatross: Great Albatrosses, North Pacific Albatrosses, Mollymawks and Sooty Albatrosses.
一个组织不能在希迈中被认证（certified）；替代地，组织是被评价（appraised）。
In this program, the weapons would be altered to fire the German submachine gun bullet.
Vivan is Ananya's long-lost brother, and their biological mother Devaki, the former queen of the Dark Realm.
The European Commission has given Glybera marketing authorisation, which means it can be sold throughout the EU.
Different accessories are available to improve the security or increase the hardness of handcuffs.
Psychopaths cannot give or receive love and have lost the ability to feel it.
It is run by Translink, and they also run buses such as Ulsterbus and buses in Belfast called Metro.
This name might be the meaning of the word Gundaroo.
Plüton kendi ekseni etrafında 6,39 dünya gününde döner.
It mainly focuses on the period from 1600 to 1900.
The word clinic comes from the Greek word klinein, which means to put something at an angle, or to lie down.
Dragon capsules, as well as farings, are also being reused.
Philanthropy is doing something for the public good to improve other people's lives.
It is the only one of the twelve proposed amendments that has not been adopted, as it has not been ratified by enough states for it to become part of the Constitution.
The 2019 Samoa measles outbreak began in September 2019.
，阿变为议会共和国，于1998年确立新的宪法。
His family becomes ashamed of him and they stop looking after him so that he slowly dies.
Nevertheless, he displayed his abilities and potentials to the all of coaches in the Dodgers.
He had some unusual effects in his music such as the crossing of hands as they leap wildly from one end of the keyboard to another.
To retain some of the character of the old circuit, the slow chicane at Acqua Minerale was eliminated.
He released his debut album, 17, on August 25, 2017.
After the first non-racial elections in South Africa, Goldberg founded the development organisation Community H.E.A.R.T. in London in 1995 to help to improve the living standards of black South Africans.
Among these groups were Greeks, Kurds, Armenians, and many more.
It is a volleyball women’s club.
After the group was disbanded in 1971, Hayashi became an actor for different companies.
She is married to Joseph Daley.
They pull several scams along the river.
Manned torpedoes attack Allied shipping.
But the atria do systole before the ventricles.
This is a list of social networks.
Altogether he scored 1006 goals in 756 matches.
現在有些知名人物亦會到公眾場合團拜，
After Hardy had stopped Kozlov from being able to beat his brother's time in the Beat the Clock Sprint, Kozlov would gain revenge in the following weeks on SmackDown and ECW by assaulting Hardy, finally challenging him to a match, in which Hardy accepted.
The egg strings may have 3,000 to 6,000 eggs and be convert in length.
According to superstition, death watches are a sign of impending death.
拉菲克提议将该日期定为2月21日，
Males had a median income of $20,417 versus $18,750 for females.
They are growing on a steep, rocky, hillside.
当雌性产生雄性剪接的基因产物，它们的行为就与雄性无异。
In the meantime, Anne and King Henry were becoming more and more impatient.
Around a quarter of Fellows live outside the UK.
It was made up of three seasons, each containing four months.
在不是颱風的季節裡，東京市被一千年才出現一次的奇異颱風給包圍住，而在颱風裡頭出現了由妖怪皇帝率領的妖怪軍團。
Pitchfork gave the album a score of 8.5 out of 10. citation In 2002 she released You're A Big Girl Now.
Loganathan taught an Advanced Hydrology class in Norris Hall's Room 206. On April 16, 2007, Cho entered Norris 206 and opened fire.
Since its creation, and second to the Order of the Golden Fleece, it has been the most distinguished civil award that can be given in Spain.
He didn’t enter the draft he was just randomly picked.
The M256 122mm has 1.5 times the range and 1.7 times stronger fire power than the older gun.
From 1985 to 1989 he was Principal Conductor of the Bournemouth Sinfonietta.
Klein and Holmes were engaged in late 2003.
The slowest cars from the pre-qualifying session were listed in race results as Did Not Pre-Qualify (DNPQ).
When Chell enters the portal in the floor and exits the portal in the wall, she will fall, gaining speed.
They are found on the first two segments of the head.
Their stomachs are divided into three to four sections.
Macquarie believed that the best way to treat Aboriginal people was to civilise them.
In 1989 Love began Hole.
Film Rotten Tomatoes'un en iyi yorumlar alan 50 korku filmi listesindedir.
Substitutions are unlimited, and the maximum number of subs is 9. Players who break the rules can get yellow or red cards.
There are modern facilities in Wonsan Harbor, which accounts for 4% of Gangwon's freight traffic.
He is freed from prison after 19 years and he wanders through France until the Bishop takes him in for the night.
There has been horse racing in Doncaster for over 500 years.
He also learned how to fight.
In 1994, he started his own telecommunications company, The Communications Company, Inc., citation providing telecommunications to local businesses.
Britain changed the name to the Tanganyika Territory.
The girls returned in January and February 2009 on their Just Got Paid, Let's Get Laid tour, which sold out every date.
Böylece, liste tarihinde bir yılda zirveye yükselen dört şarkıda birden adı geçen ilk kadın şarkıcı oldu.
At the World Cup, wehere he played for the 7th time, he reached the quarterfinals again.
Rosé wine is made by leaving red grapes in skin contact for a very short time.
Köy, Kafkasya'dan göç etmiş abhaz aileler tarafından kurulmuştur.
Some people or organizations have many addresses of different people.
Axes could be modified into throwing weapons as well (see the francisca for an example).
Yine bazı mantarlar Kuzey Amerika yerlileri ve Çinliler tarafından tıbbî amaçla kullanılmışlardır.
In late 1949, Hearst sent a telegram to all Hearst editors: "Puff Graham."
Mozart was a brilliant pianist and he wrote most of them for himself to perform.
为了适应大工作量的医院检验，现在大多数检验科现在都高度自动化了。
Japan lost four fleet carriers at Midway, which made Japan start to lose the Pacific War.
The image below called Truth shows this pose.
Socks the cat at the podium in the White House Press Briefing Room.
Bu sonuç, ülkenin o ana kadar oyunlarda aldığı en başarılı sonuçtu.
The First Battle of El Alamein had stopped the Axis from attacking deep into Egypt further.
战后，随着客流量的增长，巴黎地铁迫切需要改进列车的加速和刹车性能来提高运行效率，于是，
SRAM can also be faster than DRAM.
M41從1960年代起在中華民國陸軍中一直擔任裝甲部隊中「量」的主力，直到1990年代後期大部分退役。
，逐漸集結北九州各地豪族、國人的兵力至約五萬，統虎實父紹運於12日在岩屋城以約八百人抵擋了島津聯軍約五萬兵力的攻勢，使其損傷了四千五百多人以及許多大將，拖延了近兩星期後，於27日終於全軍壯烈犧牲，28日統虎之弟統增鎮守的寶滿城也被迫開城，島津軍在處理筑紫、高橋兩家的人質後於8月1日準備圍攻立花山城，統虎則徹底抗戰，積極的出城使出游擊戰術，
Garcia got 44.3% of the vote.
This causes the pituitary gland to release LH, which also peaks at this time.
World Wide Wrestling Federation became the World Wrestling Federation in March 1979.
甫齡六十，以正光三年二月廿二」日終於治所。
She recorded the production of it into a movie called "The story of Ellipse: Everything in between".
Courtesy of U.S. Coast Guard Historian’s office.
On August 7, 2009, the airline received its Air Operator Certificate (AOC) from Peru's aviation authority.
It was by Miramax.
This is sometimes called the Old Southern Chinese.
》中，二人也有個特別的時刻，是彼得潘和長大後的溫蒂在溫蒂離開夢幻島多年後第一次見面，也是他們最後一次說再見。
Continuing in this manner, there will always be some small distance remaining, and the goal would never actually be reached.
In 1696, Willem de Vlamingh thought they were rats and named the island "Rottenest", Dutch for "rat nest".
These are parts of the text, where both Matthew and Luke agree, but where Mark does not.
至鸿茅古镇，见沃川雁翔草异，遂安居。
The number of elements in a group is called the group's order.
Kim Jong-il enacted a new policy of "Songun", or "military-first", which turned the country into a military state.
In the machine, there are sensors.
The cruel birth of Bangladesh: Memoirs of an American diplomat.
; died 29 November 1530) was an English statesman and archbishop.
Parma was named after Parma, New York and the city was largely agricultural in the 19th century.
When there is a net outside force on an object, its velocity (speed and direction of motion) will change.
The anime won many awards.
虽然阿莫里乌姆的名字出现在18或19世纪的很多地图上，其真实位置却长期无人知晓。1739年，其由main重新发现，但是首次拜访这里的西方学者却是英国地理学家main（1836年）。
化了装的表演者足踩三四尺高的木跷，手执扇子，进行有节奏的舞动,趣味盎然。
The outcome corresponding to the chosen action are uncertain, but the probabilities associated with each outcome is known.
He was the fourth of six children.
In December 2004, he died due to the disease at age 94.
Granada still celebrates the 2nd of January.
He was most famous for his work in Canard Enchaîné.
Partinin Genel Başkanı Zeki Kılıçaslan, 2010 yılında partiden ayrılarak HAS Partiye katılmış, ardından parti yeniden ilk ismi olan İşçi Kardeşliği Partisi (İKP) adını almış ve Genel Başkanlığına da Şadi Ozansü getirilmiştir.
Since the mid-1990s she has been retired from the stage, officially retired from the Swedish Royal Opera since 1979.
Rapier started being developed in 1961.
There are also medium and long waves.
Alloyed gold is harder than pure gold and so more suitable for applications such as jewellery.
Fourteen-foot-high (4.3 m) steel trusses were added on both sides of the deck in 1943.
Together, they form the Clementi Integrated Transport Hub (ITH).
A History of Western Music, 6th ed. New York: Norton, 2001.
The public side is roughly 9,000 acres (36 km²), while the private side is roughly 4,000 acres (16 km²).
一旦不能逃走，它们会用后肢站立，使它们看起来体积更大，并用它们锋利的前爪进行自卫。
The constitution was accepted by the British parliament and self government began in 1843.
A wet climate is required for the harvest of the bing cherry.
When he was born, his name was Patrick Collumb.
İlk zamanlar gazeteye D. Bünyadzade editörlük yapıyordu Gazetenin yayını Mayıs 1920'ye kadar devam etti.
Homer, karısının oyunculuk arayışlarına çok az destek sunar ve Marge, oyunun boorish erkek karakteri olan Stanley Kowalski arasındaki paralellikleri görmeye başlar.
Sometimes, the Einsatzgruppen would kill only a few people at once.
The district is part of the Lusatia region.
Ancak Rusçanın bölgedeki önemi güncelliğini korumaktadır.
On 7 September he went to Paul's Wharf and saw the ruins of St Paul's Cathedral, of his old school and of his father's house.
同行的兩名友人成功逃脫，但男生卻遭人圍毆重傷，送院搶救至翌日不治。
Kamondi died on 17 March 2016 at the age of 55.
Sistem ve Yazılım Mühendisliği Merkezi'nin kurucu direktörüdür.
They denied the existence of substantial matter and proposed that movement consisted of momentary flashes of a stream of energy.
It is called Zuid-Holland in Dutch.
He left in 2001, after the single "Wolf at the Door" because of musical differences with Rice-Oxley.
During the same year, the group also participated in the SMTown Live World Tour III where they presented "Twinkle", as well as a special performance by Usher who sang the song "DJ Got Us Fallin 'In Love" with EXO.
Francesca Gherardi; David M. Holdich (Rotterdam, Netherlands: A.A. Balkema, 1999), p. 119 But wild yabby populations remain strong, and have expanded into new habitats created by reservoirs and farm dams.
職業生涯已獲得的混合双打冠軍如下：
İlk üç sınıf eski Namık Kemal İlkokulu binasında eğitim etkinliğini sürdürürken, diğer beş sınıf eski ortaokul binasında eğitim sürdürülmektedir.
National Express operated the ScotRail franchise from March 1997 until October 2004.
They can live for about 70 years.
Most Pacer trains were put out of use in 2020.
Mansfield was born into a middle class family in Wellington.
Some paradigms can be found in both imperative and declarative languages.
Overall, frogs are a successful and widespread group.
几乎在同一时间，访问团成員中的香港基督教协进会的张喣群和执行委员莫树恩也发表了一篇文章，标题为“东阳义乌事件的另一面”，附和林汝升在《景风》里的说法。
Many sources say that Qusay was clearly Saddam's favorite son.
She played Prudence Everett in Nanny and the Professor.
The weight of the fuel tanks that were filled by water also pulled it down.
Fisher died in Regina on September 22, 2017 at the age of 90.
，沒有在北美洲南部發現化石，這可能代表白堊紀晚期的北美洲恐龍相有高度地域性，同屬恐龍可能只生存於特定範圍地區 （英文） Lehman, T. M., 2001, Late Cretaceous dinosaur provinciality: In: Mesozoic Vertebrate Life, edited by Tanke, D. H., and Carpenter, K., Indiana University Press, pp.
Lung tumors can be cancer that has spread to the lungs coming from a different part of the body.
一年中中秋汛势最大，是观潮最佳窗口，如东民间有“八月十六赛马跑”之说。
Giroud was a comics writer.
Possession of a valid visa is a condition for entry into many countries, however various exemption schemes do exist.
、而402號公路則於1972-82年間陸續東延至倫敦 citation citation 。
正光初，以兼散騎常侍為副使，從陸希道使迎蠕蠕主還國。
Vahşi ve gaddar Alanlıların kumandanı Kostok kanlı savaşlardan sonra Hunlara baş eğerek ülkesini terk etmiş, Alan ülkesi ise soylu kumandan Altar'ın idare ettiği bir uç beyliği haline gelmişti.
，能夠呈現逼真的物理效果，例如重物落下、空桶在水中浮起、
Kanatlarının uçlarındaki siyahlıkarı parmak, kanatlarını kol gibi kullanır.
In 1985 he was awarded the Grand Prix du Théâtre de l’Académie Française.
Its calcium (Ca) and magnesium (Mg)ions may be a dietary supplement for some.
Left orbicularis oculi, seen from behind.
She performed a slower version of "Como La Flor" and calmed everyone down.
Linda Thomas-Greenfield (born November 22, 1952) is an American diplomat.
He was the Nathaniel Ropes Professor of Political Economy at Harvard.
´s healthcare workers in April 2020 amidst the COVID-19 panic.
Modern dance has evolved continually.
Users could buy printers to attach to the terminals.
She first went to French-speaking schools.
After that, other carom games became more popular.
The first house in Alma was built in 1867.
He received the second-highest vote total to be added.
，河道全長16公里，流域面積62.
雖然他們可以像一般主教般調動人事、教區發展 ，他們的權限都受到一定限制，如不能出售教區地產等。
In 2014 he assumed the management of Diario UNO, previously called "La Primera", and resigned in September 2018 due to lack of payments.
Lucile Jarvis (née Howard; June 24, 1917 – January 26, 2020) was an American television producer.
The Cardinals' right to wear the red biretta was granted by Paul II.
By measuring the properties from a star's spectrum, the position of a main sequence star on the H-R diagram can be found.
為了照顧作為人間國寶能樂師的父親壽三郎而退役，也因此捲入遺產繼承問題的鬥爭當中。
It was built between 1963 and 1965.
You will be able to judge my prediction".
The battle started early in the morning on July 21st.
It is on the Northeast Corridor.
Osmanlı mimarisine ait ilk kayda değer uygulamalar İznik şehrinde inşa edildi.
In some countries, this person is called the foreign minister, but in other countries the person has another title.
The male-causing sperm end up at the top of the plug of sperm in the test-tube.
Bu kardeşlerden Calvin Lee, şehre soyadlarından yola çıkarak Leesburg adını verdi.
Original, performance, and published documents are assessments of these goals have long been part of a Village School student's academic history.
樂譜從單聲部逐漸增加到多聲部的分譜，亦開始有不同節奏的標記。
; 第3集 「滿口謊言的女人」
He also said that the Syrian army had given up all its chemical weapons in 2013.
牵引电动机通风机、平波电抗器通风机、
Lake Buena Vista is within Orange County Public Schools.
History of the chelsea Waterworks.
：位於日本富山縣高岡市，由西日本旅客鐵道及愛之風富山鐵道共同經營的鐵路車站。
A roll is when fat bunches up and stays in a part of a donkey's body, and they usually happen on its neck or its hip. citation If they develop on the donkey, it will usually stay for its whole life.
The guillotine became the only legal way to execute someone in France.
不過，第一輪中，「應援指數排行榜」排名最尾的選手在選擇對手時不再有主動選擇權，而改為隨機抽取。
Science and Civilization in China: Volume 4, Physics and Physical Technology, Part 3, Civil Engineering and Nautics.
During the concert, as usual, he was wearing white clothing with his name printed on it.
Many of its early buildings were designed by Myron Hunt.
Ertesi Raw'da diğer facelerle beraber Shield ile 11 vs 3 maçı yaptılar.
They picked him straight to the national camp for under-19.
This was the custom that first winter of 1620–1621.
Yost's success in the agriculture industry led to multiple awards and accolades.
Historians now think that many of the actions thought to have been carried out by Kate, was really gang member Steve Hart in a dress.
The word derives from the Greek πολυδίψιος (poludípsios) "very thirsty", which is gotten from πολύς (polús, "much, many") + δίψα (dípsa, "thirst").
In Solar System formation and evolution, ASP Conference Series.
A total of 158 were killed, and more than 1,000 others were injured.
She also performed in the series "Dziki" (2004r.) and in its sequel "Dziki 2. Pojedynek" (2005r.).
"Waitangi" is a Māori-language name meaning "weeping waters".
Since 2010, all stations have smartphone-like 46-inch touchscreen kiosks so passengers can look at maps, make free phone calls, and find tourist information.
Both structures are now individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
In 1996, he finished third in the men's Class 10 singles event.
At this time TF17 had 117 planes, including 31 fighters, 65 dive bombers, and 21 torpedo planes (Lundstrom 2006, p. 183) Eight SBDs were told to look for submarines, and 16 fighters, eight from each ship, to the CAP (Lundstrom 2006, p. 183).
以前的少女時光類似鐵達尼號，歌喉曾被賞識，得到日本歌唱比賽冠軍。
Parties were held once a month with a different theme every time.
“旭日小绶章”，表彰他在日本业界的贡献。
He made a comeback, however, and won the middleweight title again in 1955.
In the study of transport phenomena (
Ornaments would mar our union; they would come between thee and me; their jingling would drown thy whispers."
Work on why structures fail or break down is very important to engineering.
They were not involved in public life or politics.
Afterwards there was no documentation until the end of the 13th century when it became part of the restrict of Speyer.
He was forced to leave the band that year by the vocalist Dennis Wilcock, but returned months later.
总面积46平方公里，总人口5202人（2001年），人口密度113人/平方公里。
Some of them are the earliest Christian documents.
For this, Titus was awarded a Roman triumph.
Existence of globally attracting fixed points of viscous Burgers equation with constant forcing.
The perception of having a large penis is linked to higher self-esteem.
Leeteuk, neden Donghae’ye bir hayaletin musallat olduğunu öğrenmek için profesyonel bir yardım almaları gerektiğini önerir.
Today there are translations into more than 300 languages and dialects.
Three men in camp were killed.
In the center of the island is the Caldera de Taburiente National Park; one of four national parks in the Canary Islands.
In 2003 Dr Phil started selling weight loss products.
此定义于如下来源提及：Bauer 2002, Cesarani 2004, Dawidowicz 1981, Evans 2002, Gilbert 1986, Hilberg 1996, Longerich 2012, Phayer 2000, Zuccotti 1999.
Its last stop is at the VA Medical Center in Jamaica Plain.
There are 7 urban communities and 102 rural communities.
Ashanti has starred in several movies.
，同年5月演唱會Marc Fischer找來歌舞雙才的凡妮莎·梅入替新主唱一職。
小行星3541（3541 Graham）
He had the position of Minister of Natural Resources.
The railway they use is called S-banen (The S-track).
Four more policemen rode on horses in front and behind the coach.
It also says that there are only two ways for a person to be convicted of treason.
The "Emu in the sky" constellation.
肯尼迪总统的弟弟美国国会议员爱德华·肯尼迪还将1962年潘基文在白宫与其它学生代表聆听肯尼迪总统讲话的照片做成礼物送给潘基文，祝贺他的当选 : 42 。
In 2013, French Professor Alain Carpentier created the first 100% artificial heart, using biomaterials and electronic sensors.
Holbrook met Carter on the set of The Killing of Randy Webster in 1980.
The game has 256 stages.
實際上可以說在這情形下民主形同失敗的狀態或止於起步階段，可能會由政府宣告禁止執政黨外的政黨活動，經常在革命和戰爭時期發生的。
It blocks the penetration of sunlight and air, thus reducing oxygen.
You don't see pictures of me falling out of a club drunk.
各州辉格党组织举办代表大会或党团会议推举总统候选人，
TV Guide: The Honduran T.V. series makes cameos for two unusual characters in Hollywood.
There, she likes to play with her friends, or collect flowers.
This category is for policies that are disputed.
Its lyrics are about a woman being controlled by her partner who will not let her be free of her own emotions.
Oz Vessalius is the future Duke family.
Today, goods are usually only unloaded at big stations.
She ended her campaign on March 2, 2020 after losing the first four Democratic primary contests.
The Trial and The Castle.
They can then buy their fresh food outside of the store.
普萊斯為球隊拿下19勝的成績，創下當時隊史單季投手最多勝的紀錄（2012年被普萊斯自己以20勝超越，
It is very close to the San Jose International Airport.
It was a major work of marine ecology.
The potassium hydroxide or potassium chloride has to be melted at a very high temperature.
Törni met and fell in love with a Swedish Finn, Marja Kops.
He made his choices based on who he thought were the best living footballers in the world.
Barter is a simple form of payment.
Now, only a few people speak the language.
In 1988 it had been recorded that AMC had 39 million subscribers in the United States, making it one of the most subscribed to premium channels.
The order of Poor Clares was an order that had strict rules, such as silence vows, poverty, and strict fasting.
The campaign was very competitive.
For example, a joke that says that "honest politician" is an oxymoron.
，中国历史学家和哲学家（1918年出生）
Ortada bulunan çapraz tonozlu odaya açılan ve şebeke dökme demir kapısının iki tarafında kare şeklinde kubbeli birer türbe odası bulunmaktadır.
Zincir (Kette) ise rozetten bağımsız biçimde boyna dolanıyordu.
He wants to know if 100 cameras will be enough for him to make sure that each painting can be seen by at least one camera.
Reports stated that Leonard was recovering from the stroke.
、膨润土、珍珠岩等20余种矿产资源，而奇台（准东煤田）的煤炭资源，煤炭资源储量达到惊人的2808亿吨，成为名符其实的中国煤炭储量第一大县，远超因煤炭开发而暴富的陕西神木县（500亿吨）、府谷县（200亿吨）和内蒙古鄂尔多斯市（1696亿吨），花岗岩储量也相当可观，预测储量达30亿立方米。
The style of burials is same as described in classical Tamil literature.
这场骚乱发生和蔓延速度之快让当局大为吃惊.
In 21 years as an NFL head coach, Schottenheimer won 200 regular season games and 5 out of 18 games in the postseason.
's birth date alone, without an indication of who he was.
It was probably based on some foreign works.
Bari died from her injuries.
Genç bir erkek, ya diğer erkek kaplanlardan yoksun bir bölge arayarak ya da yeterince büyüyüp yerleşik erkeğe meydan okuyacak kadar güçlü olana kadar, başka bir erkeğin bölgesinde geçici olarak yaşayarak toprak edinir.
Superconductors are different from ordinary conductors, even very good ones.
，而黃氏為該校上午校鄰班的同學 。
He was a host for Sports Extra teaming up with Lee Leonard.
）许多观众，特别是那些俄克拉何马城的观众感觉这个问题表现出记者对于事件的麻木不仁。
As of 2014, the engine was upgraded to a 6.4L Hemi. citation The 2014 RAM 2500 Power Wagon got coil springs at all four corners.
Retrieved on July 26, 2008.
Bradley's Neurology in clinical practice: the neurological disorders.
The counties were all established before the Declaration of Independence.
There were also Eelam Wars I and II before this conflict and Eelam war IV afterwards.
The Riverside was chosen to host the Euro 2004 qualifying match against Slovakia on 11 June 2003.
One of these people is Mayor Shinn, who owns the pool hall that Hill blames for the serious trouble River City is in. The other is music teach and librarian Marian Paroo.
Tyler agreed to this arrangement, and to this day all carriages on the Talyllyn have doors on one side only, an unusual feature for a public railway.
Pilate was the Roman governor.
Birçok Ermeni örgütü, planlanan Ermeni Lejyonu altında çeşitli taburların oluşturulması için katkı sözü verdi.
The album was released on April 27, 1971.
One World Trade Center on June 1, 2011.
One wire is the positive one, and the other the negative.
Parents knew many of their children would not survive.
Interestingly though, the conservative Therans, did not follow the cultural development of their counterparts in the other Cycladic islands.
Alpine tundra is very cold with summer temperatures on average below 10 °C.
曼達洛人進入囚禁格羅古的房間，發現吉迪恩使用暗劍綁架格羅古，他提議曼達洛人可以帶著格羅古離開艦船，但是以後不能再干預他做事。
The city's name is French for three rivers.
The adjective is still describing the noun though they are not side by side.
Messiaen called it the first mode of transposition.
Hurricane Barry was the fourth recorded storm to make landfall at hurricane strength on the state of Louisiana in the month of July, the others being Bob in 1979, Danny in 1997, and Cindy in 2005.
Madencilik konusunda Türkiye denizlerindeki ilk doğal gaz yatağı, TPAO tarafında Kuzey Marmara sahasında 1,200 m derinlikte Kuzey Marmara-1 kuyusunun 1988 yılındaki sondajı ile bulunmuştur.
In the press conference after the race, Schumacher said that he "couldn't feel satisfied, couldn't feel happy" with his win following the events that had happened during the race weekend.
The sometimes go out at night to hunt.
He demolished the existing buildings within the walls of the old castle, and used a tower and underground passages, remains from the 13th century as the basis of his building.
Corsica is the only metropolitan division in France which is a collectivité territoriale.
They were never used that way, however.
The person that won his case got to have the feather of Ma’at.
The opera is the first important German Romantic opera, Boyden, p. 339: "The German Romantic opera really began with Der Freischütz of Carl Maria von Weber (1786-1826).
》旋律上大致相同（芬蘭國歌每段的第3句到第6句要重複一次，而愛沙尼亞國歌則不用）。
Marvel has featured Spider-Man in several comic book series such as The Amazing Spider-Man, Spectacular Spider-Man and Sensational Spider-Man over the years.
There was a channel of water called Brading Haven, which separated the two islands.
About 75,000 convicts were sent to Van Diemen's Land, approximately 40% of all convicts sent to Australia.
Other musicians that were on stage with him were Lisa Germano, Sebastian Steinberg (Soul Coughing), Ed O'Brien and Phil Selway (
Orbán was Prime Minister from 1998 to 2002, and was elected again in 2010.
Her career began at the Belgrade Opera in 1954.
He is also founder of the National Rally of Independents.
After the family is made, the player can move them into a lot.
They have a long body with an extended tail with a sting.
In the essay, Diderot talked about a robe he used to wear in the bathroom: The old robe was a little shabby, but useful.
Buck and her family lived in Nanjing from 1920 to 1933.
Scientists have only seen it in the headwaters of the Wapoga River.
It featured a husband, a wife, a son, and their live-in niece.
翌年，沈鴻英開始同新桂系作战，逐渐处于下风。
Underwater volcano is Earth's biggest: Tamu Massif rivals the size of Olympus Mons on Mars.
He learned the violin from his father and the piano from local teachers, but he soon played better than his teachers.
This category has articles on people who died in the year 879.
People saw him as a new light of democracy and reform.
Temples were also economic centers.
But Wulfhere was the supreme authority in southern England for several years before his death.
著有皇極釋義、禮記拾遺、周禮考誤、春秋傳義、孝經刋誤、南湖文錄諸書。
They also prohibited large-scale public gatherings of more than 1,000 people.
The barn-owls' main characteristic is the heart-shaped facial disc, formed by stiff feathers.
Because of this rocket, other countries stopped helping North Korea, even though the government invited other countries to see the rocket launch to make it seem like the North Koreans had nothing to hide from other countries.
Kansas increases in elevation from east to west.
Four of these went on to have further progeny.
此外，泽塔还是爱丽丝之后唯一的跨年大西洋风暴。
However, Ford was not Nixon's first choice.
However, this drawback can also be viewed as a safety feature, as the gun is safer against accidental discharges from being dropped.
He is mainly known for the Church music he wrote.
，在Spotlight直接打數學方程式，Spotlight就會立即顯示計算結果；打英文單字，便可出現定義。
He was born in Saint-Cloud, Hauts-de-Seine, and died in Saint-Chéron, Essonne.
Augustus orduyu daha etkili hale getirdiği gibi askerlerin ödemelerini de düzene soktu.
Anabaptists in 1693 led by Jakob Ammann.sfncheck Those who followed Ammann became known as Amish.sfncheck In the second half of the 19th century, the Amish divided into Old Order Amish and Amish Mennonites.
The church is closed since 1999.
，滥用职权之便，持续高消费和出手阔气，行贿走后门之风弥漫，
They said that it will be released on July 13, 2012.
A grass roof produces oxygen and makes life possible.
After the war he spent ten years in Soviet prison camps.
最高峰北台顶，海拔3058米。
Most of those churches are Catholic.
Although people sometimes think of classical music as the opposite of pop music, it can still be very popular.
It was released on August 20, 2007.
He helps him on his destructive tasks he has accidentally done to Retroville.
It is almost certainly not the last painting of his life.
She played Esme Cullen in the Twilight movies.
The band was formed in 2005 by band members and neighbours at the time; Tyler Glenn and Chris Allen.
At least fifty churches are of Anglo-Saxon origin.
He is the only cricketer to score a century and take a five-
The French leader was Louis de Montcalm, and the British leader was James Wolfe.
The Marco Polo sheep is particularly known for its long horns.
The distance between finger holes would be the width of a thumb.
Sarah-Sofie Boussnina (d. 28 Aralık 1990), The Bridge ve 1864 dizileriyle bilinen Danimarkalı oyuncu.
Suffrage can also apply to states themselves.
Plath published her first poem here, when she was eight.
Her gün gelen izleyiciler en iyi izleme yerlerini öğrenirler.
Brophy has spent most of his career in minor professional leagues, including 18 years as a player in the Eastern Hockey League and 13 seasons as a coach in the East Coast Hockey League.
The actual Enumeration shall be made within three Years after the first Meeting of the Congress of the United States, and within every subsequent Term of ten Years, in such Manner as they shall by Law direct.
，2000年4月26日於日本發售。
It was nominated for 1 Oscar and 6 Razzies in 1982 and was remake in 2014.
The Pont-Saint-Esprit bridge originally had 20 arches.
Therefore, when one dreams, the unconscious makes an effort to deal with any conflict.
Doktorun önerisini uygulayıp, bundan sonra sigara içmeyeceğim” dedi.
According to official Egyptian sources, and the CIA World factbook, between five an ten percent of Egyptians are Christians.
The population of the city was said to be 30,291 in 2018 by the U.S. Census Bureau.
Xinjiang sits at the heart of the Silk Road in China.
Belediyesi'nden ayrıldığından bu yana, kendi belediyesi olan bir şehir durumundadır.
Overstatement is another word that means almost the same thing.
This is an official statement or account of a news story that is specially written for newspapers and other news media for them to make known to the public.
The site is extremely well put together.
用多余木材建造粮仓，在古渭、冀城大量囤积谷物。
They raised their children Shikadai Nara, Chocho Akimichi, and Inojin Yamanaka to be the next "Ino-Shika-Cho" group.
不幸的是，母公司CIRIO突然陷入財政危機，拉素后来幾季都受到財政困擾，大量優良球員被賣走，只能引進一些二、三線球員，于是聯賽成績平平，幾乎只是「陪跑」角色。
名称来自突厥语的“盐碱地”一词。
黨内隨後湧現反對布拉肯領導的呼聲；他最後於1948年辭任黨魁 。
"Integer" is another word for "whole".
He had to agree to say this so that he would be allowed to carry on composing.
Normally, many people travel to this area to fish for fun.
As the heavier plate descends, the long, narrow feature caused is called the "subduction zone".
An example of a soy milk maker.
These young men filled the ranks of armies and joined ship's crews to go on adventures.
以上渡輪均被納入長者及合資格殘疾人士公共交通票價優惠計劃。
The PAPI creates ray of light which gives pilot information about his actual height.
If firing a shotgun or rifle, press it firmly against the shoulder and press your cheek on the gunstock.
Böylece rüzgâr kolay kolay içeri giremez.
在無特別指明的情況下，天氣通常指的是地球上的天氣。
Although Soviet aid to Bangladesh was still small compared with assistance from Japan, the United States, or even China, by 1987 Bangladesh had entered into sixteen different economic accords with the Soviet Union.
After reading many reports about the poor treatment of sick and injured soldiers, she travelled to Crimea to see for herself and discovered the hospitals were crowded and dirty.
She was also teatcher in declamation there.
Many shrimp species are caught to be eaten.
李維死後，梅爾曼受重傷倒地；尼克在接近他時，梅爾曼手持空槍作勢開槍，迫使尼克槍殺了他。
Any deliberate violation of the Laws of Chess.
Adelkhani achieved the UEFA Pro Licence, the first Iranian to do so.
In winter the temperatures are between 1.5º Celsius and 15º Celsius.
In 2010, the town hosted the 50th Hessentag state festival.
The Capetians: Kings of France, 987-1328 (London; New York: Hambledon Continuum, 2007), p. 91 When he returned he built a new monastery.
For instance, an artist could release one track from an album or one chapter from a book at a time instead of waiting for them all to be completed.
This period started in November 1854 and ended in March 1860.
Yukito Higaki, president of owners Shoei Kisen, reported that the ship did not appear to be damaged, saying "The ship is not taking water.
另外一旦玩家的其中一隻角色到達20級，「Source Crystals」可以讓其他角色升級到最高級 。
The foundation's positioning is based on the idea of supporting and popularizing projects in the field of culture and art.
这次袭击的背景今天不明，但是波列斯瓦夫与亨利二世交恶。
She won three trophies with Olympique Lyon.
The US needed to get more soldiers because Peraite was difficult to stop.
A syndicated program can also be a program that was not made for a television network.
On 28–29 November, another system developed and arrived over Tamil Nadu on 30 November, bringing additional rain and flooding.
当时富川从事第二产业之人口比例超过八成，
កម្ពុជា Tung-Cheat, "National flag") was created in 1993.
Instead he led his troops, who must have been waiting close by, in attacks on surrounding Roman garrisons.
He finished his playing career with the Wichita Thunder of the CHL, having returned to North America following four seasons on the United Kingdom.
He was the chief justice of the Bangladesh Supreme Court from March 31 to June 23, 1996.
The first video game ever is often said to be Tennis for Two, citation a rudimentary tennis game to be played with two people developed in 1958.
，太祖年僅三十四歲，正值壯年，根本不會聯想到死亡；退一步說，就算太祖立刻死亡，
In the late 1960s, he appeared regularly on the west side of Chicago with guitarists Eddie Taylor and Royal Johnson, playing both harmonica and bass.
Frieza can manipulate this ball as much as he wants, but it explodes as soon as it touches any surface other than Frieza himself.
It is in a town called Speedway, which is completely surrounded by Indianapolis.
Percy Jackson and his friends encountered the Sphinx while navigating the labyrinth.
They are the second largest order of mammals: there are more than 1,200 species of bats.
如果刀尖有足够强度，那这把刀可懂生作防卫武器。
Monsters can be attacked by clicking on them when the player is close to them.
新生訓練自我介紹時，他就強調未來的志願就是「
Apart from the Rocky movies, Stallone did many other movies in the late 1970s and early 1980s which were critically acclaimed but were not successful at the box office.
From September 1939 a more easterly Main Defence Line (MDL) was built.
This is the same as £1.05 in modern money.
At the start, Saccharin was marketed in boxes such as this one.
塞爾希培州的一座城市，是巴西國內歷史第四久的城市。
He says God will punish the Assyrians because of "their cruelty" (Nahum 3:19).
Maggie got many awards for her 2002 movie Secretary.
The Cooper Corporation, the M and M Company, and The Falls Rubber company merged in 1930 to form the Master Tire and Rubber Company.
However, his efforts failed and the revolt was met with a harsh Macedonian reaction.
The name was changed twice before 2011, when it became Disney Television Animation.
When the US decided to invade Iwo Jima, experts thought it would be captured in one week, but hundreds of tons of Allied bombs had not harmed the entrenched Japanese defenders.
This meant that Jane would become Frances and Dudley's puppet and do what they wanted.
The Peterson Field Guide Series ®.
Also, the Pascal unit was named after him.
Norristown has a population of 34,324 as of the 2010 U.S. Census.
Operation Amsterdam is a 1959 British World War II action movie directed by Michael McCarthy and was based on the novel Adventures in Diamonds by David E. Walker.
She is the Fairy of the Shining Sun and has blonde hair.
It has its own mayor named Robert Brady.
By law, there are several rules put in place to protect people involved in scientific research from harm.
Also the land was big, so there were many farms.
Berge and Brundtland formed a band with Kolbjørn Lyslo and Gaute Barlindhaug called Aedena Cycle.
Many talented fishermen have turned the sport of bass fishing into a business by becoming a professional and competing in tournaments.
港鐵目前共設有9個鐵路車廠及2個纜車車廠，並隸屬車務處管理，為港鐵市區綫、
These vaccines contain dead viruses or bacteria.
A live record, Live at the Roxy, was released in 2015.
Augusto Armando Polo Campos (25 February 1932 17 January 2018) was a Peruvian composer.
When rival communist and anti-communist governments were set up in 1945, both immediately adopted this as the country's official name.
Piaget, mekanik saatlerini kendi bünyesinde tasarlar, geliştirir ve üretir.
They supported Dirty Pretty Things whilst they toured in spring 2006.
The novel is about Jay and his hope that he can steal Daisy from Tom.
As of 2018, there were about 31,000 seats in the stadium.
The series had over 200 episodes.
Automatic margins and booklet spine (gutter) lines may be specified for global use throughout the document.
It goes as far northward as the edge of the desert of Sarakhs.
一般認為小小說的篇幅應在兩千字以下。
The condemned man would usually be sentenced to the short drop method of hanging, so that the neck would not break.
The movie is about two high school students that can switch bodies.
在中日兩國均處於鎖國狀態的時期，琉球國作為中繼貿易點而有重要地位。
Important work on genetics has led to a new approach to animal development.
，迫使它返回维修直至1905年2月。
Gill 'e ne kadar ömrü kaldığını sorar ama o kadar kontrolden çıkmıştır ki tavrı gittikçe kötüleşir.
The size of a g-spot vibrator is usually 5-7 inches.
博物館的禮品店被譽為世界最佳博物館禮品店之一 citation 。
Oak apple or oak gall is a large, round, gall commonly found on species of oak, 2–5 cm in diameter.
İlerleyen yıllarda "Keşküvan" olarak kayıtlarda yer alan köy, 1968 yılında günümüzdeki adını almıştır.
接待皇室、貴賓雖是必要的功能，但官邸最初的本意仍是總督居住的地方。
The antagonist of the game, Raul Menendez is trying to carry out a massive cyber attack to hack unmanned weaponry used by the United States.
The song was released as a single.
He was his manager until Jackson died in June 2009.
In the introduction to the score Bartók gave very precise instructions about how the different percussion instruments should be played, the kinds of beaters to be used, and a plan of how they were to be grouped on stage.
，通常由遗传错误或畸形发育所导致。
However, when Book Six, Dostoevsky's "answer" to The Grand Inquisitor, was published, he was much more worried: ""I don't know whether I succeeded.
There are many more herbivorous animals living in the world than carnivorous animals.
Alan Young; Michael Stead, In the Footsteps of Robert Bruce (Stroud: Sutton Publishing Limited, 1999), p. 138 The English learned their lesson from Bannockburn.
Ernst Tanner, which is the manager of Hoffenheim said “they were pleased to have a talented Brazilian soccer player on there team”.
It is on National Highway 17.
He said that the song started with "a stroked acoustic guitar."
Higgins was born on the 18 April 1941.
所以，在任何時候，艦隊三分之一的水手都不在艦上。
The ship is piloted by Captain Keyes.
T60E1 bulunan zırh T54E1 e çok benzemekteydi.
Şubat 2006'da ilk karikatür kitabını yayımladı.
The next section explains why it's not c - 0.5c.
He studied at Rhodes College.
The plans, although ratified by the GLA and introduced in January 2006 were condemned by those who argued that the increases would increase the cost of travelling in London to tourists and others who do not travel regularly.
Tweeters are designed to reproduce high-
他几乎可以肯定年龄比亚历山大大，
Arches National Park lies in the southern part of the county, just north of Moab.
原来阿婷得知土皇要来，便躲进深山里去。
Pavlus ve Tekla'nın İşleri (
Later, this college became Aligarh University in 1921.
Glaetzer bir Hristiyandır ve hayatı boyunca bir Hristiyan olduğunu, ancak sakatlıkları nedeniyle gençliğinde Tanrı'dan saptığını ifade etmiştir.
The facilities are kept kleen and in order by work departments of the city administration.
Bu ikinci anlaşmanın (uygulanmayan ve kabul edilmeyen anlaşma) ardından şefliğe oğul Jozef geldi.
It reaches sexual maturity when it is two years old.
In the protocol, a "Tracker" hosts information about any active computers which are trying to share data.
That force has since grown to 2,600 marines in two marine brigades each of three marine battalions.
Kargo trafiği bakımından ise İstanbul ve İstanbul Sabiha Gökçen havalimanlarının ardından üçüncü sıradadır.
The position of royal printmaker also made her the first female official in Sweden.
In 2021, she moved to new club Omiya Ardija Ventus.
Since then, 165 Pacer trains (with 340 carriages in total) have been built.
This will stimulate new modelling and laboratory studies which will increase scientific understanding to a point where the observations can be explained.
Margherita's other siblings died in childhood or eary adulthood.
His reason was to lay the ground for peace in Rome.
Two songs from the movie made AFI's 100 Years.
In 1946 he undertook the first of two expeditions into the Amazon jungle, the first of which produced a popular book, (Por Tierra De Indios).
虽如此，律师却发现，区政府最初公示的征收决定所附规划红线图，却比市规划局规划许可的红线图多出12万余平方米，用途不明。
The album included two of the most memorable 1960s folk songs, "Blowin' in the Wind" (which later became a huge hit for the folk trio Peter, Paul, and Mary) and "A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall."
Crace radioed Fletcher that he could not complete his mission without airplanes.
The Pokédex makes records of information about each of the different Pokémon.
In 1968, Castellanos' father gave her a test to be a student at the Normal School for Girls in the city of Tegucigalpa.
后梁鸿南逃至吴，依附世家望族皋伯通，为其佣耕。
People who died in the 260s.
More than anyone else, he was responsible for the acceptance of a long-time scale for the history of the earth.
He had a deep voice.
还有一些可能是专有软件而不提供源代码。
This is partly because there are more treatments that work well, and if they are given early, syphilis does not get as bad.
It is a very helpful way for young children to understand.
This was done to make Firefox safe and simple to use.
The show also stars Daniel Curtis Lee and Lindsey Shaw as Simon "Cookie" Cook and Jennifer "Moze/Mose" Mosley/Mozely.
He made 50, available as rollers, which were all sold out in 48 hours.
Ancak 12. yüzyıldan sonra Bar'da Benedikt Manastırının kurulmasıyla Roma'nın ve Katolik Kilsesinin etkisi Arnavutluğun kuzeyinde arttı.
It is known as the "beheading game".
玩家可以利用道具來躲避「不可能的彈幕」。
Mahkeme 9 gün sürmüş ve 17 Nisan 2009 tarihinde karar açıklanmıştır.
The incident began at 14:30 on 15 January 2019, and ended a few minutes to ten the following day.
Suyun akışkan olması dışında insanlar ve canlılar için içinde taşıdığı mineraller çok önemlidir.
校外演出和競賽時負責音樂節奏，也會配合表演變換隊形。
In the 1840s, China tried to stop them and the British started a war.
Suddenly, news comes that Louisa is better, and that she and Benwick are engaged.
Container ships of this size are usually insured for hull and machinery damage of between $100 and $140 million.
This belief is called "
Jersey does not have famous sports teams, so islanders who can play sports really well often play for England or other countries in the UK.
A Cannabis plant which will be used for making medical marijuana products.
Lori is about to give birth to her baby as this is happening.
由于喜爱东方文化，自2003年，
，並與基奧治展開合約商討 citation 。
Maher states that she focuses on global digital inclusion as a way to improve and protect the rights of people to information through technology.
On 30 July 2019, the Parliament of India declared the practice of Triple Talaq illegal and unconstitutional, and made it a punishable act from 1 August 2019 which is deemed to be in effect from 19 September 2019.
刘铨法治校严格，国民政府海军第三舰队（原东北海军）司令谢刚哲之子与其他3名学生倚仗父辈权势触犯校规，被刘铨法依校规开除 。
The time interval between different compounds flowing out of the chromatograph was hard to control.
He then sets them to be blasted back to Earth in rockets.
这是皇权不振的征兆，愍帝终于被俘。
From 1952 to 1956 he continued musical education in the High Music School Slavenski under the mentorship of professor Franjo Partlić.
There he was noticed by the new trainer of the team, Vladimir Krikunov.
He started playing piano in New Orleans.
This type of eye consists of a cluster of numerous ocelli on each side of the head, organized in a way that resembles a true compound eye.
The inter-stage coolers cause condensation meaning water separators with drain valves are present.
She explains that the version of the Grimms discards the post-marital conflicts of Basile and Perrault that were probably separate narratives at one time.
After 1980 coup d'état, military administration sacked Aydın Aybay from university with many other academics.
The pumpkins are smashed in the street, dropped from a bridge, or otherwise destroyed.
甜橙的父系為War Front「戰線」，牠曾經在競賽生涯勝出二級賽，也在一級賽中上名，之後配種，於美國有勝出一級賽的子嗣，路程以一哩及短途居多。
In "Dark Dawn", 83 Djinn are introduced.
This region has highly fertile alluvial soil.
Euroasian Entomological Journal 5(2):95-104 (in Russian).
However, Ukraine and most other countries in the world continue to recognize that Crimea is part of Ukraine.
After the performance everyone is forced to take cover from an aerial bombing.
He had four Top 5 spots in the points standings.
」。 citation 原本是在《天漫》刊登的短篇漫画，但编辑觉得有趣所以变短期连载，又因为反响不错改为15话连载的漫画。
，電影試映宣傳的成效不佳，票房未如預期。
This railroad closed in 1891.
At first, it was going to be called "5Prime", but was called "5Select" in the end instead.
Daha sonra 1989 yılında Guillermo Algaze başkanlığında yürütülen Dicle – Fırat Arkeolojik Keşif Araştırması Projesi kapsamında sistemli olarak yüzey toplaması yapılmıştır.
Carrefour means cross-road (the place where two roads meet) in French.
To get this resources he/she has to upgrade or build a metal mine.
The Soviet Union was the first country claiming to have established a workers' state.
It was started in 1916, which makes it the oldest of New Zealand's political parties.
The fact that these charges cancel out is why neutrons have a neutral (0) charge.
Some types of ventilators require someone else to make them work by hand and help the patient breathe for a short period of time: they are called manual resuscitators.
Dr. Schön tells the Painter about their affair, and says he must talk to his wife about it.
Most of these stations are affiliated somehow with all three major networks and DuMont in markets where only one or two television stations operated in the early years of commercial television.
Little girls still have the body of a child.
The percussion cap was based on the discovery of fulminate of mercury in about 1800.
It lies on the western bank of the Jur River and is the capital of Western Bahr el Ghazal (and formerly Wau State).
From 2013 to 2016, he starred in his own show Maron.
Firemen also hand out bears to children victims of fire.
Near its path, Lane caused four deaths.
The character Galeb from Tales of Monkey Island was based on Papa Legba.
The second season premiered on April 25, 2011.
Then, Lydia and Wickham are found and are married.
在2001年世界錦標賽中，索普成為史上第一位在一屆世錦賽贏得6枚金牌的選手 Hunter (2004), pp.
Aldenham depot was converted into an overhaul facility for buses.
In 2014, James was featuring in basketball highlight reels that drew national attention.
Coughs are more likely to happen when a person is sick, because infections often irritate breathing passages.
Most video formats can be uploaded to YouTube, and videos can also be uploaded from mobile phones.
Now it is a sport airstrip for small airplanes.
When viewed through a prism, the orientation of a light-dark boundary with respect to the prism is significant.
In 1990, Alex Salmond became the leader of the Scottish National Party.
The book A General History of the Pirates says that he had as many as fourteen wives, but he was not legally married to most of them.
It is at 50° 36 North, 04° 38 East.
She was a member of the Italian team at the 2015 FINA World Masters Championship.
Its sources are in Sierra de Yamasá (a branch of the Cordillera Central).
Usually, groups traveled almost all day, except for an hour around noon for lunch.
The title comes from what his guide in India, Bhagavan Das, used to tell him.
The twentieth chapter, "Jennifer's Mom", is an interview with Lopez's mother discussing what was like to see Lopez on television for the first time.
Dangerous Minds was released August 11, 1995.
Hunting game birds is a sport, and a way of getting food.
Handbook on Race Relations in South Africa.
After his season with the Lumberjacks was over, Clifford played 2 games for the Fort Wayne Komets and left for the ECHL to play for the Louisville Icehawks.
The king is ill and he and his daughter are reunited.
Atopy is when there are changes in some of the genes a person is born with (genetic inheritance).
It was the first and only Unbreakable event that TNA held and was also the ninth event in TNA's 2005 pay-per-view schedule.
In 2009 Citadel Investment Group and the Chicago Mercantile Exchange partnered to create a credit-default swaps electronic-trading platform.
Díaz was a Cuban photographer.
She later betrays him.
Sing has been in production for over a year and a half.
The segment would include Mandel describing some aspect of the story and often relating it back to his personal childhood.
As he published in literary magazines and newspapers, he worked for the Austrian radio and television.
They kill and behead the Emperor, Wang Mang, two days later.
The base was called Concord Army Airfeld.
The earliest known ancestor is Albert of Este, who died in 938. Herbert A Grueber, Exhibition of the Royal House of Guelph (London: The New Gallery, 1891), p. viii He was the Count of Este and Marquis of Tuscany.
Dünya’nın soğuma teorisi, 1960’lara kadar çoğu jeolog için kabul gören bir fikirdi.
Willem tarafından Koninklijke Akademie (Kraliyet Akademisi) olarak inşaat mühendisleri yetiştirmesi amacıyla kurulmuştur.
Because of all the new upgrades, the first, cheap Rapier was gone.
Others must rise to the water surface to get air which may be held or trapped in special parts of their body.
"This famous Belgian artist is often considered to be the most influential European comic artist ever and his "clear line" style was widely copied by new generation of comic artists."
The items produced will all be the same type.
Then, if the person is exposed to the virus or bacteria in the future, their immune system will already "know" how to fight it off.
Also nearby are several bed and breakfast inns, hotels, restaurants, banks, antiques stores and specialty shops.
The movie is based on the novel by Edna O'Brien.
Needless to say, this incompetent amateur was soon arrested, tried, and executed for treason.
無線電視體育主持時期（2006年期間，獲無線電視邀請短期重返公司）
這兩種的重合特徵包括帶大量痰（時常滿是膿）的劇烈咳嗽、下支氣管及細支氣管區域在肺部X射線成像中有可見的結節，及慢性鼻竇炎。
Very important for the club are the young players.
The vast majority of Australian nationals in Turkey are Turkish Australians.
The dead frogs were gray and brown, but the preservative may have changed their color.
This minimises the key disadvantage of sexual dimorphism, which is, it makes the male much easier to be seen by predators.
Jackanory continued to be broadcast until 1996.
This category holds articles that use any of the short-cite templates ( and template families, and ) where one or more of those short-cite templates do not properly link to a full citation, the target.
This is a mostly ceremonial role.
On 30 April 1975, the National Liberation Front with the help of the N.V.A. overtook Sàigòn and quickly renamed it Hồ Chí Minh City, which is the capital of Vietnam.
Scott Ian jokingly announced that they were considering the name "Basket Full Of Puppies".
，成立於2006年8月16日，內容專注在各種最新免費資訊，包括免費空間、
两舰都在德国海军服役，阿达尔贝特亲王号在和平时期一直担任炮兵训练舰，而腓特烈·卡尔号则在舰队一线服役，直到1909年退役，此后充当鱼雷训练舰。
It is one of the world's leading places of learning.
雖然她從來不參加戰鬥，不過有一把配槍。
Firstly, they are enclosed by dikes to keep the water out.
Anita killed 11 people in Mexico.
The latest book about his life is Darağacında Üç Fidan.
，6 支國家或地區隊伍會分為兩組，每組 3 隊，進行單循環賽事，兩組的第一名會晉身決賽。
Later, other toys called the Care Bear Cousins were introduced.
The female cones are barrel-shaped, 7–13 cm long and 5–9 cm broad, and break up when mature (in 12 months) to release the winged seeds.
其中改革开放以来培养、祝圣的年轻神父就有1500余位，有550多万教友，开放大小教堂、会所约6000处，开办大小神哲学院8所。
除了Good Smile Company以及旗下子公司曾推出鹿目圓的人偶外，
Thousands of people disappeared or were killed during his time as president.
Many people in the Confederacy believed that the stolen items were in Lawrence.
At the time of the Act, one third of the population of England were living in Greater London and the metropolitan counties.
It is important for them to be easy to understand.
Under this system, divorce is possible with no argument about a bad act by one of the married people.
Judith Ryan in Geoffrey Bardon (1991) Papunya Tula: Art of the Western Desert.
Tirthankaras are also called "Teaching Gods", "Ford-Makers", "Crossing Makers" and "Makers of the River-Crossing.
It has four flags or beams.
Her new album Kingdom was released on January 30, 2008, and her new single was released on January 23, 2008.
Sometimes it is not possible to get an exact solution to a problem, because this might take too long, or it may not be possible at all.
An event was supposed to take place in the claimed territory, but Croatian border police stopped the group from entering it from the Croatian side.
Piquet soon stopped and dropped behind Nannini, Boutsen (who already stopped) and Berger.
His best known play was Steambath (1970).
在一個束縛（bounded）系統裏，能量是負值的，
In this image of the Andromeda Galaxy, Messier 32 is to the left of the center.
女演員main飾演格雷姆的妻子，劇中的一位常規角色 citation 。
In 2001, it moved to the United Paramount Network (
Cara's boyfriend Brad reached the toy market in 1975.
He met the barons at Runnymede, 20 miles south-west of London, in June 1215.
。1972年整合至《刑事罪行條例》。
He does not know that Peter did it.
而很多网友则表示结局无法令人接受，更无法想象原版中天真善良的小燕子新版中真真正正成为了社会俗称的小三，永琪成为了抛妻弃子不负责任的男人。
It had been in council ownership since 1984 and was used as a social housing unit up to November 2004.
But in 1954 Lowes Theatres was formed to control most of the movie theatres.
据1980年代不完全统计，重庆的陪都遗迹有近400处，随着重庆数十年大规模建设，有些遗址已不复存在。
It was also the last storm of 2008.
The palace includes sculptures by artists from Florence.
Although some ships managed to get past, most could not.
For the Villa de Porto Santo, Porto Santo island, the average temperature for the year is 17.8°C (64.0°F).
For example, the person who wrote "Shakespeare" knew a lot about other countries (especially Italy and France), but William Shakespeare never left England.
The lawsuit eventually went to the United States Supreme Court.
During the release of Glitter, Carey suffered a breakdown and was put in the hospital for exhaustion.
在廚神守護神中，跟江上忠治和栫井誠是好友。
Nodar Dumbadze (July 14, 1928 – September 4, 1984) was a famous Georgian writer.
He was the first Tanzanian bishop.
The movie is written by Jim Britts.
Louis Couffignal said cybernetics was "the art of ensuring the efficacy of action".
An asymptote is a line that a curve gets closer and closer to touching but never does.
They had five children who had important positions at the royal court when they grew up.
源城区境内大部分处于河源盆地内，
IMAPI最初是在Windows XP中引入的 citation ，当时是作为一个Windows服务出现 《提升系统安全性 Windows XP必禁的服务》，施淼著，科技咨询导报, 2007年第13期 。
Kader Bağlayıcısı'nın karakteri sınıfsızdır, bunun yerine, oyuncu karakterinin gücünü ve zayıf yönlerini belirli becerileri ne sıklıkta kullandıklarına göre belirleyen bir beceri tabanlı sistemi ile tanımlamasına izin verir.
Before he retired, he was the 11th all-time with 684 goals and 15th with 1,457 points.
She was very popular in the 1950s.
The Stan Coster Memorial Bush Ballad Award has several categories.
Blake went to Chislehurst and Sidcup Grammar School.
Perrow says that multiple and unexpected failures are built into society's complex and tightly-coupled systems.
Saçılan şey demektir.
The series is noted for using unique and extreme weapons and devices.
而在道教當中，此職務由李文廣、吳宛明二位將軍擔任。
Lived for less than 1 years.
Çarpmalar çarpma bölgesinin ayırıcı bir şekilde tanımlanabilmesine izin veren kendine özgü şok-metamorfik etkilere neden olur.
根据最高法院的定义，挑衅字眼是那些通过激怒别人而“煽动即刻的破坏和平行为”的言论，同时这些言论“由普通人通过常识判断很可能会引发暴力反应”。
He spent his last years in several European places and then he went back to America.
If they use their nails, the nails must be in perfect condition, and kept to the same length all the time.
Harvard's current president is Lawrence Bacow.
Gravitational potential energy causes objects to move towards each other.
Travellers stand in line for a flight to the Philippines carrying balikbayan boxes.
Then he migrated to America.
Dorian later became a Category 5 hurricane, making 2019 the fourth consecutive season to feature at least one Category 5 hurricane (
該院的知識產權與創新法研究中心（the Center for Intellectual Property Law and Innovation）開設課程在商標，版權，專利，商業秘密，大眾傳播，生物醫療設施，生物醫藥，互聯網，電子商務，社會化媒體的信息，知識產權融資和知識產權稅收等。
These centers did not use terms like "war neurosis" or "shell shock."
The result is an element with atomic number two less than before.
固化可以延长猪肉产品的保质期。
The current chancellor of the university is Linda P. Brady.
It is for use in dry areas.
In the Senate, he moved his way up and served as Chairman of the Ways and Means Committee.
When changed from the command of the Naval Primary Training Command to that of Naval Air Center, Eleventh Naval District, on 15 August 1943, it was used to station carrier air groups.
畢業後的鄭雲龍積極參與多部中國音樂劇的演出，直至2018年為了推廣音樂劇，
線性的截角可以推廣到負的截角深度，或截到中點後將邊反向連接形成邊自相交的多邊形作為截角深度更深的截角結果，這種截角有時稱為超截角或星形截角。
At one point Warwick captured Edward and so he had captured two kings.
In April or May of 1547, Thomas secretly married Henry VIII’s widow- Catherine Parr.
Poetry can be written in any language by a poet.
Köyün elektrik, su ve telefon altyapıları mevcuttur.
江油中学原校歌为吉华铨词，梁奎曲。
Thoughtlessly, Chingkhu Akhuba placed the stranger girl along the side of his own daughter.
It was originally a National Wrestling Alliance.
It is named for Lake Corangamite.
One piece of the puzzle is that the play Lust's Dominion was attributed to Marlowe when it was published in 1657.
，面對小直布羅陀的法軍擅自向反法聯軍陣地發動攻擊，整個布留爾師都捲入了戰鬥。
Linstone was editor-in-chief of the professional journal "Technological Forecasting and Social Change", which he founded in 1969.
Tokat il merkezine 33 km, Pazar ilçesine 8 km uzaklıktadır.
The Deportivo Saprissa won the championship of Third Division in 1947.
Translation: Anthology of black humor 2001.
They have won multiple trophies in all sports.
Beşeri Hukuk: Adil ve kararlı kurallardan oluşurken, gücü ve yaptırımı yasa koyucu tarafından belirlenir.
Customers were required to register twenty-four hours prior to gaming.
He is most famous for his emblem books.
He based it on an old British story about a king named Leir or Lyr.
It was reopened in 2002.
It was the fourth Heat Wave event that ECW produced.
Within the band and as a solo singer, she has over forty Top 50 hits and has sold over 140 million albums.
In March 2012, Nieves was training up to four hours a day at the Galician Sports Modernization Center (CGTD). citation He finished first in the 2012 San Silvestre Candelaria 4,500 meter race.
On April 25, 1915, Allied forces landed at various locations along the Gallipoli peninsula.
He served as the state's attorney general from 1963 to 1969, and as governor from 1969 to 1971.
In English the name is The Dawn of a New Day.
Oyun nesir olarak yazılmakla beraber bale aralıkların başlangıçları şiir halindedir.
His facial features have not yet fully complete and he still retains an orifice-like mouth rather than normal human-like features seen in later forms.
，認為一線性系統有非線性的回授，不過是在一個扇形的線性區間內，若線性系統在此扇形線性區間都穩定，則整個系統都會穩定。
It is convert in size and it has a population of 44 (2009). citation People that live there are called the Montois.
阿里部下的統治者無法制止穆阿維葉一世的攻勢，人民也不支持阿里與他們戰鬥。
He was 100 years old.
育有一儿一女 citation 。
Rukin argued that most people could afford the increase, saying "I'm not a rich person.
Three were gold.
On April 1, 2007 Niigata City became the largest Nihonkai coast city as a government-designated city.
Today it is called Shakespearian sonnet, citation but Surrey was first to use it.
艾因是阿联酋著名的花园城市和文化城市，这里由曾获得国际建筑大奖的阿布扎比图书馆和文化中心，
She died in 1458 BC, which means that she became pharaoh in about 1479 BC.
施廷懋以重庆地方队员而非國家隊隊員的身份，
However, some are more difficult than others.
环境学院成立于2004年，其历史可追溯至1984年华南工学院化学工程系新增的环境工程专业硕士学位点。
Twenty-seven passengers and crew were wounded, four badly.
The band was formed in 1982.
They can still be seen on some train stations.
有一款被命名為AGS-17A的特殊空中運載型版本，
After a two-day standoff, the plane is allowed to fly to Marseille, France, where it is stormed by French commandos who kill the hijackers.
Napoleon is remembered as a brilliant army leader, and his campaigns are studied at military schools all over the world.
第二十八條 參議院以國會成立之日解散。
程文相，女狀元取了金陵人傅善祥。
When she went home she drank bleach.
，若要製作P型半導體，需要掺杂鋅。
Unlike other plants, grasses grow from the bottom, so when animals eat grass they usually do not destroy the part that grows.
适逢百年校庆前夕，新校区建设、社会捐款增加及天津市财政对“双一流”高校建设的支持，2018年，南开大学总收入74.08亿元，较2017年35.13亿元的总收入增长幅度大110.87% citation 。2019年1月，三名企业家校友向校方匿名捐款1.72亿元 citation 。
Other people disagreed, saying the book showed how complicated things between Native Americans and white settlers were.
He began his career in the 1940s.
De Pareja had a Black mother and a White father.
Inside the briefcase are instruction manuals, a radio transmitter and authentication codes for the Emergency Broadcast System.
在智利南部部分地区，也有人使用德语。
四面体十二点球的半径是外接球半径的 1 / 3 。
穹顶、采光亭(建于1436-ca.1450)及耳堂(建于1439-1445)占据了布鲁内莱斯基生命中的大部分时间 Howard Saalman.
十世班禅的突然去世引发了许多传言和猜测。
The word in the middle is "ahimsa"
Ancak temel bakış açısıyla problemler sürmektedir.
This party has been winning the Russian elections ever since the fall of the Soviet Union.
It is located on the shores of Lake Nero in Yaroslavl Oblast.
He is spoiled, too.
Treatment includes antiparasitic medications.
Many different people help Cecil out during the game.
We know this because different kinds of protease can do the same reaction in completely different ways.
New London County was one of four original counties in Connecticut.
As basımı 3. yüzyılın sonlarına kadar devam etti.
順應這股風潮，科索沃自治及和阿爾巴尼亞合併的呼聲也響起，
The Castles were intrigued by the rhythm.
All of the nominees are published in a book called The Rhysling Anthology.
愛沙尼亞航空於1991年12月1日開始營運，在愛沙尼亞獨立後不久得到恢復營運，並在1996年部分私有化。 citation 在1995年，愛沙尼亞航空租借兩架波音737 - 500s ，以取代舊的蘇聯飛機，
Danni won an Immunity Challenge advantage, and Judd's wife, Cindy's twin sister and Stephenie's boyfriend were allowed to stay overnight at camp.
Philippe's other legacies include his decisive victory at the Battle of Cassel in 1677.
All songs written and composed by Patrick Stump.
It is the province of highest economic activity in the country, with many industries and companies in its territory.
Loti'nin alt birimi "sente" (ç. lisente) ve bir loti 100 lisente'ye bölünür.
The difference between a sphere and the Earth's shape is small, only about one part in 300.
奇摩服務中心」繼續提供客戶服務。
Rather than ignore or accept the situation, Lincoln had to mend a broken nation or see it torn apart.
They imply that Takalik Abaj was conquered by it or its allies.
Pamuk Prenses'e "peri masalı prensesi" diyen The New Republic'ten Otis Ferguson, karakteri basitçe "olmasını beklediğin şey" olarak tanımladı.
ABC canceled the show in 1971, but it continued on 250 stations across the country until 1982.
隨後兩天它向西北移動，趨向呂宋。
He wrote essays on his travels, nature and interesting people he had read about, like Richard Burton, the British traveler.
Evil focuses on the brain of a Mexican playboy who wants to collect the rest of his organs for world domination.
Friedrich bir Haçli Seferi'ne katılama yemini etmişti.
法庭发布一项命令，禁止任何人员干预法院内人员。
曾經喜歡過泰拉，但後來卻遭到拒絕。
，各階僧侶享有相應的政治地位，
It is a very big dog with a big head.
"The Look" and "Listen To Your Heart", are other popular songs by Roxette.
She remains Sovereign of the Order to this day.
Brahms wrote bad things about him because, of course, Wolf had written bad things about Brahms.
He went straight to "The Weddin Inn", and together with Ben Hall and O'Meally, captured the police and released the prisoners.
Frank V. Loretti, with a background in labor relations became the BHA's third director.
Since 2005, he has trained with Stefan Wojtas, first at music secondary school, now as a student of the Feliks Nowowiejski Academy of Music in Bydgoszcz.
总面积2916平方公里，2002年人口2万人。
On 19 December 2011, Stojaković announced that he was retiring from playing professional basketball.
父亲樊致善 《天一阁藏明代科举录选刊·登科录》（《景泰二年进士登科录》） 。
’in şehit edilmeleriyle başlayan siyâsî karışıklık sâdece siyâsî bölünmelere değil, aynı zamanda mezheplerde ve düşüncede bölünmelere sebebiyet verdi.
Others say "the quartet in the park" is the Beatles.
Leopards do not usually eat humans, but sometimes leopards that are hurt or sick can eat people when they do not have enough to eat.
The route used to be the main highway along the West Coast, but now most people use the Interstate 5 to go along the coast.
Despite the bankruptcy of Sabena in 2001, the activities didn't stop.
With the thermometer we just calibrated we can perform a secondary calibration.
For her, 'courage' is not to fear when attempting to do something, and the amount of courage depends on how much the person is eager to do such thing.
该片摄于1995年，但长期无法公映，
Burton was thrown out of the bus window and the bus fell on him.
Some of these writers were W.B. Yeats, George Moore, and Oliver St John Gogarty.
Sharice Davids' quiet approach endears her to Democratic leaders."
In November 1980, Voyager 1 visited Saturn, and took higher resolution photographs of the planet, rings and moons.
This is a medicine that is taken after sex that makes the woman less likely to get pregnant.
By the 1990s action figures became toys for adults as well but for the use of collecting and value.
Iwan Rheon (born 13 May 1985) is a Welsh actor, singer and musician.
Both of these works are regarded as very important for analytic philosophy.
The Spanish alphabet is fairly phonemic, which means words are usually spelled the way the sound.
Lots of extensions to the system have opened since then, with more that are currently being built or proposed.
St. Anne's is a Catholic school.
This is a list of languages that are official only in certain parts of Russia.
He also played Coach Wordman in the 1984 movie Making the Grade.
Many copies of parts of the text still exist today.
With ethyl bromide, the reaction product is predominantly the substitution product.
While talking with other characters, the player can choose between topics for discussion, such as objects from your inventory (on top of the screen), or other (on the bottom of the screen).
從那時起，蘋果公司發布了多個操作系統的版本。
可惜其修为不及步驚雲，最终无法将其阻止。
Unfortunately, Teppei, who despises anything boring and repetitive, is forced to move to the sales department for his egocentric behavior.
She has three children: daughter Maria Seweryn and two sons Adam and Jędrzej Kłosiński.
For example, substitute strikers can be brought on for defenders if the team needs to attack.
The definition of corporate responsibilities has been frowned upon as creating a false relationship between the 'shareholder model' and the 'stakeholder model', or a false analogy of the requirements towards stakeholders and other interested parties.
Once they had a plan, there were 18,000 pieces built and prepared in Eiffel's factory outside of town.
Blanchette settled in Saint Charles in 1769 under the authority of the Spanish governor of Upper Louisiana.
……久听人说无锡船菜太甜，我们吃的几样，绝无过甜感觉。”
Sometimes surgery is needed.
如此一來，網頁的計量將無法辨識真正的生產力分佈。
Eclectus hens have a strong maternal instinct, which is shown in captivity.
The sporting combat with the use of jumps, kicks and fists formed taesudo briefly; the techniques of personal defense with the use of levers and throws (
Because the flywheel resists changes in speed, it decreases the effects of uneven torque.
Fuzhou dialect is popular in the seven counties of Fuzhou in the eastern part of Fujian, Ningde City and Nanping City, as well as Taiwan, Indonesia, Thailand, Brunei, Singapore.
CaFFE has claimed that this amount has been recovered from the consumer instead.
It was followed by a game designed to reduce the use of the rail nurse so that spectators would not be bored by watching it.
If something is in the event horizon, it will never get out of the black hole.
He also says he will not be coming back to Hogwarts next year.
保證金沒有利息，直到金管局對其改進機製表示滿意才可拿回。
The absence of springs, rivers, and lakes nearby is unusual for a major city.
A more serious allegation includes the show gives unfair advantages to famous competitors over unknown ones.
This meant there was one possible reason for the extra oxygen.
All commercial fuel cell vehicles use this type of fuel cell.
He received several international awards for his writings on drug trafficking and organized crime in the Mexican Drug War.
There is a Hallé Youth Orchestra which is conducted by Ewa Strusinska.
中国民主革命家，中华民国军事人物。
On the way, it runs through Admiralty Arch. It is closed to traffic on Sundays and public holidays, and on ceremonial occasions.
It went quarterly in 2014.
Üretim mühendisi David A. Ziembicki şöyle diyor : " Atari'ciler standımızda ağızları açık vaziyette duruyorlardı ve bunu 595$'a nasıl yapabildiniz diyorlardı".
Similar to how different letters in the Latin alphabet have capital or lowercase forms that look different from each other, consonants in Khmer have standard and subscript forms.
This passage might refer to the Sonata in C. But it may refer to other keyboard compositions Mozart wrote the same year.
Stickler syndrome affects around 1 in 10,000 people.
Currently, about 900 different species are known.
It was watched by 14.0 million people and the winner was Kendra Todd.
Resmi yapı faaliyetlerinin denetlenmesi ve çizim okullarının yöneticiliği olmak üzere kültürel ve bilimsel alanda birçok görev üstlenmiştir.
In 1973, he graduated from Hull College, and now sits on its board of important people.
This would make it the oldest known depiction of a wheel.
汩咄、安居骨等皆奔散，寢微無聞焉。
Back in Italy, he went on to become a member of the Grand Council of Fascism.
The Persian lime was reintroduced then.
耐冬期後發現她與繼持的聯名銀行戶口只餘少許存款，對日後生活感到無助。
It was released again in later years.
It is also one of the highest peak in South India.
"That's why he left without telling her, but Clarence told me she was ready, even then.
There are parades, pageants, and the girl playing Lucia serves cakes.
In Spider-Man 2, she accidentally unmasks Spider-Man after he rescues her from Dr. Octopus.
可據以為強制執行之文件，稱為執行名義。
环境决定着基因的保守或非保守。
。 citation citation 他在英超赛场也没有任何斩获，回到顿涅茨克矿工后也是球队的边缘球员。
Ministry of Economic Development, Trade and Agriculture of Ukraine — a new name, which was given on August 29, 2019 to the Ministry of Economic Development and Trade of Ukraine.
Yürüyüşte altın madalyanın favorilerinden olarak gösterilen Nathan Deakes de birkaç gün sonra, dizindeki sakatlık yüzünden Pekin'de yarışamayacağını duyurdu.
It consists of 12 teams.
He directed his first movie Os Cafajestes in 1962.
Denis-Marcel Marié self-published a book about the bridge in 1953.
In 1956, he won the City of Barcelona Prize with the work A Woman Comes to Town.
Their small front flippers have claws more than 1 inch (2.5 cm) thick that are used to make breathing holes through 6.5 ft (2 m) thick ice.
When the railway re-opened again it needed a lot of work done to it to fix things and update it.
Kale bugüne kadar yeterince incelenmemiştir.
For the same reason that many other styles are sometimes simply listed as "karate", Kempo has long been strongly linked under the general banner of "karate".
The main language of government is English.
房舍可收容384人，依照需求內全天預備供應熱水，
Usually stimulants keep the person awake and energetic.
Because the bunch of electron spreads out the more times that they travel around the synchrotron, physicists want to design new machines that throw out the electron bunches before they have a chance to spread out.
There used to be three districts called "bailieries" which were later put together to make up the shire of Ayrshire.
In 2009, 165 people lived in the commune.
随着米娜的贡献助推歌曲在大多数榜单上获得积分，蹿升至头位，得到大量关注，她被正式列为歌曲的客串艺人。
This production was received with little enthusiasm.
明年正月，二部入犯，遣参将卜应第大破之，斩首二百有奇。
Note: This last example shows this.
El bükümü ipliklerden dengelenmiş bir iplik elde etmek için iki yaygın yol vardır: Düzenli ve Navajo.
On February 25, 2020, Iger announced his retirement as CEO of Disney.
The Fuller Warren Bridge, spanning the St. Johns River in Jacksonville, Florida, was tolled until the 1980s and was replaced in 2002.
Leaving apart already independent Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, the remaining 12 republics, all (except Georgia) joined the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS).
The Large Hadron Collider (LHC) is the world's largest experiment and most complex scientific accelerator.
In 2012 season, Giravanz finished at the 9th place.
When this toxin is found in the shellfish, government bans fishing and selling it in the area.
MPEG invented a number of file formats for music and video.
，要求上个月被解散的人民议会恢复立法工作，直至选出新议会 citation citation 。
It is a sedentary species, breeding in birch and other forests and tundra across northern Eurasia, and in Alaska and northern Canada.
Stealth, uçak gemileri üzerinde birkaç eylem çekimine sahiptir.
Some sports do not allow some of all of their games to end in a tie.
The sandstone is the earliest sedimentary rock in this part of the world.
Madinger & Easter, p. 439. 專輯包括《The Lord Loves the One (That Loves the Lord)》、同名歌曲《Living in the Material World》、《Give Me Love (Give Me Peace on Earth)》和《Try Some, Buy Some》等反映哈里森的精神奉獻的歌曲， Woffinden, pp.
Inside a very big room, the cella has two rows of columns (tall round things) around it.
Michael, bu farklı yenilgiden sonra Ginny'ye gücendi ve onunla ilişkisini bitirdi.
The One Ring turns normal people invisible, but it also corrupts them, makes its wearer power-hungry, and the ring only does evil.
The Big Banana, pictured in 2015.
This compilation album was released in November 2008.
A面曲《沉默的多數》節奏簡潔明快，歌詞借叛逆期青年之口批判了成人社會墨守成規、故步自封。
The Product Red iPod Nano is exclusive to the retail Apple Store and its online counterpart.
她和她的儿子一样，友善、幽默、有耐心。
，将上洛改为上雒，包括今商州区、洛南县。
德輔與凱利兩人均倖存且僅受輕傷。
The village is near the River Otter.
波倫死於車禍，得年29歲，距離他的30歲生日不過兩週。
Yalnız Mark Whittow’un da belirttiği gibi, pek çok yerleşim birimi Bizans dönemi boyunca, hatta daha ötesinde önemli yerleşim mekanları olmaya devam etmiştir.
》中认为，刘表夫妇早已属意刘琮，这时突然想让刘备接手荆州，不可信。
Halihazırda modernize edilen 300 adet Su-24’ün yerini alması maksadıyla 2015’e kadar toplam 200 adet Su-34’ün alınması planlandı.
This has a natural increase since the last census of 6,413 people (that is 71,276 births minus 64,863 deaths) and an increase because of "net migration" of 41,808 people into the state.
This plant grows better with less water than more water.
Official insignia are often protected by law as to allow their use only by people holding a specific office or staff members action on behalf of such a person.
He is best known for presenting the popular music program Countdown (1974 87).
The circumstance is as follows.
），设“武举绝伦从军法”，学武者可以考取功名。
A person low in openness would be traditional and close-minded.
The color of their fur ranges from dark brown to gray.
They also sometimes talked about them as good and angels.
There are some religious and non-religious groups who still try to 'cure' homosexuality.
He then got his Diploma of Education from the State College of Victoria, Rusden, in 1975.
Despite their rationality, however, the interiors usually contained more dramatic sweeping staircases, as well as furniture designed by Saarinen, such as the Pedestal Series.
Hydrocarbons are grouped into "families" or "
為了解決一般密碼容易遭到破解情況，因此開發出一次性密碼的解決方案。
Logical volume management is a form of virtualisation.
Elise Marie Stefanik (main; born July 2, 1984) is an American politician.
Drawings of Ursa Minor often show it as a baby bear with an unusually long tail.
光绪二年（1876年）充任乌鲁木齐都统，不久病故，谥果敏。
主打歌曲《Stop stop it》由朴軫永作詞作曲，
Mating is preceded by fights between males, who throw their huge bulk against each other.
Burada sürücü pedalları kullanmıyor.
Copies were bundled with Volume 11.
It is located on Lamèque Island, off the northeastern tip of the Acadian Peninsula.
O'Connor 2003 。
If the person is deaf and uses American Sign Language, a Specialist can take their complaint by videophone (so they can see each other and sign back and forth to each other).
He quickly became well-liked and very popular.
After he was elected, he ordered the enforcement of a law against selling alcohol on Sundays -- but only in immigrant neighborhoods.
Bill teaches Charlie that it needs more than people who give you love.
; silver, for example, is XAG.
"Sapiens" means "thought".
On Friday March 24, it took only eight minutes to lower Jumbo and his box to the Assyrian Monarch.
Bugün bu buzul duvarları sabit hatlar sayesinde aşılmaktadır.
You marry at age 21 and have children at age 24. And you die at age 80. However, despite being matched, Cassia finds that she loves someone else.
Ross knew fellow Panic!
Huasos are found in central and southern Chile.
It did not have a proper government, or any money.
In the adult stage they break away from the stalk and can move about.
This is called Microprogramming, the resulting code is called a microprogram.
Lucy did not want to marry.
Can Yayınları, yoğun talep üzerine, önce ikinci ve ardından üçüncü baskıyı yaptı.
He started a library that was free for everyone to use, and also a free hospital.
To every new unit of quality is related a subtle quantum of matter which is called guna “quality”, but represents a subtle substantive entity.
同年，香港童軍代表團參加第15屆亞太區童軍會議、奧地利童軍大露營、
'ta ise 17 numaraya kadar yükseldi.
'ın tam bir ilâh olduğu yönündeki öğretileri hususunda örtüşmekteydi.
Zamanla hastalık hakkında daha fazla bilgi sahibi oldukça.
De La Isla is the city's first Latina, first single mother, and second woman to serve as mayor.
Eylül ayında kiracılar yani çalışanlar %25 indirim olması için protesto ederler ve Erne bunu geri çevirir.
In 2010, M. Kelly Tillery said that Pace v. Alabama was one of the ten top worst SCOTUS decisions of all time.
It is a synonym for the Soviet Empire, which consists of the "republics" of the Soviet Union and the "Council for Mutual Economic Assistance" (Comecon).
沩水河为宁乡主要河流，境内总长度117.2公里，流域面积2,125平方公里。
Bu bağlantı sağlayıcıları, çok etkin bir bağlantı merkezi oluşturarak, çeşitli bağlantı servislerine ulaşma ihtiyacı duyan işletmeler için ideal bir yer olmaktadır.
Activity was very low, changes mainly were made by bots.
而在半决赛及决赛阶段，富士电视台会在比赛当日的下午向全国进行实况录像转播；如果地方台所在的地方学校进入到了半决赛阶段，那么日后该校的赛事都会交由该地方台独立制作播出；
Several countries passed laws for the compulsory sterilisation of unwelcome groups.
但12年後，千多人呼吸道或肺部罹患癌症。
Anonymous also attacked the website of France's anti-piracy organisation.
Griffith, Howard, and Bavier were introduced in an episode of The Danny Thomas Show.
Örneğin Deniz Kuvvetleri'nin kullandığı PBJ-1 bombardıman uçağı ve Hava Kuvvetlerinin F-10 Fotografik keşif uçağı gibi.
Snow melt is also a cause of flooding.
The meeting lasted three days.
Hoimar von Ditfurth, 1949 yılından beri evliliğini sürdürdüğü Heilwig von Raven'den dört çocuğu oldu: Jutta (d. 1951), Wolf-Christian (d. 1953), Donata-Friederike (d. 1956) ve York-Alexander (d. 1957).
Jane Austen and the Body: The Picture of Health.
後來黑鳥換上了新的數位進氣電腦，洛克希德的工程師們開發的引擎進氣控制軟體，能重新捕獲漏失的震波，在飛行員感覺到未啟動的發生之前就重新點燃引擎。
It became illegal to sell ether in Poland in 1923.
太子的死使朱元璋痛心及警覺，將對皇位虎視眈眈的兒子都調出了京城。
》选段 citation 。12月，获得第十八届国际浪漫曲歌唱比赛二等奖 citation 。
Its chemical formula is GaAs.
That compares with a 2.1 rating average for new episodes of CSI: Miami since January, and a 1.7 for the significantly delayed finale last week."
His study found that children who played sports and exercised were able to concentrate better.
Very often, the exact amount to be re-paid is not defined clearly.
For this reason artificial and real leather are imperfect substitutes.
At the age of ten, he started to play piano and compose.
卻斯特頓认为本书是狄更斯最好的小说（Bleak House' is not certainly Dickens's best book; but perhaps it is his best novel.
He released his debut album I Am Chipmunk in 2009.
She was awarded prizes for her work.
At first, the new plane was called the 707-020, but it was changed to 720. The Boeing 720 is convert shorter than the Boeing 707.
This person serves two years on the Board before being replaced by another member of the committee.
Secondly, big accidents almost always escalate from very small beginnings.
Symbiosis does not always benefit both partners.
It was also the one which was built for the longest time, 16 years, from 1974 to 1990.
He claimed that the Ahmadiyya Movement stood in the same relation to Islam, as Christianity stood to Judaism at the time of Jesus.
His state funeral was held on 31 March 2014. citation He was buried at the Ávila Cathedral.
The name Josquin des Prez is spelt in several different ways in old documents.
They cannot be more than one inch above the stumps.
Lisans diplomasını Albany Eyalet Üniversitesi'nden almıştır.
Heidenheim collaborates with the town of Nattheim in administrative matters.
He was a member of the Free Democratic Party of Switzerland (FDP).
It was one of the most deadly.
Drinks made from bourbon include Lynchburg Lemonade, Manhattan, and Old Fashioned.
She sold one railway and controlled the other one with the help of her brother.
奥尔良也是main的主产地，属于法国卢瓦尔河谷葡萄酒产区，其种植园分布于奥尔良及周边的多个市镇 citation 。
In other words, the income tax rate is the part, or portion, of a person's income that the government takes.
以傳統浪漫風格與戲劇般華麗服飾聞名，皇家閹伶是最受大眾喜愛的品牌。
The cartridges are fed into the gun using a belt.
China's Ministry of Education controls the university directly.
On January 28, 1912, a mob broke out and busted into the prison cell where Alfaro was held at.
PKK'nın 27 Kasım 1978'de kurulmasının ardından, Türk Silahlı Kuvvetleri ile arasında küçük çatışmalar başladı.
恭己曾經對他十分憧憬，「圖書館之君」的稱號就是各務起的。
Nostalgia is also shown to help reinforce memories, as well as assist with learning.
》系列、《失憶症：黑暗後裔》、《
M&Ms have also been included in many other candy products.
However, Berger was unable to catch Mansell as he in turn had handling issues.
They are black or gray with white on their belly and a white "armband" across their flippers.
Power is restricted in most jurisdictions not to exceed 5 milliwatts.
Bu herhangi bir yönetim biçimi için iyi bir yargı olmayı sürdürdüğü sürece sistem yürüdü.
The comédie en vaudeville grew from the tradition of these simple songs.
It sank into the soft soil of a path.
That same year, he signed a minor league contract with the Rangers.
Madina Nalwanga (born in 2000) citation became famous for her lead role in Disney's Queen of Katwe.
Jolly is shocked and so is the family.
，导致海底滑坡而引发 citation 。
Savage was married to Tunji "Tee Billz" Balogun.
She gives birth to a son and names him Tom Marvolo Riddle.
They go to the Fourth of July fireworks together, and puts Freak on his shoulders so he can see.
Lisan eğitiminin ardından Bir Reklam Ajansında metin yazarlığı yaptı.
Why was it so difficult for the United States government under the Articles of Confederation to respond to revolts like Shay's Rebellion?
這個單位在1980年代參與了多次的行動和事件，
The Diablo could accelerate 0-convert in about 4.5 seconds.
福特在自己的服役过程中先后获得了美国本土战功勋章、第二次世界大战胜利奖章、优等步兵徽章和品德优良奖章 ，于1946年6月18日光荣退役 。
In such games, the goals is to knock the opponent off stage, rather than kill the opponent, and the higher the damage percentage, the further attacks will knock the opponent off stage.
They called this land "Afghanistan" (meaning "land of the Afghans").
In ancient times the beginning of each season was called Setsubun.
It was introduced in 1999.
Only with the Red army they had a chance.
After the 2004 Games, more money was there for Paralympic athletes and he was able to race more.
Karamete eskrimci bir ailenin kızıdır.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
Celâl Bayar 610 milletvekilinden 413 DP milletvekilinin katıldığı oylamada 413 oy alarak üçüncü defa cumhurbaşkanlığına seçildi.
They also hold the annual Miss Possum Queen, have many snacks and beverages, and Bluegrass Music.
It is cooked on a special grill.
Reaction time of a human is typically around 100 milliseconds but can be faster for people who train to have quicker reactions.
，柏林战役和保障部队强渡第聂伯河、
，文学赏析组佳作奖（〈拒绝袜色主义：浅析吕育陶诗作的政治抵抗〉）
Grand Prix motorcycle and short-circuit road racer.
Ms. Pac-Man plays similarly to Pac-Man.
Diophantus genellikle "cebirin babası" olarak adlandırılır çünkü sayı teorisine, matematiksel gösterime büyük katkıda bulunmuştur ve Arithmetica senkoplu gösterimin bilinen en eski kullanımını içermektedir.
Set in 2021, an outer space, when forces by Johnny Destiny fights an army of evil Queen to destroy the world.
NoSQL is used for Big data and real-time web apps.
Quill, along with TJ Murphy and Paddy Crowley MCC, have been credited with establishing "labourers' clubs" in County Cork during the 1920s and 1930s.
Diğer taraftan b.
The Seasons is different.
The calling code for Armenia is +374.
However, by 1940 Tipton was living as a man all the time.
在KING使用尿遁逃逸時，戰鬥對手成為傑諾斯。
The main character in the game (who the player controls) is Wei Shen.
Using IBM® SPSS® Statistics: An interactive hands-on approach.
》（The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr.
他一直於廣告，電視及電影發展，主要擔任導演。
在2010年結束七年婚姻 citation citation citation ，現單身。
The Prussian king chose the Chancellor.
Larsen won several dozen major international tournaments during his career, and was awarded the first Chess Oscar in 1967.
It first appeared on The Late Late Show on April 5, 2010.
As of May 2016, 31 versions each have more than 1,000 articles.
、内大臣） 1949年（昭和24年）1月25日 （
當時警衛團共有三千多名成員，日夜輪流巡邏各地礦場，成功減少了燒礦事件。
There are slight differences between the Grimms's version of the sleeping princess tale and that of Perrault.
The word concertmaster comes from the German Konzertmeister.
Bu askeri sefer Memluklarla yıllar süren barışı sağlayan karşılıklı anlaşmaları ihlal etmekteydi.
The battle is considered by some to be Carson's finest moment, and is thought one of the factors that made the Kiowas and Comanches sue for peace in 1865.
Since it began in 1982, it has been awarded at the end of 25 seasons to 27 different players.
However, he turned away from Korean independence activism in 1915 to become a pro-Japanese activist.
The top level of non-League football is the National League.
食用裝在有雙耳的湯杯中時，為了測試湯的冷熱程度，可以使用附帶的小湯匙先試一口。
It is the second most productive oil and gas field in China.
，位於該國西南部，由烏伊拉省負責管轄，始建於1664年，面積210平方公里，海拔高度935米，2005年人口12,811，人口密度每平方公里61人。
In the last game of the 2008 NFL preseason, Matt Moore was injured and did not play during the 2008 NFL season.
He had found them in prehistoric lake deposits along with the bones of extinct animals and concluded that they were made by people "who had not the use of metals" and that they belonged to a "very ancient period indeed, even beyond the present world".
As they are establishing roles for all of the animal citizens within their new city, Celeste reveals to Babar that she is pregnant; she later gives birth to triplets Flora, Pom, and Alexander.
Skates and rays are also different in the way the give birth.
》、《新参者》（加贺恭一郎系列）、《美丽的凶器》。
The ranges are protected by the West MacDonnell National Park citation There is a long walking trail along the ranges called the Larapinta Trail.
Real Madrid C takımının altyapısından Real Madrid'in 2. takımı Castilla'ya gitmiştir.
Kaplow cured Lootz' habit by breaking his kneecap.
Because of its performance advantage, today many language implementations execute a program in two phases, first compiling the source code into bytecode, and then passing the bytecode to the virtual machine.
These are much more common than commands.
They are ancient animals, dating back to 518 million years ago.
He says that he uses humor as a way to defend himself.
高分特点：容易感受到各种积极的情绪，如快乐、乐观、兴奋等。
，伊罗生发现《国际新闻通讯》刊登的那篇斯大林演讲已被剪走，显然这是遵照斯大林命令，由在纽约的党的积极分子剪走。
Each disciple has their own expression showing their own reaction to what Jesus has just told them.
，直至2018年的季後宣佈退休。
The game begins in 1958, two years before the events of BioShock.
On October 27, 2010, the girls released their third mini album, "Hoot" (훗).
Mehmet'in mi Osmanlı hükümdarı olduğu konusuna bir açıklık getirilemedi.
He seems to have spent his later years living in Rheins, working on his compositions.
A great deal of progress has been made since then in brain trauma research, citation such as the discovery of primary and secondary brain injury.
It is a favorable reaction, which means that the chemical reaction "wants" to move towards its lower state.
Most computers come with a specified set of very basic instructions that correspond to the basic machine operations that the computer can perform.
Patrick Spencer Johnson (November 24, 1938 July 3, 2017) was an American author.
Mountain biking can generally be broken down into multiple categories.
全部興建經費約為五千五百至六千萬美元之間，大約為2008年的十億美元 citation Consumer Price Index (CPI) Conversion Factors 1774 to estimated 2018 to Convert to Dollars of 2008, Robert Sahr, Associate Professor Oregon State University.
，伊朗欢迎对其地震灾区的国际援助 citation 。
又因天氣暑熱，長途行軍，且未鼓動群眾，後勤工作不佳，沿途逃亡的士兵很多 citation 。
He studied at Wayne University.
For a child, a model is someone of authority or higher status in an environment.
In the desert, she and Rory find the Doctor.
莊景賀（1978年5月12日 － ），
Her works deal with the spectral music style.
These fusions would have made the pelvic region more powerful and equipped to counter the force of gravity when not supported by the buoyancy of water.
There he went on to win the NBA Rookie of the Year Award after his debut season.
Bangladesh is the nation which established both relations among two Koreas.
Because of this, the Italian government is building the MOSE Project, a state-of-the-art defense against the sea-water flooding, that will safely protect Venice indefinitely.
Suriye'nin ana petrol üreticisi El-Furat Petrol Şirketi'nde 6 yıl çalıştı.
In November 2012, Loughner was sentenced to life in prison.
，但未獲足夠資金 citation 。
It either taken temporarily or permanently.
He was a founder member of Nepal Student Union created in March 1970.
It has warm to hot (and often humid) summers and cold (sometimes very cold in the northern areas) winters.
，兩岸关系在如此的刺激之下变得极为危险。
Kalkış ağırlığı, menzil, kabin ve motorlar tipler arasındaki farkları teşkil etmektedir.
Usually their colors are dull, mostly they are brown, dark brown, or black.
In 1991, 50 naira notes were issued, followed by 100 naira in 1999, 200 naira in 2000, 500 naira in 2001 and 1000 naira on October 12, 2005.
It is not true that dodos exist.
At the beginning of 2018, there are almost about 1 million people living with HI /AIDS in South America.
Instead of keeping track of temperature or wind speed, they tell us how much push or pull a charged particle will feel at that point in space, and which direction it will be pushed.
In English, the spellings Vietnam, Viet-Nam, and Viet Nam have all been used.
She also served as United States Ambassador to Switzerland from 1996 to 1999.
Cases, which are designed to attach to, support, or otherwise hold a smartphone, are popular accessories.
、管理和使用这些服务，根据业务需求将这些服务组合成产品。
It is part of Haiti and has an area of convert.
The HFL is a full member of the Scottish Football Association.
Laplace was the originator of a number of mathematical techniques, and the author of the nebular hypothesis of how the solar system arose.
It has even been used for fossils of early amphibians.
Typically, this document is the basis of design for plant engineering.
American robins used to be killed for their meat.
With unconventional warfare, this is not the case.
People of Jhelum District speak Punjabi.
Two items of different types may cost less than another, but they can otherwise have the same price.
They love to ride in vehicles and are good "road trip" dogs.
Map showing kingdom of Edom (in red) when it was largest, at about 600 BC.
The movie got generally favorable reviews from movie critics.
She thinks that Karenin loves to pretend, and this is one of the greatest reasons why she does not like him.
Don Henley wanted the single pulled from stores.
In January 1836 he joined William B. Travis as co-
使用了EOT技術並裝備了近、中距離戰用的實彈兵器。
He was buried at Metairie Cemetery in New Orleans, Louisiana.
He also carried a cyanide pill to take if he was captured.
It is believed that Romans used to play this game with wooden blocks of different numerical values.
Fox & Friends is a daily morning conservative Thompson, Ethan, and Jason Mittell.
大连足球特区→大连赛德隆→珠海安平格力空调→珠海中邦→上海中邦→上海联城中邦（与上海申花合并）
And modern day members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints (sometimes referred to as Mormons) also have hints in the Book of Mormon.
She is a member of Woody's Roundup as shown in the TV show.
Its maiden voyage, or first voyage, was on January 14, 1953.
這塊土地也是現在校區的所在地。
Azerbaycan Muğamını Koruma altına almış ve tüm dünyaya duyurmuştur.
The peninsula was chosen because it is a natural port.
This program provides roughly 6,000 meals daily to over 130 locations in Arizona.
Parks Canada continued to buy more land for the park from ranchers.
For example, observations may tell that more of a chemical compound exists than previously thought possible.
）11月20日 - 站名改為十勝清水。
Amerikan radyosunda en çok gelir elde eden isimler arasındaydı.
Bu katliamlara diğer Fransız şehirleri de maruz kaldılar.
It is written in 3/4 time.
In other words, for an orthonormal space with any number of dimensions, the dot product is invariant under a coordinate transformation based on an orthogonal matrix.
En az kızı kadar problemli babası David, kızının yaşadığı bu olayın etkisinden kurtarmak için küçük bir kasabaya yerleşir.
Humans of the Neolithic period made their stone tools in finer shapes by grinding and polishing.
's second daughter, Titiek Suharto.
The movie is about a man named Marvin Mange who is critically injured and is put back together by a mad scientist who transplants animal parts, which results in strange changes to his behavior.
Henry Crawford falls really in love with Fanny, and proposes to her, but she says no.
Derrick was a representative for South Carolina's 3rd district.
他还有一个儿子Liam（1996年出生），是他与布莉姬·魯妮（Bridget Rooney）所生的 citation 。
On June 15, 2008 Columbia Sportswear announced a three year sponsorship of the team beginning on July 5, the start of the Tour de France.
They need to eat frequently, and live in areas where they are protected from the coldest weather.
，故各庄地點會有所不同，而後才是傳統遊戲競渡，屈原是為林趖老村長改為端午節舉行後才加入一併紀念。
'ne bağlı kaldı.
在平地上克看到要塞、建築、教堂、
”。 citation 她没有在事件中受伤。
Additional salt is pumped out through exocrine glands.
印度洋的轮廓为北部为陆地封闭，南面則以南緯60度為界，
The three largest ones are Aquidneck Island, Conanicut Island and Prudence Island.
Cleveland and Frances Folsom sent letters to each other.
Rotimi, is an American actor, singer, and model.
Carter now pays her mother to read scripts and provide her opinion of the characters' psychological motivations.
这次事故也促成了在2000年生效的温德·福特航空投资和21世纪航空业改革法案。
他認為這就是93號元素，並將其命名為Bohemium。
There were reports that Xi's authority got damaged by his handling of the trade dispute with US.
The language that de Wahl made was meant to be a language that was both regular and international at the same time.
Other composers have used it in their compositions, e.g.
Saray'dan almış olduğum koca bir ekmeğin yarısını onlara verdim.
Trades often happen on the last day.
While writing he also worked in the police so he could provide for (look after) his family.
They are also very deep.
Paley was not the first to use the analogy, though.
Toledo's manufacturing industry concentrates on automobiles and glass.
Like other Capuchin monkeys, the white-headed Capuchin matures slowly.
Australian Catholic University.
Andersson is married to Kent Peter Kristian Andersson and has two children.
However, in humans, this is only the base of the hierarchy.
The average hemorrhoid case will require only one treatment per hemorrhoid.
Basketball courts can be different sizes.
Its last change was into the more widely known Committee for State Security (
Besides, he is Angshu's father and Nilanjana's father-in-law.
Pec-Ślesicka was known for producing Rok pierwszy, Without Anesthesia and Danton.
He succeeded his father to the throne on 17 December 1865 and was king until his death.
The difficulty of this problem arises from the functional fixedness of the candle box.
Gradually, all the weeds look more like the crop plant.
Bu türlü bir dinin en büyük erdemi itaat, baş günahı ise itaatsizliktir.
The story of a private investigator, Disciple Manning, who suffers from a condition like Hyperthymesia.
Cantona has more than 140 appearances with Manchester United.
東部與南部是稱為「見沼田圃」的田園地帶。
It was only his fourth F3 race.
The King and Queen were taken prisoner.
He was appointed as a Knight, First Class of the Order of St. Olav in 2006 for his efforts in fashion design.
Tightening could be done on purpose or by struggling.
They got 50% of the people's vote.
As a daughter of the king of France she had the title of "daughter of France" which was highly prized within the royal family.
The term "credit reputation" can be also used to describe credit history or credit score.
For example, one study found that participants thought their own relationships were better than others' relationships on average.
It is the fourth largest party in the Dáil. citation The Green Party was also part of the government from 2007 until 2011.
TGRT Belgesel olarak yayına devam etmektedir.
The six SBDs assigned to the southern sector were to fly out only convert and then look for submarines.
當西貝鱷咬合時，上頜、下頜的牙齒會緊密嚙合。
As a senior he bcame Swedish national champion four times.
From 2006 to 2010, he played with the Heart of Lions.
，明確地呈現出粒子的某些量子行為。
通常指的天津话是以天津市内六区（
注意某些元素有不止一种得分来源，这样在回溯过程中会产生多个路径。
By the early 1900s, though, Cunard was faced with many other ships from several countries also competing with it for passengers going across the Atlantic.
」，建醮往往是為大型災禍消災的儀式，把建醮文化放在就職典禮上「犯忌諱」 citation 。
There are daily bus connections form Dakhla to the north.
They are also known as ´´Energie`` or ´´Die Lausitzer``.
He was thought to be one of the greatest ever in his country.
King, kölelik nedeniyle mahrum olunan maaşların geri alınmasını amaçlamıyordu, zaten bunun imkânsız olduğunu düşünüyordu.
Singh, and his wife Chitra Singh who is also a ghazal singer, achieved a lot of commercial success in the 1970's and 1980s. citation He recorded more than 50 albums.
The movie got mixed to negative reviews, including from British reviewers.
Shuttles stopped flying for two and a half years.
Washington became angry citation and ordered Lee and "Mad" Anthony Wayne to slow the British down while he, Washington, took command.
In July 1860, he ceased a conflict between Muslims and Christians.
If the dendrites get lots of signals from axons, then it sets off a chain reaction.
It is quick and graceful.
、製造及成效問題，包括疫苗成效甚低、
這一設計比起傳統的通過減緩一側履帶的速度來讓坦克轉向的系統，磨損更小，能量損失也更少。
The property was owned by Mr Edward Flood covered about convert.
Frankie Knuckles (front) in October 2012.
Rodrigo de Rato y Figaredo (born 18 March 1949) is a Spanish politician.
南澳洲目前也正在進行改革法律的過程中，而在此之中也可以見到關於重大犯罪行為將不再適用一事不再理原則。
一說是因面較小，因此稱為小面。
The largest island, Isabela Island, consists of six coalesced shield volcanoes, each delineated by a large summit caldera.
在查看了监控录像后，众人发现正是罗伯特和伊格纳奇奥在前一晚偷走了面具。
To measure something is to give a number to some property of the thing.
」尹子奇大怒，用刀撬開張巡的嘴巴，只見嘴裡僅有牙齒三四顆。
Tevfik Esenc, last speaker of the Ubykh language (b.
It was produced by Balaraba Ramat Yakubu and Ado Ahmad Gidan Dabino MON.
Some people think this is because the people that live there ate some dead animals from the forest.
Some statues show small children at his feet.
該13個公社都是1958年—1959年民主改革時置的鄉，
It can be difficult for fans to get to.
Mother Rigby says, "There are thousands upon thousands of coxcombs and charlatans in the world, made up of just such a jumble of wornout, forgotten, and good-for-nothing trash as he was!
Charlie Byrd, American jazz guitarist (d.
Aboriginal myths such as these are often focused around moral lessons, such as reminders of whether it is alright to eat certain types of food.
It is a corrosive liquid (
Michael J. O'Connor (December 15, 1928 – October 24, 2018) was an American politician.
With proprietary software, only the people that make the software can see and change the code.
； 吳倫霓霞編（1993年），頁20。
As of 2016, it has locations in all major states in Mexico and it has over 7,000 active volunteers that works for them, benefiting more than 120,000 people.
Experimental research on educational media.
It will be Sean’s debut album and is said to include a plethora of hip-hop heavyweights.
Batılı gözlemcilerin hayli tartışmalı bulduğu seçimleri, Özbekistan Liberal Demokratik Partisinin adayı olarak % 90.6 ile kazandı.
After the 2003 season, Modell, along with several other Ravens front office members, retired.
There are many ways of exploring the island including walking, cycling and using inflatable boats.
Like the A section, it begins in the tonic key of G major, and modulates to the dominant key of D major at the end of the first 8 bars.
比例計算是指把所得獎牌折換成分數計算，然後進行排名，這種方式僅流行於一時。
In a subplot taking place in Bangkok, Uma and Kanak plot to expose Maasi Saa and Aditya, and prove that Palomi is alive.
The protesters chanted that Trump is "Not my President!" and other slogans.
The eggs stay inside the female's body until they hatch.
This plan didn’t work.
It opened on April 10, 2010.
An alternative to this is to have a Hussainia where the speaker can sit down while giving the lecture.
Coleman took over as the show's female lead in the mid-series Christmas special.
She said it was the only figurine he was missing in his collection.
》中饰演“红孩儿”一角而再度成名。
This is too long, and mostly related to the lack of training.
Some of these were televised.
Arşimet'in ölümünden çok sonra hazırlanmış bir Romalı mezarıdır.
Big organizations (or even countries) sometimes use proxy servers to control access to the Internet.
This makes the RAID independent of the operating system.
Later on, the Sharks became unable to qualify for the playoffs.
It is usually visited for a time period of two-three hours.
” or to “seal a business agreement”.
Göztepe ise 1999'da 1. Lig'e çıkarak itibarını yeniden kazandı.
After a scribal benediction (transl), the first line has the first pada, RV 1.1.1a (transl).
"I heard a soundless shout" is a contradiction.
People who were born in 140 BC.
Dutch people today, especially those who remember the original series, are very disappointed that, apart from one programme, the whole series has been lost.
It is also considered the financial center of the state.
This category is for user accounts that have been identified as sockpuppets of Thylacinus cynocephalus.
The winner receives the Kenesaw Mountain Landis Memorial Baseball Award.
The Scots were defeated at Dunbar on 27 April 1296.
I cast lots of high threat spells during a Boss fight.
It also might have made an ultimate battle to the death between Margaret and the House of York inevitable by making manifest Richard's dangerous popularity with the Commons.
Chossudovsky M. The Globalization of Poverty: Impacts of IMF and World Bank Reforms.
Thus they would have been much less effective heat regulators, one of the postulated functions of plates.
Govindapala is believed to be the successor of Madanapala.
He played many matches as defensive midfielder in 2 seasons.
Small ingredients like sesame and roe (fish eggs) are usually sprinkled on the rice.
區內居民抱怨旅客迫爆、聲浪過大、影響生活、要求將巴士站遠離民居。
He was later called the 13th Apostle and Equal-to-apostles.
The term "home invasion" was first used in 1912.
The floor may get lower when the bus stops and higher when it moves.
Usually they were trained from young age and had to keep a very specific physical shape.
It was used as the original state capitol building of newly independent North Carolina.
Many Jews returned from Babylonia and built a country again and rebuilt the Temple.
The town of Kempston has now grown to be part of Bedford.
Saltanatı MÖ 1100'dan MÖ 1050 yılında ölümüne kadar sürmüştür.
The angular frequency is important in determining whether an object can stay above the ground against gravity, or whether a spinning top can stay standing.
The British retained Nagar's status as a 'principality' until 1947 but together with Hunza it was considered a vassal of Kashmir, although never ruled directly by it.
其他很多部队也参加了叛乱，于是叛乱迅速扩大，政府首脑梯也尔向所有还服从命令的正规军，警察以及各级行政人员和专家们下达了立即撤退令。
In 1833 he took over his father's business and within twenty years had expanded it to be the largest employer in Bradford.
A comedy team brings together a straight man (tsukkomi) who feeds punchlines to a funny man (boke).
The tannins can be soaked out, using water.
Anna is disappointed after she runs away with him and commits adultery because he is not perfect.
The Maori were unhappy with the problems in the town.
The intelligence of democracy.
She was awarded a 2006 Academy Award in Literature from the American Academy of Arts and Letters.
Liberals in the United States are also sometimes called "Progressives".
，而业界占相当份额的系统运行的是苹果公司的Mac OS X。Publisher定位于入门级的应用软件造成了很多的问题，比如在服务提供商的电脑上没有相应字体和嵌入对象等等（虽然Publisher提供了可以把相关联的文件压缩成一个自释放应用程序的工具）。
His focus upon politics had led to tensions in Jinnah's marriage.
The General Assembly was expanded to 60 members, elected annually and apportioned to the counties based on population.
The iron lump is then hit with a hammer many times.
Sometimes a small gift or sweet was put into the form.
The ones tey have are fused to form a solid ram.
Another bushranger, Curran was captured by the local police.
This exchange of alleles means the offspring are not identical to each other, or to either parent.
He made 144 league appearances for the club, scoring 44 goals.
，認為不會推倒樓市，以及會比在鐵路車廠上蓋建屋容易，他粗略估算貨櫃碼頭上蓋一旦建成住宅將可容納20至30萬人，
The band's third album, American Slang, was released on June 15, 2010.
Now it is a member of the British Commonwealth.
該城市年齡中位數為53.5歲。
He changed the polarity of the battery and the wire wrapped nail again turned just once.
Bu diyotlara gerilim uygulandığında, içlerindeki moleküllerin polarizasyonu değişmekte ve beraberinde de diyotun geçirgenliği değişmektedir.
公元971年改胶西仍为安丘，沿用至今。
The hill resort city of Murree is the capital city of this area.
The album debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200 chart.
I can love you.
Next, lying to the left of the ascending aorta and in front of the left atrium, the pulmonary artery lies at the level of the IV thoracic vertebra under the concavity of the aortic arch.
'nin Uluslararası Koalisyon tarafından devrilmesinin ardından lağvedilmiştir.
The following is a list of Pacific hurricane seasons.
The Nation is full of scientists but has kept its own culture.
，担任马来西亚内阁的秘书及首相署的次长。
The stocking colors of teams were a way of telling one team from another.
He did not wear shoes because the zoo worker had told him to take them off.
The Humane Society of the United States It also wants to end dog-fighting.
Currently, the average over three years is considered.
兩翼張開長約72毫米 citation 。
In the best case, all of the modules are working on different instructions at once, but this is not always possible.
，是保护国际和苏里南政府于1983年成立的自然保护区。
Although some organizations manage and store their own off-site backups, many choose to have their backups managed and stored by others who specialize in the protection of off-site data.
They slowly introduced a system of self-governing institutions.
As an aside, one important thing to note is that you can’t tell what the type of an object is - or even its size - by its address.
A series of “Prom” concerts is held there every year in August.
It has five lines, 74 kilometers and 64 stations.
The race starts at 3.00pm Melbourne (AEST) time.
From about 2000 it was known as the Eneco tour.
Rasyonalizm ve empirizm konularında da Lakotos'un sentez arayışında olduğu ve bu noktada eleştiriyor olsa da Popper'a Kuhn'dan daha yakın durduğu söylenebilir.
Native minerals include serpentine, asbestos, amethyst, kyanite, and gold.
This is called a citizen's arrest law.
專輯除了其中一首歌曲是由克里斯·艾立森負責製作之外，皆由酷玩樂團與英國專輯製作人main共同製作。
At the age of 68, Mr. Krishnappa's total assets were Rs.
The first post office in Emmett was created in November 1905. citation The community was named for Robert Emmet, an Irish nationalist.
These units were based on similar units that were in use before 1824.
，分属納波省、奧雷亞納省和蘇崑比奧斯省，始建於1994年3月，面積2,067平方公里。
She later ended her studies because she was invited by TVB to become an actress.
·禹贡》曾有“导河积石，至于龙门”的记载 - -
For his first escape attempt he jumped from a moving train.
，将其下狱，由于找不到证据而无审讯结果，最终岳飞被宋高宗以“莫须有”的罪名于绍兴十一年农历十二月廿九（1142年1月27日）除夕之夜，在杭州大理寺风波亭以鸩赐死。
Peter Canisius (Felemenkçe: Peter D'Hondt), ayrıca Pierre Kanis olarak da bilinir.
His grandfather traded his ability as a plumber for the chance to have his grandson appear on stage.
舒率其眾迎降胡烈，烈乘虛襲城，僉格鬥而死。
Beginning from 1889-1890, these countries held meetings known as the International Conference of American States.
The Caribbean Sea is famous around the world as a tourist destination.
This is because the deoxynivalenol moves out of the grain into the water, and the water is thrown away.
Several Linux distributions are based on RPM.
但过于认真地的少女接受了不变的宿命，压抑着自己的心在无意识之间过载折磨着自己的精神，于是厌恶无法踏出一步逃离，单纯接受父母愿望的自己，一直到现在等待、呼唤救出回应自己的愿望的人出现。
In 1993 Bush released The Red Shoes, her last album for twelve years.
The pie chart and the bar chart have the same data.
代理服务器的选项和设置在计算机程序中，通常包括一个“防火墙”，允许用户输入代理地址，它会遮盖他们的网络活动，可以允许绕过互联网过滤实现网络访问。
A residue analysis from some ceramic vessels also demonstrated that a portion of Teotihuacán's dietary input was pulque, which was fermented from the sap of the maguey cactus.
At his first Pro Tour tournaments, he reached Round 32. At the Asian Championships, he played well.
A continuum is when a change happens over time or an area without being interrupted.
At the end of 2014, the software of the parkingguidesystem was renewed.
The male has a shining green head, chest, and upper belly.
，但他最終落入屋大維的手中，屋大維因为害怕托勒密十五世會威脅他做为凱撒唯一繼承人的地位，而下令将他处死。
Ong said Lewin appeared to be dead.
Damage to United Airlines Flight 811 after the cargo door blew open mid-flight.
與鎮守太監勘處州銀礦，寶曰：「費多獲少，勞民傷財，慮生他變。
He was most recently with the NFL on Westwood One until 2012.
He also grew up there.
It means that someone is able to make a sensible decision without being forced to do so by someone else.
Troodons in Alaska were especially large, up to 12 feet long, 5 feet tall, and weighing up to 175 pounds.
Most methods used for calculating the value of π have desirable mathematical properties.
This means that it should not be in as many waters as it is.
“写鬼写妖高人一等，刺贪刺虐入骨三分” 。
This is because some atoms or molecules like getting extra electrons.
在解释资本结构的理论中，有三种代理成本被认为与之相关：
Each of them however has a different idea of what democracy really means.
According to one story the villagers placed helmets on top of the khachkars and leaned swords against them.
Once this article has been approved, this article will clarify that educational establishments can make non-commercial use of copyrighted works for illustrative purposes.
The official name of Switzerland is Confoederatio Helvetica.
Rocca would become one of the most well-known wrestlers in America during the golden age of television and had an uninterrupted seven-year run of headlining or co-headlining every main-event at the Garden.
佛洛里斯（Frans Floris）等画家的竞争有关。
A reprint in 1884 was quite successful.
All kinds of clothing send social messages as to what the person is.
Other styles of tantō differed by the shape of the blade.
Bonnke's autobiography, Living a Life of Fire, is a collection of stories of his life.
The elements of the group are called vectors, and the elements of the field are called scalars.
继续向北，805号州际公路通过大桥跨越了米逊谷和圣迭戈河（San Diego River），
"The age of comets".
This acts to keep the brain in place.
Adı bir bilim müzesine verildi.
This is because the city created the East Hills Business Park in 1986.
Petr Čech was born as a triplet (due to which he had a weak skull) to father Václav Čech and mother Libuše Čechová.
为了达到这个目的，约瑟斯在犹太人的叙述中省略了某些记述，甚至在他的作品中加入了希腊化的 "釉色"。
解放军击败国军援军后，再次对汤阴国军展开围攻。
When she was seven her first book, Flying Fingers, was published around the world.
Some were captured.
The work is in two parts and seven sections, each played without a break.
There are a few smaller versions of the Britannica encyclopedias.
Throughout the early Palaeozoic, the Earth's landmass was broken up into a substantial number of relatively small continents.
地月系統是研究這種情況的最佳事件。
从1787年开始直至去世，阿卜杜勒·
It was spoken by the Vanyar and Noldor elves in Valinor.
The earliest damselfly-like insect and the origin of modern dragonflies (Insecta: Odonaptera: Protozygoptera).
Most states and cities allow sugar gliders as pets, with some exceptions.
Old World porcupines (Hystricidae) have quills in clusters, whereas in New World porcupines (Erethizontidae) single quills are mixed with bristles, underfur, and hair.
Hurricane Olivia was the second strongest storm of the season.
Uncle Ben tells him to be careful about when to use his strength and that "with great power, comes great responsibility."
） by Jim Kaler, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 。
Şiire ara verir.
It was first broadcast on April 12, 1999.
If English speakers today were to hear or read a passage in Old English, they would understand just a few words.
However, on the right side of the Cinnabar and Seafoam Islands, no data is actually assigned to this buffer, and the information from the previous location is used instead (the player's name data).
At the end of the speech, he talks about the possibility that he might be killed.
Danny Schechter, “Falun Gong’s Challenge to China,” p 69. （英文） 。
He takes it and murders Duncano (who never sings in the opera).
It has a small head and an unusual pointed snout.
She had six nominations for her ‘Real Love’ video.
Thus, while the lowlands experience quite pleasant weather, the uplands may be covered in snow or battered by very strong winds.
This means trying the programs out on real kids during the production stage.
The Tea Party movement has been cited as an example of grassroots political activity, although it has also been cited as an example of astroturfing.
Access Hollywood (May 12, 2010).
Bunun yanında bir de Memlûk ordusunun tüketimiyle halk daha da zor duruma düşmüştü.
It is has green feathers on its back, wings and tail.
The festival has been happening every year since 1990.
Not due to male line descent.
Until his career as a player in 1957, Kempa won the championship in Göppingen one more time in the hall (1955) and in the field (1957).
Those marrying also have to be of a certain age to be able to marry.
He also worked for the Duke of Gloucester.
Vaaler worked in a patent office, or place that deals with patents, and could have given himself a patent very easily.
While she celebrate with champagne, it is found that Kayise is not yet dead.
When a child, she is addressed as Himeko, and her magic powers are greatly hindered.
Construction began in September 1997 and was completed in September 2001 at a cost of HK$3.0 billion citation (US $385 million).
In the sixth season Lele, who divorced from Alice, returns home with his children, Bobo and Elena.
It is at 50° 38 North, 03° 55 East.
Some shepherds learned to carve instruments out of wood.
DearStage時，因為受到成瀬瑛美的接待，
The club sent him on a six-month loan to Austrian Bundesliga's Rapid Vienna in January 2008.
All children who go to Seven Kings Primary will be allowed to move on to Seven Kings High School, if they or their parents choose to do so.
It became part of the area then known as Khurasan, which reached its peak of civilization in the twelfth century.
There are several types of meteorites including: stony, carbonaceous chondrites, and iron-nickel.
，2012年時代百大人物，次女蒲婷从事影片编辑行业。
Using a catheter increases the risk for urinary tract infections.
Rehineler kaçarlarsa veya saldırganlarla iletişim kurabilir / sinyal verebilirlerse içeriden daha fazla bilgi sağlayabilirler.
As of 2015, the oblast has a population of 7,231,068 people.
He can also freeze time.
It has a population of 2,258,367 (2001 census), and an area of convert, with a population density of 9,034 persons per km² (23,397 persons per mi²).
貝斯倫島（Beslen Island），
The official name was "Polizeiliches Durchgangslager Amersfoort", P.D.A. or Police Transitcamp Amersfoort.
It is served by Vitebsk Vostochny Airport and Vitebsk air base.
She tells him that she knows he is here to defeat them and that Hercules has been beaten by women.
Geldiği ilk sezonda 8 maçta şans bulan oyuncu, beklenilen performansı gösteremedi ve altyapı'ya gönderildi.
But later found that his recordings had become popular on the beach music circuit in the Carolinas, where he continued to perform at live performances.
The cataclysm itself is no more than seven hours away.
He had four sons and five daughters.
In December 2005 Zerpa was appointed cultural ambassador of the city of Colonia, Uruguay.
Bu sebeple Müşkürlü İmam Hacı Davud adı ile de tanınmıştır.
一张1747年绘制的的格陵兰地图，从今天来看错误百出。
Ó Dálaigh proved to be a mixed success as president.
商業一台、二台現場直播頒獎禮實況，當晚《
On September 20, 2004, she lost her campaign for re-election in the 2004 Indonesian presidential election.
光明社區、團結社區、袁市廟村、團壩村、樹埡村、增產村、石河村、崇石村、萬勝村、天華村、大光明村、沙堰村、長岩村、石坎村。
In 1992, he started to work on a concept-car for his very own car.
Indigenous peoples may face discrimination and denial of rights because of their ethnicity or status.
城寨城堡由土堤－－通常建有城堡要塞或塔樓－－與城壁所組成，做為隱密的庭院。
劉備為他連日哭泣，諡號翼侯，讚譽法正生前深謀遠慮。
When a country applies for membership, the IMF’s Executive Board examines the application.
He helped Britten to compose using proper musical techniques.
It is also used when a nonreactive acid is needed.
A developing kangaroo in its pouch.
He was a famous writer.
康登的座標為coord ，而該地的平均海拔高度為72米（即236英尺）。
Genes, mind and culture: the coevolutionary process.
It has a large appetite and eats woodlice, slugs, beetles, caterpillars, flies, worms and even small mice. citation citation Small, fast moving prey may be caught by a flick of the tongue.
Sri Lanka have been more successful with 27 victories, Bangladesh have won in 3 games.
Explorer在中國的主要竞争对手 citation ，
For this reason, the Assyrian Church of the East is sometimes called Nestorian.
In total, there are seven such towers around Moscow.
而为安抚苏联，德国又于1926年与苏联签订《柏林条约》，重申《拉帕洛条约》的有效性。
，其製備與應用劑量（12-24mg）在PiHKAL一書中均有闡明。
His best known movies were Kad čuješ zvona (When You Hear the Bells, 1969) and U gori raste zelen bor (A Green Pine Tree grows on the Mountain, 1971).
They feature in the 2010 BBC Radio 4 series A History of the World in 100 Objects as number 61, in the "Status Symbols" section.
Ali Emîrî Efendi, 16bin eserden oluşan özel kitap koleksiyonunu 1916 yılında Fatih'te Feyzullah Efendi Medresesi'ne bağışladı.
At first the adult gives the pup a dead animal, then when the pup is older, the adult will bring a live animal but will hurt it so the pup can kill it easier.
It is powered by the GE90-115B turbofan, the world's most powerful jet engine with a maximum thrust of 115,300 lbf (513 kN).
Are We Done Yet?
Qazi Hussain Ahmad won the general elections in 2002 but he left the seat as he had also won from his native constituency.
In September 2011 she released her first mixtape Ignorant Art.
但是，這個舉動把 Kabitt 和 Aka 激怒了，他們覺得這是個侮辱，想要報仇，殺了Kakumodan。
They are pretty resistant to data change, can support temperatures up to about 100 °C, and do not care much about light.
WGN - Journal of the International Meteor Organization, Vol. 38(3), pp. 87–98.
其夫人范馨香，與他同科考試，同榜及格，考取法律系。
All the categories are about making new things or repairing or cleaning old things to make them useful again.
中期票据的最大特点在于发行人和投资者可以自由协商确定有关发行条款 张程,尹志锋.
It is packaged and sold.
There is a flaw however: There are numbers that pass the test, and that are not prime.
His two last seasons at the club was in Allsvenskan in 2013 and 2014.
享年38歲零4個月，等於人類114歲。
The city is the most southern city in Japan.
Chronic means it happens over a long amount of time.
The capital is Mariental.
A public viewable version of this claim as dated 2006 is visible on the Internet Archive citation.
He won the World Tag Team Championship two times.
Potassium permanganate is more common.
It got several prizes in last 10 years.
Each species' season is different and lasts from two to eight months.
Throughout history, many Christians have said that they have been healed by Jesus.
He was a member of Tau Beta Pi, Society of Sigma Xi, and Sigma Nu.
This is part of the detailed plan.
Too little tongue weight (less than 10 percent) can cause the trailer to sway from side to side.
In Bambi II, her effect on Bambi has changed little since the first movie.
This clone is Claire herself.
Today, it is one of the oldest banks in the world and a leading bank in the world.
The first single, "She's My Kind of Crazy" was released on July 16, 2012.
They are the most common antimony compounds.
在被保險人自己的支付到達自負額滿額之前，
Creatine is already in the body as a natural substance and in some food (for example beef).
，《聽媽媽的話》名列第8位，《白色風車》名列第53位。
Gazete "Yeni Dünya" (ЦIийи дуьнья) ismiyle Hacıbey Hacıbeyov tarafından 1928'de kurulmuştur.
It airs Wednesdays at 8:00 p.m. ET. citation It premiered in Spanish on November 1, 2014 on UniMás.
This is a small piece of wood.
A constant factor k is to be determined experimentally.
》播出，本作是光之美少女系列第一部在令和時代開播的作品，亦是多年來女性參與主創陣容比例最高的一代。
However, none of the relevant interactions occur at the level described by quantum mechanics or the uncertainty principle.
Beginning in the 1960s, he worked at the Polemological Institute.
He is also known as Sieur de Bienville.
The Office of National Drug Control Policy is a part of the Executive Office of the President of the United States.
Starting in 1693, families from Salem came to escape the Salem witch trials.
He married Sophie Rhys-Jones (born 20 January, 1965) on 19 June, 1999, the day he was made Earl of Wessex.
Spices can also be used to hide or cover up bad tastes in the food, because it is rotten or affected by fungi, e.g. marzipan.
If as was evident it was not an attachment to the soul, but a yearning solely towards the body, Lycurgus stamped this thing as foul.
The term is also used to refer to items made out of this material and to its natural, brownish orange color, which varies considerably.
But this is rare.
She announced that had plans to start a clothing and jewelry line called House of Maryse.
Most mathematicians who have studied the question think there are an infinite number of Mersenne primes.
Fates Warning now consists of Matheos on guitar, Ray Alder on vocals and Joey Vera on bass.
If all three players have a score of zero, none of the players move on to the semi-finals, and another wild card spot is added.
The full circuit, the "Suzuka East" and "Suzuka West" configuration.
虽然齐格蒙特在争夺瑞典王位的过程中主要使用外国雇佣军，基本上没有使用波兰军队，但是两国还是陷入战争。
When he died in 1227 AD, he had conquered Central Asia, North China and parts of eastern Persia.
黃運金（1898年1月5日－1996年8月5日），
The book's guardian, Kero, gives Sakura the task of finding and capturing the cards, using the Clow Wand to seal them in their card forms.
押沙龍極為英俊，在以色列的勇士中無人能及，因此他自命不凡，野心勃勃。
The first village of Nagar is Chalt Valley near Guroo, Janglote from Gilgit and the last village of Nagar is Hisper, Biafo Range that links Baltistan with the eastern range.
After that it was almost completely forgotten until long after Bach’s death.
On November 15, 2001, the town of Sanriku (from Kesen District) also merged into Ōfunato.
Some species do not leave after this stage, but remain to safeguard their offspring.
Abbey Road had three different studios for most of its history.
The politics of Washington Monthly are often seen as center-left.
She was a very strong and determined woman, and was full of common sense, traits that were both passed on to Clara.
'nin sevgilisi için seti bastığı iddia edildi.
There were some problems, but they were quite small and they were fixed quickly.
He can be friendly to the kids of the mall, or pretty aggressive to troublemakers.
This was a first for a female artist.
It was the home to the L'école de pilotage Winfield racing school.
Many people do not realize that extended warranties are not always provided through the manufacturer, but in some circumstances it may work to the consumer's benefit.
Sikorsky SH-3 Sea King is a twin-
In 1649, Oliver Cromwell went to Ireland and put down their rebellion.
Daniel Hale Williams (January 18, 1856 – August 4, 1931) was an African-American general surgeon.
İbn Nefis ölümünden önce tüm eserlerini Qalawun Hastanesine bağışlamış ve 1288 yılında Kahirede ölmüştür.
They have soft bodies.
Amboseli'de yollar gevşek bir volkanik toprak yüzeyine sahiptir ve kurak mevsimde tozlu, yağışlı mevsimde ise geçilemeyecek durumdadır.
The bribery involved in the passage of the authorizing legislation was so blatant that a Georgia mob attempted to lynch the corrupt members of the legislature.
例如，2005年3月，中华人民共和国召开“两会”前夕，有以下BBS同时宣布进入“系统维护”状态：
但亞齊奇對此表示反對：「歷史學者奧斯曼·圖蘭（Osman Turan）
The uncle does not approve of the marriage due to Jane’s poverty.
Some jugglers use bouncing objects.
Jumbo became a great attraction in the London Zoo.
After extensive analysis by the engineers, citation the problem was fixed by fitting 37 dampers (energy dissipating) to control horizontal movement and 52 (inertial) dampers to control vertical movement.
However, many of these are now no longer regarded as socialist.
The metro area of Palakkad has 293,566 people.
Scarlett has a flashback to her father's fatal accident while jumping his horse, and jumps up, begging Rhett to stop her.
He lost to Shorten.
In some cases, this means that it is possible to accurately predict the weather for a time of about ten days; in other cases a prediction over even a few days may be difficult.
They married in 1908.
Now there is no nucleus and the sister chromatids are free.
All parts that have stripes are sometimes not thought of as the East Coast.
In Asia, the club won 1992–93 Asian Cup Winners' Cup for 2 years in a row.
Mughal style, around AD 1610.
Whisper keys were also invented to prevent overblowing.
She was also known in science fiction for Young-Adult novels such as The Last Children of Schewenborn.
These spots are more visible on immature spiny dogfish, and they fade as the shark matures.
稱呼同為上忍的木葉丸為前輩，跟他一樣對慕留人愛護有加。
The German selection only lost to China.
Thinking and reasoning in human decision making.
Later, when Ben and Joe are not present, G-Fresh is asked to leave.
The show featured a large cast of performers, including many who were new to television.
This name was changed to Kaduna State in 1976.
在苏莱曼的突北入口处嵌入了克尔白神圣的黑陨石的一小块。
Ratner also directed Carey's videos for "I Still Believe", "Heartbreaker", "Thank God I Found You", "It's like That", and "
The experiment was intended to run for two weeks, but after 6 days had to be abandoned because the guards became more abusive towards the prisoners.
It was published as a book in 1888 by Frank A. Munsey of New York.
，并在1796年初让他们成为候补绅士，而让这些人对她颇有好感。
The very first time a 747 was used by an airline was on January 22, 1970.
Then he was married to Patricia Alvaran since 1998.
Al-Bayati's conclusion claimed that the county medical examiner on the original case missed the cause of death because the required standard medical-legal investigative procedures were not followed.
The factory was in ruins from the war and could only make a few cars at a time.
He helped defeat a Confederate force during the New Mexico Campaign in early 1862.
It is the largest flying bird known to have existed.
衣饰灿丽，香气逼人，仆妇甚众，房舍什物华美。
Members of the group could face up to 10 years in prison when they are sentenced.
，之后又设立了叶樱町（今馆陶路）分教室（
Atık yakma teknolojisinin yüzlerce yıl öncesine dayanan geçmişi bulunmakta olup, şu an Avrupa’da en sık kullanılan gelişmiş atık bertaraf yöntemidir.
Because the electrons move freely, the metal has some electrical conductivity.
The company went through a several ownership changes.
阻扰纳赛尔的泛阿拉伯计划的梦想破灭了，现在是纳赛尔和纳赛尔主义者阻扰了复兴社会主义运动。
Hobbema has used this straight road with two rows of tall trees to give a feeling of how far away the town is.
So, every electron in the electron bunch radiates independently.
The size and shape of the leg bones show that the Troodon would have been a fast runner.
Oyunda dekordaki salıncaklar Hikmet anlattıkça mekanlara, onunla konuşan kişiler ise el ve ayak parmaklarına dönüşür.
This book has music for two voices.
Where freshwater springs occur along the coasts and river banks, isolated pockets of coastal monsoon rainforests form.
，前兩顆是圓錐狀牙齒，而第三顆即為大型的長牙，下頜的長牙是齒骨的第一顆牙齒。
The island of Usedom within the district also has a number of lakes.
新大嶼山巴士並於2013年12月向城巴購入2輛前城巴機場豪華巴士，車隊編號2118及2120，該批車於2014年3月初移交，車隊編號為DN4(2118)及DN5(2120)。
It is found on plant leaves and stems, and any other green parts of the plant.
Orff strongly influenced his music.
Cherry picking as a term is quite negative, as it implies that the person doing the cherry picking is trying to deceive the audience, or simply does not care about the facts.
It is in Chuansha new town, pudong district.
The Lindley Library of the RHS has five branches.
Eight of the 69 Stations of the Nakasendō were in Ōmi.
John’s friends keep asking why he decided to “run off” so quickly.
Its area went from convert to convert and the population doubled from approximately 1.9 million to near 4 million, with almost 1.2 million of these new inhabitants coming from the 7 surrounding towns alone.
Aquila used two Sony Z1 cameras and a DSR 350 camera.
Alfred K. Newman (July 21, 1924 January 13, 2019) was a United States Marine.
Hugo Wolf is known almost only for his songs.
The museum was opened in 1997.
In this case it is from 2000 to 2001 in years of the Christian era.
The Alaska Legislature adopted the flag on May 2, 1927.
Prigorodny bölgesinin kontrolü Kuzey Osetya'da kaldı.
Augustine, Pelagius'un hayatı ve teolojisi hakkında önemli bir kaynak olarak yer almaktadır ve kendisi de onun hakkında kapsamlı bir şekilde yazdı.
About 2,200 people lived there in 2010.
The first Shamar Rinpoche Khedrup Drakpa Senge (1284–1349) was the principal disciple of the 3rd Karmapa Rangjung Dorje.
It usually starts between the ages of 20 and 40. Children and elderly people can also get this kind of arthritis.
In 2010, 5,708 people lived there.
From 2001 until his death, he was the Director General of the Czech Philharmonic.
式中的分號代表旋積的對象為 ，而分號右邊的 表示定義的尺度大小。
这个科的鸟是一种小到中型的雀类，大多为地栖性雜食動物，叫声变化多端。
She played for the United States women's national rugby union team at the 2014 Women's Rugby World Cup.
" that said that Shoghi Effendi was the "Guardian", and that his job was to guard and lead the Bahá'í Faith.
The science fair is open to 13–18 year old students around the world.
Everywhere in Germany, meat is eaten as a sausage.
In 1959 she voiced Maleficient in the first Dutch translation of Sleeping Beauty from Walt Disney.
From 1952 to 1990, it was the capital of the Gera District (Bezirk Gera) of the GDR.
Mayhem grubunun vokali Dead (dead İngilizce “ölü” anlamına gelir, bu kendisinin seçtiği bir rumuzdur), 1991 yılında alnına av tüfeğiyle ateş ederek intihar etti.
After four years, the driver will qualify for a full, unrestricted licence.
According to the 2011 census, 35% of Assam's population is Muslim.
、生产与销售，拥有全资子公司长春长生生物科技有限责任公司（简称长春长生）。
She sailed for the first time in December 1908.
At about 6 months age, oscars can be fed live feeder fish, such as minnows, small gold fish and other feeder fish that can fit easily in their mouths.
Ferdinand wanted them to run the government while he was gone.
She played 21 games and scored 3 goals for Japan between 1984 and 1990.
The county was created on March 1, 1811.
One of the story's settings is Republic City, a "metropolis powered by steam-type technology", "inhabited by people from all four nations".
The Saint in London is a 1939 British crime movie directed by John Paddy Carstairs and was based on the 1932 short story The Million Pound Day by Leslie Charteris.
The man in the middle is referred to with the slang term "Lucky Pierre".
Rönesans mimarı üslubunun güzel bir örneğidir.
Modi did not contest the 2005 and 2010 Bihar Assembly elections to be able to campaign for BJP.
The most famous name was Dasan, which meant "
It had negative reviews.
Raymond Geoffrey Hassall (1943 12 March 2017), known as Ray, was an British politician.
Melancholics can be creative in artistic areas such as poetry and music.
The front of the snout was made of cartilage.
However, they are not the same thing.
A cup of Dutch hot chocolate.
The Inuit made very clever things from the bones, antlers, and wood they had.
Deianeira was Hercules' third wife, who accidentally tricked him into his death.
Digestion occurs in three phases.
It was opened in 1891, on the initiative of Artur Hazelius (1833–1901).
An album he recorded with the Band, "Planet Waves," became his first No. 1 album ever.
Their independent research and analysis on global, regional and country-specific challenges is intended to offer new ideas to decision makers on how these could best be tackled from the near to the long term.
Sullivan onun üzerinde büyük etki bıraktı.
Some species have both eyes on the left (turbot), some on the right (halibut, sole); all living and fossil flatfish to date show an 'eyed' side and a 'blind' side.
'da bir kalenin kale burcu.
Mektuplarında papayı eleştirmeleri ve tatlı dille iknaları etkileyici olmakla birlikte asla papanın ‘yeryüzündeki İsa’ olduğuna inancını ve ona karşı itaatten ödün verilmemesi gerektiği düşüncesinin önüne geçmemiştir.
When we place the food inside the chamber and turn the timer switch on, it sends a command to the magnetron to send microwaves, as well as to the turn table to start turning.
The vocalist was Mako Miyata.
Facilities and rules vary in different countries.
It is illegal, but often not reported.
The two fall in love.
Sailors usually took very good care of their ship's cats to keep them happy.
After his death in 1002, Boleslav started the imperial policy.
People talked about it for thousands of years.
Sometimes it is yellowish.
，但還是以動畫師和人物設計師的身分參加動畫製作。
，格里菲斯获得了100米、200米、4×100米接力三枚金牌和4×400米接力银牌，并以21.
Till May he fell back to place 61, in this month he won the silver medal in the singles.
She was one of the first singers to do this, which made other people want to make similar music.
為管理當地部落的總督，真實身分是烏鴉的化身。
Hemsley's career began when he starred in a 1970 Broadway play in Purlie as Gitlow.
The theory was developed by Alan Fisher, Fisher A: The clash of progress and security.
Shanxi: Shanxi Society Science Magazine Association.
'ın ikinci büyük şehri ve en önemli limanı.
Many of these views have been proved wrong today.
， citation 使牠具有main。
Ayrıca oyunda Michael Madsen dışında diğer oyuncuların yüzleri kullanılmamıştır.
Music Producing Group 成員。
There are schools in Porth.
The amount made by a movie on its opening weekend is what is often reported.
On 29 May 1906, Esch-sur-Alzette was promoted to city.
His tail is longer and slightly thicker than before, and comes from his back, as well as becoming orange and black.
In addition to beautiful trendy patterned pantyhose, there are also functional pantyhose, such as modeling and compression pantyhose.
Their names were Pope Leo X (the 10th), Pope Clement VII(the 7th), Pope Pius IV (the 4th), and Pope Leo XI (the 11th) 2 Queens of France were from the medici- Catherine de’ Medici and Marie de’ Medici.
Tekirdağ ili, Malkara ilçesine bağlı olan belde, 5 cadde ve 40 sokaktan oluşmaktadır.
When the sun goes down and it gets dark the Muslim people will start eating again (this is called "breaking the fast").
On the outside, Daleks resemble human-sized salt and pepper shakers who are five to six feet (152 to 183 cm) tall.
Albümde üçüncü klibini "Kimdir O" adlı şarkısına çekti.
另一邊佐助認為大蛇丸該教他的全都學會了，大蛇丸的存在對他來說已經沒有利用價值，故先發制人，衝進其房間進行刺殺。
O yıllarda ordunun uçak ihtiyacı halktan ve zengin işadamlarından toplanan bağışlarla karşılanmaktaydı.
From 1802 until 1804, Paisiello worked in Paris composing music for Napoleon.
He or she may take $1,000 per letter occurrence or turn over the wedge.
前682年秋八月甲午，南宫長萬殺死宋後閔公於蒙澤，
相較於今日行政區，其範圍大致包括永興村、興隆村東北端。
It is situated in Vijay Nagar too and is termed best in its educational facility all over the city.
A committee studies the bill and recommends changes.
Smith is the former host of Fox News' evening newscast, The Fox Report with Shepard Smith, and Studio B. In October 2013, Shepard Smith Reporting replaced Studio B. Fox News Channel (September 2013).
The trophy is named for Clarence S. Campbell to honor his work for the NHL.
，该镇有3759人。 citation 米德尔敦镇建于1789年。
Tripoli has about one million people.
He served as Speaker of the North Carolina House of Representatives and as the 26th Lieutenant Governor of North Carolina.
Kashima city is an industrial city centering on a steel company.
There are several theories for the origin of the name parmigiana.
此後新疆维吾尔自治区党委和政府提出推进“伊斯兰教中国化”和“宗教中国化” citation citation citation citation citation ，开始限制各种宗教关系 citation citation citation citation 。
Full title: The Royal Society of London for the Improvement of Natural Knowledge.
，先在北京美术研究会旁听，1923年入北京俄文法政专门学校读书。
Mutton held office for 6 years (2000 – 2006).
Other countries are still debating the issue.
When he was seven his father started to teach him the piano.
The triceps can be trained by itself or together with other muscles by straightening the elbow or keeping it straight while holding something.
Since 1999, Vita Kin is married to Roman Kindrachuk, co-owner of Radioaktive Film production.
He was a member of the Indiana General Assembly from 1913 to 1915.
It was categorized as a Category 4 storm.
这片区域是维亚铁路最重要的市场，占其总营业客的67%。
The fleet arrived at Tayoan on April 2, and, after passing through a shallow waterway unknown to the Dutch, landed at Luermen.
在「2015年亞洲人氣主題公園」則是列在第十位。
Haider Tutuklandı ve Almanya'ya geri dönmeyi seçti.
In many cases, the cold climate in winter means a particular style of house with heating and a different lifestyle is needed to fit to the weather.
Many new council houses and flats were built around the city.
When they returned, Atum cried tears of joy.
The movie Lolita was the first movie that Kubrick made that created a lot of controversy.
但因1960年代後國鐵財務狀況不佳，
介冑执枹，立于军门，使百姓皆加勇，臣不如也。
Çin uzmanı Minxin Pei, yaygın yolsuzluğu kontrol altına almakta başarısızlığın, Çin'in gelecek ekonomik ve siyasi istikrarı için en ciddi tehditlerin arasında olduğunu ileri sürer.
There was also a kamikaze air attack on the ships anchored at sea on 21 February.
It was located in the towns of Broken Hill, Griffith, Hay and Narrandera.
She continued to investigate the problem and identified a new element that she called Suppressor-mutator (Spm), which, although similar to Ac/Ds, displays more complex behavior.
A serial killer's crimes are nearly always alike in some way.
When Leonardo grew up, he only wrote down two memories from his childhood.
In 1980, Bandaranaike was charged with abusing her power for delaying the elections.
It is possible to only use electric power and never use gasoline.
There are many fluxes used in the study of transport phenomena.
He is most famous for his book the Kitāb az-Zīj (or the Zij).
Cytokines are small molecules which carry local messages between cells.
Workers started building the museum in November 2009 and finished on December 31st, 2012.
Yapılan yüz naklinden sonra bağışıklık giderici ilaçlar kullanması nedeniyle 2 tür kanser hastalığına yakalanan Isabelle Dinoire'nin 22 Nisan 2016'da öldüğü ailesi tarafından 6 Eylül 2016'da kamuoyuna duyurulmuştur.
She appeared in 45 movies between 1965 and 1991.
The movie explores several themes, including the consequence of violence and father-son relationships.
日本放送協會會堂（NHKホール）
This was called the first Battle of Wilson’s Creek.
It also comes in 2 different storage options: 64GB and 256GB.
Washington, D.C.: U.S. Department of the Interior, National Park Service, Rocky Mountain Region, n.d.
Households headed by persons between the ages of 45 and 54 had a median household income of $61,111 and a mean household income of $77,634.
The Union forces maintained their bridgehead at Deep Bottom.
In 1685 the Oirat (Dzungar, Mongolic) ruled them.
Hareketlerde Los Angeles ve New York stillerindeki çizgisel hatlar yerine dairesel hatlarda uygulanır, yani çift esas olarak art arda daireler çizerek yer değiştirir.
About three months later, the Rwandan genocide began.
The railway line is named Donvrebane and it began operating in 1921.
Some have even more.
This purple and green stone complex in the forest above the village is a very popular destination.
It uses tanks and other armoured vehicles, such as the LAV III, as well as artillery, engineering vehicles, and a variety of weapons, such as the Colt Canada C7 rifle.
The tournament was played in a round robin format.
Every February, riders are racing on the roads across Qatar's flat land for six days.
ICAO kodlarına benzeyen 3 karakterli IATA kodları ise daha çok havayolu zaman çizelgelerinde ve bagaj alımı vb.
飛彈的加力器為固態火箭，代號A／B44G-2，燃燒時間2.
The two brothers were then separated and sent to orphanages.
In 1988, she graduated from Mimar Sinan University State Conservatory and started her studies in Istanbul State Theater.
After attending an opera featuring bats, his parents were killed by Joe Chill.
Since then a more mellow patch followed.
Since the pottery, or kernos, was found in 1880, many translations have been proposed.
He yells that he will not accept having weapons over the Pomerian Line (the camp boundary).
另外，作为前传性质故事，导演以悲剧形式展现了主人公在人生初期的一段完整的蜕变 孙立军 2003，第144页 。
He also said that while he lives he would never forget the kindness they have showed me."
命案後，茅頭指向劉樞，立委顏錦福受劉樞之父劉隸所託公佈：尹受命調查拉艦弊案，海軍總司令部武器系統獲得管理室整後組組長上校郭力恆企圖以美金250萬收買，但遭尹拒絕，因而向上陳報，終被設陷謀害，涉案有現退役將校軍官共達十一名以上。
From 1282 to 1409 the island was ruled by the Spanish Crown of Aragon as an independent kingdom, then it was added permanently to the Crown.
With a majority of voters, 52%, in favour of Brexit, the British government has promised to leave the EU.
並於同年的第49屆金馬獎獲五項提名：最佳新導演、最佳編劇、最佳新人獎、最佳主題曲與最佳視覺特效，但未獲得任何獎項。
The vote to transform the nation to a presidential system in the constitutional referendum of 2017 means the office was removed after the general election of 2018.
宮崎電視台開播于1970年4月1日，是宮崎縣的第二家民營電視台，
据2016年统计，该区的人口为13824人。
依据它的形态特征，该陨坑隶属"
The compounds used initially ensures you to know whether the colour is pure, (one substance only) or mixtures (multiple substances.
Bromelia, the plant which gives its name to the family, is the only other bromeliad with edible fruit.
There are also musk deer farms.
The transfer amount was believed to be near €15 million.
此后他成为日内瓦州行政部门的一员，主管司法与警务部。
Oxycodone can be given in many different ways.
、以及分別從1998年和2000年開播至今有15年以上的《
Also, non-competitive clubs include art, chess, and checkers.
Berlioz tried to be successful as an opera composer, but people did not understand his original music.
In 1975 it again became part of Mönchengladbach.
This means that particles can actually move faster than the speed of light in certain mediums.
Here, guests may converse among themselves or with the Magic Mirror that is located just within the entrance.
He will not rest, until every man, woman and child has a Mr. Meaty meal 5 times a day.
Ayrıca babası Stu gibi icatlar yapar.
However he could not play many matches at both clubs.
Resolution of the laurasiatherian phylogeny: evidence from genomic data.
Market capitalization is the share price times by the number of shares in issue.
Telepopmusik is a music group.
After the war, he returned to finish high school.
The time taken for each decision is short, and (to an observer) the amount of information available to the person making the decision seems very little.
上将 （2016年—，副司令员兼）
在其他國家，政府在制定價格時會採取有力的干預措施。
Compared to older types MBTs are very heavy (Russian MBTS being about 40 tons and Western around 60 tons) with a 120 mm (Western) and 125 mm (Russian) calibre cannon and 2-3 machine guns.
Tüm ICMP mesajları üç alandan oluşur.
In May 2011, FIFA officials were accused of being corrupt during the bidding process, and the event raised questions.
方向机支臂上带开口的松紧套箍套在脚架体的圆环部，并用螺栓、方向解脱手柄箍紧。
It includes 300 classrooms, 6 science laboratories, 3 art rooms, 4 computer laboratories, 3 libraries, 2 lunch rooms, 2 covered basketball/volleyball courts, an athletics center, 2 soccer fields and 2 gymnasiums.
A rationale for phylogenetic definitions, with application to the higher level taxonomy of Dinosauria.
，位於該國東北部，由塞爾希培州負責管轄，始建於1926年，面積79平方公里，海拔高度151米，2010年人口7,344，人口密度每平方公里79.
Award twice, in 1958 and 1959.
At the village of Kasia, he saw the place where the Buddha had entered Nirvana (a kind of heaven).
She finished second in the 100 meter freestyle race.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of The Sweet Escape.
The beetle drops her without a second thought, and flies away.
The accelerating electric field reverses just at the time the electrons finish their half circle, so that it accelerates them across the gap.
It is most commonly spelled with Sj.
It was founded on 1 August 2008.
Clothes are made in small quantities to guarantee exclusivity, so they are rather expensive.
She was known as "The Mother of Dance/Choreography in India".
而歌曲的詞曲作家亦被提名為“main”、
As these games were released over 15 years ago, the original battery is usually depleted by now.
A: We Are Devo! was mixed.
In 1918, Laviolette lost his right foot in an automobile accident.
This style became popular throughout Europe.
其中当量最大的一次核试验为1954年的城堡行动Bravo核试验，当量为1500万吨，
Burnham was a small fishing village until the late-
建築由正身護牆、石造墓亭、石雕供桌、伸手（曲手）石牆等部分構成。
This means the team took SARS-CoV-2 and changed it to make it harmless.
Pakistan has a permanent embassy in Ankara and a consulate general in Istanbul, which aim to serve the interests of the community throughout the country.
On 9 June 2017, he released "Sky" featuring Dane Alex Skrindo.
之前承诺的小心拆砖与妥善保护老砖，也遭到居民质疑，记者采访时双山水塔的很多红砖已破碎。
Baraj su tutmaya Ocak 2015'te başlanmıştır.
Eventually researchers hope to create a "general artificial intelligence" which can solve many problems instead of focusing on just one.
Getty's message to the world: Come on in!
Tamil people living in many other places have also produced literary works.
A term which is useful to know is "accessible publishing": Accessible publishing means books and other texts are available in formats designed to aid or replace the reading process.
Seven countries are now fully using polymer banknotes on all of their banknotes instead of paper.
A historical map of the world is included.
Under the Romans, Corinth was rebuilt as a major city.
Several songs on the album sample past songs.
Yarn can be made from any number of natural or synthetic fibers such as wool, cotton, silk, or acrylic.
常找機會幫忙咲久，對咲久不斷拒絕告白也很擔心。
He is the founding editor of the journal Disease Models & Mechanisms.
。 citation 澳洲皇家海軍的小隊主要由一名行動軍官、一支排雷潛水員突擊排，以及一名水下醫療兵組成。
"Science is not a subject, it's a method.
During his last years he became rather ill.
He had a cultural background of Hakka (with roots in Zijin, Heyuan, Guangdong) and Cantonese.
The Mount of Remembrance is the western summit of Mount Herzl.
As he boarded Flight 11, Atta asked a gate agent whether the two bags he'd checked earlier in Portland had been loaded onto the plane.
Boeing did not decide on whether or not to go ahead with this.
After the defeat of the Prussian army at Jena in 1806, Charlottenburg was occupied by the French.
Some basses may be able to sing down to C two octaves below middle C. Even low A is sometimes needed in Russian church music.
Other songwriters have their songs performed by other singers.
Because of this, piston engines are rated by how much power they give to the propeller.
Route Map of the original system.
One can also learn about the development of medical specialties and medical education in Singapore at the museum.
In 1899, the participation of Millerand in Pierre Waldeck-Rousseau's cabinet caused a debate about socialist participation in a "bourgeois government".
From 1990 through 1992, he served as the first chairman of the freely elected Slovenian Parliament.
These reforms were implemented to allow Vietnam to participate in the global market economy.
They were not particularly successful.
Roots are also very strong.
As of now, Luigi's also a full part of the game, but we haven't started thinking about 2-player gameplay with Mario and Luigi yet.
The population was 14,257 at the 2010 census.
在講求空間認識能力的三維空間戰鬥裡，可發揮出電腦輔助操作系統望遙莫及的反應和機動性。
More modern louver windows are made of slats of glass, opened and closed with a metal lever.
The main cause is their population's range being limited to a small environment, and this happens most often on islands.
Peter's army begins losing, and to stop the witch from turning others to stone, Edmund destroys the Witch's wand and gets stabbed while he does so.
由於一直都沒回家，妻子初代擔心他是否生活得不太好，於是拜托太宰治的友人檀一雄去看一看太宰治的近況。
The big difference to the broadcast case above is that all devices connected to the broadcast network see the data sent using broadcast.
Macbeth tells them that Banquo is the reason they are unhappy and have bad lives, and orders them to kill Banquo and Fleance.
截至2020年6月，维埃纳共与9座城市互为友好城市关系 citation ：
時任「第十五任道學教授席」（1709-32）與校長（1730-32）的main（William Hamilton）的生平，或許是活在這個轉折時代的一個很好的代表。
The Bahrain GP was to be held on 30 October, the original date of the Indian Grand Prix.
At least 77 people were killed and 26 were hurt.
Yüksek LDL seviyesi olması haline hiperlipoproteinemia tip II denir.
Filming began on July 28, 2014. citation citation It was released on June 26, 2015.
除馬雲在阿里巴巴集團擔任董事局主席外，浙江融信與阿里巴巴集團並無股權或控制或被控制關係。
; that Christ will reign personally upon the earth; and, that the earth will be renewed and receive its paradisaical glory.
In 1977, he retired from national team.
That was after the director released his 8th movie Maryada Rammana.
He finished second in the SB3 50 meter breaststroke.
Alanı 3054 km² olan bölgede; bir şehir, bir kasaba (İstisu) ve 145 köy vardır.
Abortion rates vary.
She was a known African feminist writer who wrote on gender studies and literary theory.
上午8時，日本氣象廳將其降為熱帶低氣壓。
The Fleece Inn is a pub (
His brother, Tsunehiko Watase, who was also an actor.
In Switzerland now various names are used instead, such as Gemeindepräsident, Stadtpräsident, Gemeindeammann, and Stadtammann.
岡島 秀樹（おかじま ひでき、1975年12月25日 - ）
早期日本聲優的地位不高，多在製作名單的中後段出現，現在則常在最前列或前幾列即出現，地位有如電影、電視劇的演員。
However, scientists are still unable to determine the origin of the large bio-magnetic field surrounding Qi Users, and thus, Qi must be considered a pseudoscience until it can be proven.
He is of Irish descent.
He was born in Nibe, Denmark.
In 1789, Washington was elected the first President.
Riders may or may not be controlled by a ticket controller.
In 1953 he was nominated for a Golden Globe for Stars and Stripes Forever (1952).
Many of them are green or blue.
此外，宣传椰汁具有丰胸功效也违反了中华人民共和国的法律规定，商家不得宣传食品的功能。
In his fiction and non-fiction, Gibson often writes about cities.
The performance included four backing vocalists and singers, including Jessica Marberger and Vera Prada who had earlier in the year attempted to represent Sweden as part of Shirley's Angels.
In parallel, during the second half of 2017 and the first half of 2018, he is working on writing the first book citation about how a person can change his life.
Softly, Softly is a British television drama series.
It is one of the earliest churches to separate from the larger Church.
The Nationalists did not have a majority to govern and needed Country Party support.
但在这一作，玩家使用的是类似第二作的手电筒，不过没有电池寿命。
该市镇总面积17.76平方公里，2009年时的人口为241人。
After the first websites came ones like British Bitches, Vuneraballs, M-Club-Q, Kinkeri.
Horn completed the album with a lot of new songwriting partners and musicians.
Prince Khurram, future tatty Shah Jahan rebelled in the last years of his reign.
In that year he doesn't played another events.
Traditionally the arrival of the Neolithic in Britain has been seen as a wave of immigration from the continent.
他在2019年第一季度，第二季度，第三季度和第四季度以及2020年1月分别筹集了170万美元，280万美元，1000万美元，1650万美元和670万美元。
This was after a woman to whom he was spiritually related was killed.
Lena Meyer-Landrut was jury president and spokesperson of the German jury and presented the German voting results at the Grande Finale on May 18.
They have a daughter, North "Nori" West, who was born on June 15, 2013. citation They also have a son, Saint West, who was born on December 5, 2015. citation Their third child, daughter Chicago West, was born on January 15, 2018.
：昆明市公安局盘龙分局已于14日对罗秉乾等人过失致人死亡案立案侦查，昆明市公安局于22日就罗秉乾强制猥亵、侮辱案立案侦查 citation ；根据昆明市公安局盘龙分局提供的鉴定意见书，司法鉴定认为李心草为溺死 citation 。
The sounds produced by the Organ are intended to resemble the cries of a person in distress intermixed with the roar of a Tyger.
She helped run health studies in Kenya as well.
Beyaz insanların hareketlendiğini gören Peter, sadece siyâhîlere seslendiğini söyler ancak daha sonra "ne siyah ne de beyaz fark etmez, önemli olan şey yeşildir" der.
There is a link from Esplanade station to City Hall station via the underground shopping centre CityLink Mall or basement 2 of Raffles City shopping mall. iExperience Gallery is also located here.
Female yellow-lipped sea kraits are longer than males.
A. Ishikawa and T. Yaguchi, Geometric investigation of the discrete gradient method for the Webster equation with a weighted inner product, JSIAM Lett., 7 (2015), 17-20.
It was in both English and Jawi.
They call them films rather than movies.
Kütahya Dumlupınar Sosyal Bilimler Enstitüsü, Ocak, Nisan, Temmuz ve Ekim aylarında olmak üzere yılda 4 kez uluslararası hakemli Kütahya Dumlupınar Üniversitesi Sosyal Bilimler Dergisi'ni çıkartmaktadır.
CIDR also provides a network address and host address.
The Air Force version is designated X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle (OTV).
陵园的四周环绕着红色缭墙，平面为长方形，南北长900米，东西宽340米。
So Hotepsekhemwy's full name may be read as "the two powers are reconciled" or "pleasing in powers".
此时伊东的舰队排列为：第一游移击队吉野、高千穗、秋津洲、浪速。
This means early humans never met this animal.
Ulaş Cihan Şimşek Eve Dönüş, Cenneti Beklerken, Azul, Gölge, Fikret Bey, Alia, Umut, Güz Sancısı, Aşkın İkinci Yarısı, Ejder Kapanı ve Veda ve izlenme rekorları kıran “Öyle Bir Geçer Zaman ki” adlı dizinin kurgusunu üstlendi.
After he was set free as prisoner of war, his hometown was made Polish.
When they owned the clinics, they put children in "papoose boards" to stop them from moving so they could quickly do dental work.
South Park Mexican started out as a Christian rapper but quit feeling he would not be recognized.
After graduating in 1897, he worked until 1908 at the Romano-Germanic Central Museum (Mainz), and later at the Bavarian State Office for Monument Protection (Die Kunstdenkmäler von Bayern).
Life returned as a weekly newspaperfrom 2004 to 2007.
In early 2008, the line was closed to passenger trains.
; and "Streets of Laredo", a traditional folk song.
Malthus used his middle name Robert, though work after his lifetime often refers to him as Thomas Malthus.
It involved the use of Country Time and Crystal Light brand flavors.
There is no mention of such a goal in any of his orders.
In the 21st century, the parallel port interface is seeing decreasing use because of the rise of Universal Serial Bus (USB) and FireWire (IEEE 1394) devices, along with network printing using Ethernet.
It is used to describe unlike objects or people.
朗缪尔方程可以通过线性回归与非线性回归方法拟合到数据上。
The tellurites turn into tellurium dioxide.
Ahmadinajad's political power comes from the Alliance of Builders of Islamic Iran, also known as "Abadgaran".
Lollobrigida said in a 2015 interview that "Loren and her press agent started this 'rivalry'" and that Lollobrigida was bored of it.
Most polyesters are made with a polycondensation reaction.
The Tung Chung Line trains have been diverted to the new track since mid May 2003, whereas the Mei Foo station interchange subway and the Nam Cheong station were opened at the same time the West Rail Line opened for public use in December 2003.
牠們可以分為兩個子群，包括位於阿拉伯半島東南較細小的子群，
The first, whose name and sex are not known, was born on 8 December 1837.
The Verdon river is in the town.
They may hate men because they believe there is something wrong with them, such as being stupid, dirty or evil.
In some CPUs, many instructions might be performed in a single clock cycle.
In 2010, Carolina moved to the news channel Al Arabiya, with "Drama Ramadan" and "Cinema in a Week".
There were thus eighteen provinces.
Sağlık araştırmalarında hazırlamanın bir başka örneği olarak, hemşirelerin güvenlik davranışlarının vardiya değişikliğinin yapılandırılmasıyla hazırlanıp hazırlanamayacağı incelenmiştir.
當樣本出現雜訊的話，干涉圖會藉由樣本中出現的吸收譜帶來做修改。
The line will be 43 km (27 mi) long, with 31 stations.
肌筋膜疼痛是指肌肉或筋膜（一種包圍肌肉的結締組織）的疼痛，可發生在身體上不同的獨立區域 。
It is the most widely spoken Native American language in the US and the most spoken Indigenous language in the Americas north of the US-Mexico border.
Tributaries are rivers that flow into a larger river.
"Omnipotence" The Nature of God: An Inquiry into Divine Attributes.
King Minh Mang (1820-1841) opposed literacy and the use of Nôm.
O dönemde, Yugoslavya topraklarının bir bölümü Sırbistan olarak bilinmekteydi.
He was awarded with the National Literary Award in 1982.
The constituency is composed of the members of the associations in the Industrial Industry.
Liquid crystal displays are often abbreviated LCDs.
Teng 's cloth painting is a new painting by Teng Teng, a folk artist of Fengning, Hebei.
故事背景設定為前作故事結束的一年之後，
屋苑共提供2,020個住宅單位，分層單位面積435至1532平方呎，每幢最高兩層名為「Top of The Town」，其中15伙為頂層連天台，設特較高樓底，天台附送圓形按摩池。
Other Canadian municipalities are expected to use 3-1-1 in the near future.
，兩者間可能有不為外界知道的黑箱交易存在。
The heaviest rains usually occur between May and August, whereas the rainy season from December to January is shorter and less intense, with rains mostly along the coast.
The three buildings are the Information and Computer Science building, Information and Computer Science 2, and Donald Bren Hall.
奇洛埃風格被认为是一种在世界上十分獨特的建築風格。
而性頗自伐，以才能尚人，於時輩中多有忽略，世以此少之。
Towards a Semiotic Biology: Life is the Action of Signs.
The book contains an afterword by journalist John Nichols.
Nobody knows for sure what happened, but the freight train went right through the station and onto the track where the passenger train was running.
，卻對革蘭氏陽性菌的抗力較弱，所以不會用作這種感染。
The archaeological complex of Brú na Bóinne is 5,000 years old.
He has won twice and provided good leadership to the people.
The end-Guadalupian extinction occurred at almost the same time as the Emeshian Traps were formed.
The provinces consisted of subunits called "divisions", which were further subdivided into districts, tehsils, and villages or municipalities.
Tristan now wakes up and is sad that it is daylight.
On their way further north, the Orlams met clans of the Herero tribe.
The fossa is listed as "
An eyewall replacement cycle disrupted the intensification but caused the storm to nearly double in size.
İstasyon adını aldığı Termini semtinde yer almaktadır.
In 1946 elections he was elected as Member NWFP Legislative Assembly from the lone constituency of Abbottabad on All India Muslim League ticket in spite of the strong support of the congress by the more populous tribes of District Hazara.
This is the first expansion pack to be released for RCT3.
A computer assisted proof.
Historically, Hephaestus and Poseidon have close ties in the terms of the Cyclopes who work for both of them.
Hajiro's award was upgraded to the Medal of Honor.
、Pierrot Project（第2話為止）
Of that number, 5,858 are new to the University of Minnesota trying to get a degree for the first time.
Nihayet Azerbaycan, Türkmenistan, Gagavuzya, Tataristan gibi ülkeler yeni alfabeye ya bütünüyle geçmişler ya da bir geçiş süreci içinde Kiril tabanlı eski alfabe ile birlikte bir süre kullanmayı öngörmüşlerdir.
The first gene is expressed in the front of the developing organism.
这座球场也极大程度的展现了巴萨这家俱乐部的特点。
另外，在2013年，该节目导演谢涤葵的制作团队成功打造了另一档生活类真人秀节目《爸爸去哪儿》。
The earliest statements of this dish seem to have been made in the 1950s.
Resmin bir diğer yorumuysa bu üç büyük düşünür bir sirke fıçısının etrafında bir araya geldiğine göre üçünün öğretisinin de bir olduğu, birbirini tamamladığıdır.
Kush has become a hit in the America and I Need a Doctor peaked at Number Four in the charts.
It was the first writings by an African American woman to publish in public.
在两人的共同影响下，肯塔基州民主党再次选择举行提名大会而非初选来选择州长候选人 : 167 。
When fossil fuels are burned, they let out oxides into the air.
As of 2018, 6,263 people lived there.
Honey ants use their own bodies as living storage, but they have more function than just storing food.
，在中华人民共和国政权成立后悉遭占用，用于世俗事务。
The MC-130J, which became operational in 2011, is the new-production variant that is replacing the other special operations MC-130s.
夸克星相關理論發展並不完備，涉及未知的物理，實驗目前無法驗證理論，需要使用尚未驗證的理論進行推導，「夸克星」性質依然有待更多研究探討其機制，並且逐步以實驗驗證每項物理反應機制的真實性來確認其真實可能存在性。
Tibetan has many dialects.
When coming back to Vietnam, Khanh Ly suggested he write this song.
At the conference they wrote programs that were amazing at the time, beating people at checkers or solving word problems.
第三話也對於鳴介說的妖怪存在論感到遲疑，後來才相信。
Now, shikomi become used to the traditions and dress of the "karyūkai" ("flower and willow world").
Sight is very important for most lizards, both for locating prey and for communication.
By September they had released two more singles and another video, headlining a show for the first time in October.
A summer festival, Joutsan Joutopäivät, is held on the second weekend of July.
Shearman 1995，第76页 。
Fakat Itachi o gitmeden Sasuke'ye istediği açıklamaları yapar.
昱第六叔舒妻，武昌王和之妹，和即叉之从祖父。
In the early 1970s, he went on to record an LP, "Music In The Glen", for the Fleetwood label, followed by "The House In The Glen" for Talcon.
Bublé credits the hard work on the boat with making him a man.
Some parts of the stories in this book have a mystical component.
Louis was a racing car driver.
He had plenty of money, so that he did not have to work.
The FMJ is not recommended for hunting.
度拔寻为贼所害，孝昌中，追赠安远将军、肆州刺史。
And as you talk to us from the Sea of Tranquillity, it inspires us to redouble our efforts to bring peace and tranquillity to Earth.
As of 2016, there are five different revisions of the SATA standard.
萬曆三年，因未完成公務被罰俸。
This might have come from the words, apokalupsis eschaton, meaning all the secrets will be discovered "at the end of the æon, or age".
From this time on, the Central Line terminated at Epping station.
Savaş sonucunda Hırvatistan, bağımsız bir devlet olarak kurulmuştur.
Mental Accounting: People have separate mental accounts when it comes to spending and saving.
France was considered an enemy state.
Ridgely, a native of Teaneck, N.J., began as a cabaret entertainer.
The TIG welding (GTAW) process features an electrode that is not consumed by the welding process as the metal that makes up the weld does not have any electricity flowing through it.
In 1957, the Orchestra of the Central House of Artists and Kapustin played at the VI International Festival of Youth and Students, which was in Moscow.
At one point, GLaDOS tells Chell a chamber is broken and she must go through a chamber full of sentry guns, called Turrets, instead.
飛驒市於2004年成立，此站位於該市的宮川地區。
Adulteration can also consist of selling mislabeled mixes of different saffron grades.
In 2017, Walker's channel became the most subscribed YouTube channel in Norway.
Figure 1. Schematic drawing of heat flux Differential Scanning Calorimetry.
淄博第四中学（即淄博四中），前身为始建于1929年的淄川县立初级中学，
Since 1977, the lighthouse is automatic, and no longer requires people to be on the island.
Because of this role, David Garrick noticed her.
At this point, they have negative feelings toward the object.
Many visitors from Corfu use chartered coach services to visit Butrint from Sarandë.
Jean-Denis G.G. Lepage, Aircraft of the Luftwaffe, 1935-1945: An Illustrated Guide (Jefferson, NC: McFarland & Co., 2009), p. 124 It was a dangerous plane to fly and had many accidents.
They refused to free him.
This includes substances that cause birth defects.
The Brooklyn Museum was started by Augustus Graham in 1897.
張啟煊於1848年（道光28年）
By late 1862, Virginia was running out of food to feed its army.
Lanteglos-by-Camelford is the ecclesiastical parish which includes the town.
，分别描绘“登山变相”和“圣若瑟与圣婴”。
It was released on March 25, 1983.
Cory Booker easily won the election and went back to the senate for a second time.
'a giden Mustafa 2007'de profesyonelliğe geçiş yapmıştır.
The following clubs are not competing in the Nadeshiko League during the 2020 season, but have previously competed in the Nadeshiko League for at least one season.
Haçlılar ordusu 13 Ağustos'ta Aşkelon kalesi ve şehrini ellerine geçiremeden Kudüs'e döndü.
，有助於腎臟在過濾的過程中，重新吸收水分。
多元弱酸、弱碱的酸碱性主要是由其第一步电离所决定的，因为每一步的电离常数（K 电离 ）往往相差10 4 - 10 5 倍。
Surprised, Raskolnikov quickly kills her, too.
據若干版本，當時灰姑娘的鞋其實不是verre（玻璃）的，而是vair（松鼠毛皮）做的。
He was the first candidate to pass BA in Edappally and was rewarded by the parish for the same.
Bu tip boya tabancaları daha kıvamlı yani yüksek viskoziteli boya uygulamalarında tercih edilir.
Specific and measurable highlight the science behind CBT as the goals are used to test the "hypothesis".
Similarly, Buddha was also an avatar.
That happened at the Battle of Flodden Field, 1513.
于台湾成长的代表人物如 台积电教父张忠谋，Yahoo创始人杨致远， Youtube创始人陈士骏。
They spread out so that the leaves can get more sunlight.
Georges Cuvier, fossil bones, and geological catastrophes: new interpretations of primary texts.
The last eruption from Kammu seamount is unknown.
It was divided into three sections.
; Ando started the final.
In 2004, Carville released a political banter book entitled Had Enough?, as well as a children's picture book, Lu and the Swamp Ghost, with co-author Patricia C. McKissack and illustrator David Catrow.
In 1982, the Misfits released their first full-length album, Walk Among Us.
The creation of Pakistan in 1947 as its eastern neighbor created problems.
It was probably nothing like what the Ancient Greeks would have done, but it was the first opera in modern times.
This means that a sequence is really a special kind of function with natural numbers as its domain.
Caudill's men dismounted and fired into the Union cavalry, causing several casualties.
Ghazni is made up of 19 districts.
Meanwhile, Wright's warships were approaching from the opposite direction.
连恩曾联系剧集的主创者main和main表示自己有意客串出镜。
Taking the regular troops with him, Breckinridge left Colonel Robert Preston in charge of the 500 militia men to defend the salt works.
The direction to the Ministry of Defence is implemented by Defence Intelligence.
It shows whether or not people are online and want to chat.
"Over and above … There Broods a Portentous Shadow,—The Shadow of Law: Harriet Beecher Stowe's Critique of Slave Law in Uncle Tom's Cabin" by Alfred L. Brophy, Journal of Law and Religion, Vol. 12, No. 2 (1995–1996), pp. 457–506.
。 citation 2019年10月3日，
The error is a sign of a general misunderstanding, which, when cured, may never happen again.
In 2004, he and Soby divorced.
在一个回归年内，太阳直射点在南北回归线之间移动。
自1983年開始，布魯騰堡城堡是國際青年圖書館的所在地。
Moving heavy loads and coal is heavy!
Akalla is on the blue line of the metro system.
Genel anlamda doğruluğun ölçüsünü, pratik eylemliliğin sonuçları itibarıyla başarılarından hareketle değerlendirir.
其它的庄稼包括各种豆类、瓜果和烟草。
In July 2007, the state police described the station as "dirty" and not well equipped.
Graham was one of the writers for the show.
They are then given their mission: Rebuild SkyClan before it is gone forever.
Instead of hearing birds sing in the spring, it would be quiet, and that is how the book got its title.
She eventually died in Paris aged 67. She was buried at the Église Saint-Roch, Paris.
Muhammad Ali was married four times.
In Germany biodiesel is usually made from rapeseeds.
Problems like this are fixed by comparing one part of the world with another.
As he dies, he asks Percy to make sure all the demigods are claimed to avoid this happening again which might mean that they had become friends again because he is forgiven by Percy.
When the show first started, each panelist had 15 seconds of questioning of a guest.
騙徒佯稱受害者的兒女在歹徒的手上，按照指示要匯款給騙徒，不知情的人在沒有詢問或確認的情況下，
Other cars were burned and things were stolen from shops on Railton Road, Mayall Road, Leeson Road and Brixton Road before the police came back.
She feels responsible to take care of her family, so she thinks about them more than about herself.
Yarışmanın ilk katılımcılarından olan Türkiye adına yarışan ilk grup Manevra olmuştur.
》對阮鶚的評價，與阮鹗本人墓志铭中的記載實相去甚遠。
The Living Mirror.
Zorak and Brak are comic foils for Space Ghost.
She has composed music for theater and performed in soundtracks for two movies.
One criticism of Wikipedia is that the majority rules.
但一不小心，史提被八夫人咬了，之後他昏迷不醒。
The incident caused a quarrel between the two, later involving Sony Pictures (distributor) Amy Pascal urging Taymor to agree to the shorter version.
起初在京都摄影所，又转到东京摄影所。
The small size of the ascorbic acid molecule means the kidneys cannot retain it in the body.
前腳的第一趾及後腳的前三趾，具有趾爪。
He has released 11 studio albums from 1986 until his retirement in 2019.
嘉靖二十四年（1544年）官至礼部尚书、东阁大学士。
He or she is elected for four years.
In 1996, he became the first Indian and the first Asian to win the Formula Asia International series.
He scored 14 goals and was the most successful scorer in the team.
It is made up of 7 vertebrae.
It reopened on March 28, 2009 with an expanded water park, named Splash Island.
It was bombed by American and British bombers between 13 February and 15 February 1945.
She is known for her work against violence, sexual exploitation and the "medical abuse" of women.
It took the efforts of an officer in Napoleon's army to change this.
Pandas cannot move about as freely as they once did.
Then, she was adopted by the widow of Benjamin Sandel.
He has two elder brothers, Zachary (b. 1978) and Josh (b. 1981).
Ángel Manuel Olmos (born June 17, 1974 in Madrid, Spain) is Spanish a musicologist and entrepreneur.
It was surveyed in 1929–30 by Discovery Investigations personnel.
Part of the Pico Basilé National Park is in Bioko Sur.
She marries Will Turner and they have a son, Henry.
Operation INFEKTION was a worldwide Soviet active measures operation to spread the claim that the United States had created HIV/AIDS.
The numbering is from the sides, toward the center.
He grew up with his sister Jemima and mother Claudia, a translator, writer and teacher.
In 1934, he became the president of the Muslim League.
Estates were built above the town centre.
When in the Bahamas, a person needs only the seven-digit number to make a call.
Charles I also married a French princess, Henrietta Maria, who was a Catholic.
Neredeyse yarısı Kannada dilinde ve gerisi Telugu, Tamil ve Sanskrit dillerinde olmak üzere yedi binden fazla yazma (Şilaşasana) ve üç yüz bakır tablet (Ramaraşasana) ortaya çıkarılmıştır.
DLC的內容。 citation 一些原先不可使用的角色以及各角色的服裝造型也將通過免費更新添加至可使用角色中。
在main進行第一例人工心臟植入術後，卡布羅與JARVIK人工心臟發明者main會面交流。
Köy, Kars il merkezine 99 km, Kağızman ilçe merkezine 34 km uzaklıktadır.
New singer Dan Nelson was announced and Rob Caggiano returned.
She played at the 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship.
NGC 5128: The giant beneath.
But such special modifications may not be safe.
Just like in a few other cities, there are in Roeselare several parts of town.
宇航员们的宇航服也与之前任务有所不同。
Wheat, vines, and fruit were grown around Tā'if.
以展示客家民俗为主，主要有挺秀书院、秀水楼、牛朗楼、毅诒楼等。
当时全国14岁至40岁的青壮年文盲，仅在农村中便仍有1.
She has one grandson: Julian Josiah.
该地2001年总人口18117人，其中男性9043人，女性9074人；0—6岁人口2388人，其中男1211人，女1177人；识字率67.56%，其中男性为76.20%，女性为58.95%。
The commutator sends the electricity in a circular pattern to armature windings.
舒马赫屈居第二，稍稍落后队友0.188秒。
The third stage was started again and burned for 6 minutes to make the speed go up to convert needed to send Apollo off to the Moon.
Back then, that part of Cambodia was part of France.
The members of his staff were anxious for the president to appear to be recovering quickly, and the morning after his operation he saw visitors and signed a piece of legislation.
It is about the life of Brian Cohen (
Geleneksel Japon özünü kaybetmeden gerçek çağdaş Japon sanatını ortaya koymayı amaçlar.
而台北、高雄以及澎湖，消費超過5圓需加收10%遊興稅。
Before 1962, the US Navy's A-1 were called AD.
If the player defeats the Ender Dragon, they can see the credits of the game. citation Minecraft also has lots of achievements called "advancements".
In July 2016 the Five-hundred-meter Aperture Spherical Telescope (FAST) in China was put into service.
Thirteen stars are cut into one of the faces of the monument.
They had one child, Ruth Cleveland, during his presidency.
The underside of its wings is plainer, with no submarginal spots or median black lines.
Other parts of plants such as the leaf stalk may get reinforcement to resist the strain of physical forces.
"Deep brain stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: Efficacy, safety and mechanisms of action".
A hostel is a place that rents beds to travelers.
Tekne trafiğinin yoğun olduğu marinalarda yat ve teknelerin manevralarını kendi başlarına emniyetle yapabilmesini sağlar.
; saturated ones do not.
Capturing Iwo Jima would deny the air base from the Japanese and provide a place from which to launch the invasion of Japan.
She speaks out on issues of human rights both for herself and for her husband.
In 2000, Bedoya received the CJFE International Press Freedom Award from the Canadian Journalists for Free Expression.
台灣地區分布在低、中海拔區域，台灣以北地區比較少見，而在台灣以外分布於南亞、中南半島、華西南、華南及華東地區 。
Saul is injured, and he said to his armor-bearer to kill him before ".
Not including Sacramento County, the percentage is 16%.
，產生介於單鍵與雙鍵之間的鍵長，以圓圈型的符號表示代表苯中電子的未定域化。
He won the “Soloist teenagers” contest.
Many unskilled physicians attempted dissections in secret, but with no real, scientific discoveries occurring.
In many non-English-speaking countries, the colon is used as a division sign: "a divided by b" is written as a : b.
The green box is not a clade, but rather represent an evolutionary grade, an incomplete group: the blue clade descends from the same ancestor but is not included in it.
He is the person that represents Ward 16, an area of Toronto.
它们也可以避免把字母错认为数字的混乱，如把S认作5，2认作Z等。
William Barron Stevenson, The crusaders in the East (Cambridge; New York: Cambridge University press, 1907), p. 138 The Seljuks knew of this and quickly offered Fulk favorable terms.
Cook later helped start the magazine Private Eye.
's best known songs.
For many centuries only men were allowed to be throat singers.
Many modern Knanaya accept the account as factual, while others reject it.
The city was under the control of the Aldobrandeschi family.
Vince agreed but insisted that WCW would eventually meet its demise when all was said and done.
Devlet Başkanı Yardımcılarından biridir.
無形文化遺産登録」等进行强烈的反驳。
在这一期间，度支部还曾派郎中萨阴图、
Some cultures still use their teeth as currency today.
他在那里呆了七年，取得了该课程的最高水准，
He was known for his roles in The NeverEnding Story, Iron Sky and Tatort.
後來成為藝人，加入朋子的經紀人旗下。
'ın derin vadilerinde yüzyıllardır yetiştirilen bir tür olan narince, özel aromasıyla dömisek beyaz şaraplarda tercih edilir.
You can also send the whole lesson or the documents via e-mail to pupils who were absent.
In 1996, it was home to the Arena Football League team Minnesota Fighting Pike.
The first 3 microseconds are used to tell the device "What kind of word is this."
Buna rağmen babasının “yaşam mücadelesi” konusundaki öğütlerinde haklı olduğunu düşünüyordu.
Andy's friend/cousin (or cousin-in-law), Barney is his oddball deputy/ sidekick.
The video had sold more than 800,000 copies in the U.S. by April 17, 1989.
In 2018, Leonard joined the Toronto Raptors.
"Picking berries, making bricks: Memories of old-time Sayreville.", The Star-Ledger, April 15, 1999.
，“昔居一人之庐舍，而今居二十人” 《庸庵文外编》 。
The legs of beetles help them to walk, run, swim, and dig.
岩舟方向線路（2013年8月）與部分舊一號線月台。
Their son was born in 2010.
The first one basically uses the air that comes from the outer environment in order to control and adjust the desired temperature in the IT apparatus.
公式中的單位必須是一致的，例如 可能是米， 是弧度/ 秒，則 米/秒的平方。
Crosscultural Communication Institute was also transferred to KUIS at the same time.
Then they could give an accurate number for the direction the ship had to follow (the "bearing") to arrive at a harbor.
Since 2015, Barbera has taught classes that were based on Applied Behavior Analysis.
The period of time for advertising a movie only a few weeks before it is released.
十年巡视京营，又任会试同考官，升礼科都给事中。
漢高祖一泗上亭長耳，奮力行間，躬定禍亂，遂有天下。
Rangel's worked as Tempo's main photojournalist, often documenting poverty or Portuguese policies which were perceived as unfair by the publication.
He played 4 matches and Japan won the 2nd place.
He started at Jane Mynors' nursery school and the pre-preparatory Wetherby School, both in London.
It was exactly 100 years since the club formed, and just nine years after their last Championship.
Such cables are used as a high-frequency transmission line to carry a high-
而他的丈夫也已经在家做好饭菜，等妻子回来吃晚餐，直至晚上8时妻子依然没有到家。
他們研究嬰兒在這個年齡，因為這是當啟發式已經顯示出現在單語嬰兒。
Delivering the troops like this made it hard to bring heavy equipment and supplies, such as heavy artillery, vehicles, and much food and ammunition to Guadalcanal.
鮑德溫退休後沒有再活躍於政壇，隨著親密盟友、
The Bokhara River flows past the towns of Hebel and Goodooga.
", at the 2013 MTV Europe Music Awards.
In 1886 Popper married for the second time.
It is at 50° 44 North, 03° 30 East.
It was active from 1815 to 2001, when it transferred the operative work to Mission 21, the successor organization of Kooperation Evangelischer Kirchen und Missione (KEM), founded in 2001.
Between 1998 and 2000, the name of the municipality was Middenveld.
He used his breath to nurture crops.
The color of the stripes, from the top down, has this pattern: white, red, blue, white, red, blue, white, red.
A war like no other: how the Athenians and Spartans fought the Peloponnesian War.
She is also a professor of Islamic Political Thought at the School of Graduate Studies of Syarif Hidayatullah State Islamic University in Jakarta, Indonesia.
Birleştirme yüzeyleri yarı erimiş bir duruma ulaştığında, döndürme bileşeni aniden durdurulur.
材料：綠豆粉350克、糖粉200克、豬肉200克、植物油（或酥油）150克、水50毫升、肉片和烤香的杏仁碎各適量,肥肉片用砂糖和少許酒醃過夜，使用前先用水燙熟瀝乾；綠豆粉、糖粉和油先拌勻，再加入水拌至無粉粒便是餅料（把杏仁粒加入拌勻便是杏仁粒杏仁餅料）
Astrid is putting together a series of suitcases that stand for all of her experiences through foster homes.
In fact, it was not a very fierce battle.
The English convinced the pope it was the fault of the Scottish that there was no progress.
Another 1% of the population follow Hinduism and Sikhism.
It is an 'endorheic'
從冰芯中提取可靠的數據指出，與過去65萬年的作比較，這是個明顯的飆升。
人口約4900人 citation 。
Another part of metallurgy is making parts from metals.
First was the use of steam power to run the machinery.
They used them for sex.
While under Roman control, Pompeii was improved a lot.
But neither of them was ever his teacher.
This book was called Babe the Gallant Pig in the United States.
This category is for user accounts that have been identified as sockpuppets of Toboar.
For example, in his 1977 edition of The Folktale, Thompson said that fairy tales were "a tale of some length involving a succession of motifs or episodes.
It is the largest of the Canadian Lutheran churches, with more than 145,000 members.
Utilizing primarily air-gathered intelligence and without warning, the elite units and the air force move at tremendous speed onto enemy territory.
It has five municipal districts (a municipal district is a subdivision of a municipality); these are Arroyo Toro-Masipedro, Jayaco, Juma Bejucal, La Salvia-Los Quemados and Sabana del Puerto.
，亦開始穿著洋服，配上帽子視為進步的象徵，許多正式場合、結婚喜宴、上街或外出多以西服為主。
There are also many privately run clinics in Kanglatongbi as well as local drugstores.
Baez did not want men going to fight in the war.
Lands in Britain for the first time.
Lemieux did all this even though he had many injuries.
As shear stayed low and the oceans stayed warm, Helene got a little bit stronger.
Even a diploid individual carries genetic variety.
感應器開口全位於和太陽能板夾角90度的其中一面，在飛行期間由一個護罩保護。
Alienation can be talked about in many ways.
，但其显示角度极低，只能看到它的侧面，且外观会有所变形。
The range of thickness depends on the materials used.
They cannot climb well, but they can swim.
The Allies tried their to use their victories at Coral Sea and Midway to try to win the war against Japan.
』的時間線中，因為天祥院財閥與COS PRO等大企業出資，「SS」才開始回復名氣。
Clean all dirt under fingernails.
A cycle means starting at a vertex, travelling to a number of other vertices and ending up at the starting point again without using the same edge twice.
Hermione was teased as Mudblood (Witch/ Wizard born with no Magical parents, also known as an offensive insult on Muggle Born Witch/ Wizard) by many Slytherins, especially Draco Malfoy.
There are many other characters in the show.
She also had not shaved her legs.
田边贤辅在与他交流之后，合作设计出了本作的圆环形的战斗场景。
Unless the revelation is personal, the follower must to some extent rely on the judgment or the stories of others.
This curtain was replaced with a night scene of demons and monsters flying over St. Petersburg.
They perform some function for the platform.
He argues that the colonial powers dictated how some people may live and how some must die.
The area is mostly farmland but people live here also and the community is expanding somewhat.
It is the second most populous city in the state after Rio de Janeiro, the capital of the state.
The athletics teams of the university are called the Huskies.
次年，新憲法頒布，制定新的國旗、國歌，由民主選舉產生參眾兩院。
The show was cancelled after only two season of twenty-six episodes.
这是卡拉扬的音乐节，无论歌剧还是音乐会，负责指挥的只有他一人，乐队则一定是柏林爱乐。
）久大線久留米至筑後吉井之間開通，此站啟用 。
The majority of physical chemistry concepts relate to bulk properties rather than to molecular/atomic structure alone.
，所属行政区域划归漫水湾镇管辖。
举办地点在离市中心不远的一个已废置的发电厂及其四周。
The Congress was hailed by young reformers and began to establish nationwide chapters.
He was also selected Best Eleven 3 times (1966, 1967 and 1968).
他所說的一句話“我们只讲党性不讲人性” 被網上媒體嘲諷為「黨性大發」或「大發精神」 citation 等。
设计最高时速350km/h，初期运营速度300km/h citation 。
This is the university in Florida.
Taylor lost in the first round of the event 4–10 to Mike Hallett.
During the spring there can be as many as 100,000 snow geese in the area.
Burgess also made songs and music.
Mardin il merkezine 85, Midyat ilçesine 20 km uzaklıktadır.
Later he was Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2006 to 2008.
The Sun looks the same from the Moon as it does from Earth's orbit, somewhat brighter than it does from the Earth's surface, and colored pure white, due to the lack of scattering and absorption in its very thin atmosphere.
She would purposefully get herself arrested so that she would be given antipsychotic medication.
Municipal building north of the Nolan County Courthouse.
He was the founder of sports nutrition brand Maximuscle.
Bu parça İngiliz ve Amerikan müzik listelerinde birinciliğe kadar yükseldi.
Population and industry began to decline in the 1960s.
As of 2010, the village has a population of around 7,401.
It is also defined as an election held in a single political constituency to fill a vacancy that has happened during a government's term of office.
Ghul might be a villain that might want to either finish his father's work or to avenge his death.
Döbeln is on both banks of the river Freiberger Mulde.
He hired Capability Brown to improve the park about 1769.
Evidence of these people was found in Mount Sandel, Co. Derry.
The movie is based on the play by George Axelrod.
》（2005年至2009年）的執行製片人之一。
The University of Chicago Press, Chicago, pp. 62. This concept is now accepted by anthropologists around the world.
A new type with blue-purple leaves, known as 'Purpurea' is very popular.
He died on July 24, 2011 in Farmington, Missouri.
Baird's television systems were replaced by the electronic television system developed by EMI-Marconi.
In the 1970s, their defense was nicknamed the "Steel Curtain".
During the visit, the Duke gave full Nazi salutes, causing anger in Britain.
There are tubes underneath each bar.
話數的單位以「main」表示。
Ayrıca 18. ve 19. yüzyılda Parma Düklüğü ile ilgili sanat eşyalarının ve tarihsel evrakın saklandığı müze.
The basic movement (also called the basic figure or the basic step) is the most basic movement of a dance.
He explains that he must combine his mind with an organic (human) mind before this happens.
After the war, Inouye studied politics in college.
Planer ended his run on 7 June 2008 and was replaced by Desmond Barrit.
İlk kadın güreşi Burdur'da kurulmuş ve ilk sporcuları da dünyada dereceler yapmıştır.
Between 500-600 civil rights protesters began the march on March 7 but were stopped by Sheriff Jim Clark.
They met French fur trappers who knew the land well.
'te 2008e kadar alamayacağı en iyi sonucu aldı ve 7. oldu.
有學者認為，荀子對「誠」的闡釋，影響了《
He returned to Egypt with strange tales of the Euphrates, "that inverted water which flows upstream when it ought to be flowing downstream."
He tells her that he wanted Christine to tell Ben about them.
Mary with Jesus near the Palm tree where she gave birth.
这包括尽可能地减少吸烟频率和改善室内外的空气质量 。
The aired on Disney Channel in 2001.
Quivira was the location of the fabulous source of mineral wealth but it was located in Kansas and it was the Flint fire stone (Quay-Vi-ra).
King was shot and killed in a church by a 23-year-old man while she was playing the organ in Atlanta, Georgia.
On 4 March 1142, at the age of 20, Frederick was crowned King of Germany.
It is almost 154 minutes long.
The DNA in a person is a combination of the DNA from each of their parents.
The Strait of Malacca is a marine strait.
Southern Ireland never existed except on paper.
即使選區席次不變，超過7年仍會進行重新區劃。
Private vehicles including jeeps and autos also connect Mathra to Punalur.
The police decided that she should be kept for psychiatric evaluation for her own safety.
Here the Templars lived for nearly a century and a half.
It is generally agreed that there were three minima, one beginning about 1650, one about 1770, the last one about 1850.
He is memorably known for being offended by several contestants, especially winners.
He proceeded to examine and annote all existing Oregon Statute Laws, compiling them into the three volumed Lord's Oregon Laws, officially the Oregon Statute Code of 1909.
Oetzi the Iceman's nuclear genome gives new insights.
Extra items such as honey, coffee or cocoa can be added.
He later married Mary Rudolph in 2000.
」就这样，敌我双方掺杂的大混战越来越激烈了。
He founded the pro-
Each are on opposite halves of a field of 10 m × 13 m in case of men and 8 m × 12 m in case of women.
此外，由于当地气候湿暖，文物易于腐朽，加上战乱频仍，国土变迁不定。
She competed for the Dutch women's national water polo team in the 1986 World Aquatics Championships citation and 1983 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup.
"Starlight" ve "Why" Güney Kore Gaon haftalık dijital listesinde beş ve yedi numara oldu.
On September 17, 2001, Bill Maher criticized United States foreign policy on the show and argued that the perpetrators of the September 11 terrorist attacks were not cowards.
Is an mean witch and the enemy of Emma.
The Wren is also the shortest bird in Britain.
He was known as a member of Selma's "Courageous Eight".
He studied drama and theatre until 1972.
He worked there for most of his life.
Shelties are very energetic dogs that run and bark a lot.
The gods turned his brother Váli into a slavering wolf who tore his throat out.
Her obituary (death notice) was widely printed in regional newspapers.
In this stage of time, people are very bad.
、边江分别组合为多部电视剧男女主角配音，
Limehouse Police Station is nearby, as is St Anne's Church, built by Nicholas Hawksmoor and boasting London's tallest church clock tower.
Munshi, N. (2013) Chicago toll rises despite gun clampdown.
代打違反大賽規定，被發現後原本要被禁止個人賽，新對於自己的違規行為非常後悔，打算接受所有對於他的懲處，在等待懲處的期間遇到因下雨而提前回到會場的詩暢，告知了詩暢緣由。
He was also nominated by by the Democratic Party to serve as the vice-presidential nominee in 1924.
西南松巴县下分为8个区（kecamatan）：
It was created in 1972, doing the tasks previously done by the Department of Transport.
The first Serbian uprising in 1804 was led by national hero Karađorđe.
In the 'cakes and wine' ritual and the symbolic 'great rite' ritual, the athame is used to symbolize the male penis.
From 1974 to 1976, he was the Minister of Indian Affairs, from 1976 to 1978 he was the Minister of Public Works and the Minister of State for Science and Technology.
，並補充有興趣將其改編成影視作品：「這是一個非常有趣的故事，所以如果不是我，我希望有人能扮演。
After leaving Navy, Hardin coached the Philadelphia Bulldogs of the Continental Football League, leading the team to a championship in 1966.
This means they are less than 10,000 years old.
Bir eşlik biti hatalı olur, diğerleri doğru olursa sorudaki eşlik biti yanlıştır ve kontrol ettiği bitler de hatalı olacaktır.
Peter mikrofonu alır ve seyircilere bir hata yaptığını fark ettiğini, telâfi için aldığı parayı paylaşacağını söyler.
Şehrin tamamı kalıcı statü müzakerelerine tabidir, bu da Filistin'e bölgenin bir kısmında egemenlik hakkı doğuracaktır.
劇末播出幕後花絮《村民活動中心》播放漏網鏡頭，
Anarcho-capitalist believe hierarchy exists only when a person is given the authority to use force against a nonviolent person or that person's legitimate property.
Ariovistus bu yeni müttefikleri Harud kabilesini kendine bağışlanan Galya arazilerin yanında yerleşmesini istemekteydi.
It was the 27th-largest market for 2009-2010. citation Arbitron listed Baltimore as the 22nd-largest radio market in Fall 2010.
It was her breakout album.
Since the outside of the star is bigger, the energy will be spread over a much larger area.
He did not support the lower classes either, though.
在计算机领域， 清单文件（Manifest files）
There his sons Man Lun, Ma Tuang, Mang Son, Hang Vung and Mat Mang were born.
；函数模板一般隐式实例化，自5.
In a genocide, a group tries to kill every member of a certain group, so that group no longer exists on the earth.
When Walker came back a few weeks later he offered to buy the whole car company.
Pierre Mendès France'ın her cumartesi radyodan Fransız halkına hükümetin yaptıklarını anlattığı konuşmalarının bir bölümünü de hazırlamıştır.
Kevin Baugh married Adrianne Baugh on 18 October 2009 and has three children, Alexis Baugh, Carson Baugh, and Mark Baugh.
It is made to fit perfectly into someone's hand.
Breast-ties hold the two sides of the jacket together so that one side is overlapping the other.
，最早可追溯到福建潮州的传统小吃猪脚圈，香脆有味，外表呈黄褐色，
After Germany invaded France they fled to Spain and eventually moved to New York City in the United States.
头盔在长矛机动的推进过程中提供了保护，长矛机动的伤亡率很高。
The area starts at Llŷn Peninsula and goes down the coast.
It is the largest city in the Pilbara Region.
A related species, Entamoeba dispar, may be even more common.
The total area of the district is 1,368 square kilometers.
Both instruments were gifts from her godmother.
Note that nai is also the Romanian word for the Middle Eastern reed flute ney.
They were of different shapes and sizes, and even had many different names.
Edamulackal is situated near the second fastest growing town of Kerala, Anchal, the village, still retaining all the natural and scenic beauty of a typical Kerala village, is developing fast in education and service sectors too.
，而在关东军独断管理关东州的时代，关东州的赛马与日本内地呈现了截然不同的形态。
It goes from the western part of China (
The city of False Pass as seen from the south.
》：原創動畫短片，由Kevin Michael Richardson配音。
Yaşar Kemal, 1940'larda Adana'da çıkan Çığ dergisi çevresinde çeşitli yazar ve aydınlarla tanışmıştır.
Each class has its own strengths and weaknesses, causing the classes to rely on each other to win, promoting teamwork.
Later, after coins had been used for hundreds of years, paper money started out as a promise to pay in coin, much like an "
Sosyal Öğrenme Teorisi bilgilerin ezberlenmesini değil, yaşam boyu problemlerin çözülebilmesi için gerekil tutum ve zihinsel süreç becerilerini kazandırmayı amaçlamaktadır.
Parent birds use these colored spots to choose which baby to feed.
By the beginning of 2005, the bank had loaned over USD 4.7 billion to poor people.
Before a jam starts the blockers of both teams line up side-by-side, with both jammers farther back behind their own starting line.
In 1938 Trotsky founded the Fourth International.
Most items date from the late 19th century.
She played at 2 matches.
，平均海拔高度約為100公尺。
One visitor was record producer Alfred Lion who started two weeks later Blue Note Records with recordings of Ammons and Johnson, nine Ammons solos including "The Blues" and "Boogie Woogie Stomp", eight by Lewis and a pair of duets.
There are 27 stations in the second line.
For thinking, he said there are twelve categories or pure rational concepts, divided into four fields: quantity, quality, relation and modality.
He started playing with the Montreal Jr. Royals for three seasons from 1947 to 1950, and made his debut with the Montreal Canadiens in the middle of the 1951–52 season.
During this time Anne believed that the way to view the research is “How” genes and environment effect behavior, instead of “Why” genes and environment effect behavior.
Astro is owned by MEASAT Broadcast Network Systems, which is a subsidiary of Astro All Asia Networks plc.
Different people may also exchange children to have sex with.
The person in charge said that the game has referenced other games, such as Puzzle & Dragons.
It was said that Shelties were sheep dogs so they try to please their master and have a strong sense of responsibility.
Donnelly Rhodes (December 4, 1937 – January 8, 2018) was a Canadian actor.
Of these, 40 live only here.
For some reason, the German commanders did not order an attack against the surrounded city.
During this time, Shivakumar was working with leaders like KV Kamath (former chief of the New Development Bank of BRICS countries) and V Balaraman (ex-CEO, Ponds) who were part of the Nokia Advisory Board.
Omar is best known for his songs "Dile" and "Dale Don Dale" from his first album The Last Don and "Reggaeton Latino".
总面积89平方公里，人口1071人，人口密度12.
George Condo tarafından çizilen kapakta, kolları yerine kanatları olan bir dişi (
The two are different in many aspects, including their beliefs, lifestyles, religious practice and philosophy, and isolation from the general culture where they live.
There are different kinds of these glands and sebum.
Ancak, bu görüntülere dayanarak yıldızların sayısını hesaplamak için; büyük ve cüce gökadaların yüzdesi ve bu gökadalarda bulunan ortalama yıldız sayısı gibi ilave varsayımlar da gerekmektedir.
The nation's masses who went against the government were sent to prison, tortured, raped or killed.
This gives the figure a more pleasing appearance.
'e yerleşmesine izin verdi.
The band will release an EP of 70s and 80s covers in March 2013.
These tunnels even had a hospital and living areas for the soldiers.
The satellite was sent into orbit on February 21, 1981.
此外，整点报时在播完威斯敏斯特旋律后进行，敲一次表示一点整、敲两次表示二点整，依此类推。
當地共有人口1,585人，而人口密度為每平方千米817人。
The city usually gets about convert of snow every year.
He was just writing it for his own pleasure, without a performance in mind.
Tights come in a diverse selection of colors and patterns.
The blade was very long, so the basket was designed for balance too.
因为参加抗日爱国学生运动的历史，被国民党政府列入黑名单，不被任用。
Complex objects may by themselves be modular and used to create even more complex objects by piecing them together.
James Byrd Jr by dragging him behind a truck for two miles.
It advises courts to play a limited role.
Edwin says he will soon give the ring back.
For that purpose they were compared with equivalent services that are produced by humans.
During the great earthquake in 1349, the outer south side fell down.
It began on May 1, 2005 and airs on Sunday nights.
When Scream broke up after this, Grohl joined Nirvana as the drummer.
Bu albüm yurt dışında da piyasaya çıktı.
Esther talks about the issue with their German teacher.
Bahá'í Faith also accepts that the Earth is ancient.
The ossicles are, in order from the eardrum to the inner ear (from superficial to deep), the malleus, incus, and stapes.
Homeward Bound: The Incredible Journey is a 1993 animal-adventure movie that was produced by Jeffrey Chernov and Franklin R. Levy and was directed by Duwayne Dunham.
The album was released on October 11, 1993.
The oldest extant account of Buddhism in Japan, the Genko Shakusho (元亨釈書), was completed in the Genko era.
Combined with his earlier training as a priest this has led to his being given the nickname of the "Mad Monk".
Another story says Endymion made the decision to live forever in sleep.
·列传第九十三》（卷一百八十一）：“擢进士第，登博学宏辞科，工文章。
The party dissolved in January 2013.
These beams travel to mirrors, reflect, and then recombine at the beam splitter.
These mountains are very rugged and hard to climb.
，和抚育他们在战争中出生的第一个孩子。
The shell is secreted by a mantle covering the upper surface.
The Turners finally fire Vicky!
He studied at Case Western Reserve University.
Barry Cassin (1924 – 14 January 2017) was an Irish television, stage and screen actor.
Likewise, Huey, Dewey and Louie have shown they feel the same way as they have referred to Donald as their "own flesh and blood" before.
He was one of the representatives of Informel in Czech fine art photography.
Such foods made by baking are called "baked goods".
Originating from Switzerland, these cattle were originally used as a dual-purpose breed, but in North America are primarily raised for beef.
His 288 career victories rank as the seventh highest total among left-handed pitchers in Major League histor.
Eve E. O'Kelly, The Recorder Today, Cambridge University Press, 1990.
He says that this represents a turning point in human history.
Conditions in prison were extremely poor, leading Delara to repeatedly file requests to be transferred to another prison with better sanitary and overall conditions.
The stadium opened in 1930.
Baldwin was elected to various public offices between 1780 and 1796.
There are a total of 460 gaupalikas in Nepal.
Music can be produced electronically.
It is the headquarters of Lower Dir District in Pakistan.
，其專欄作家蜜雪兒·斯尼德寫到“
When food is scarce, they will prey on their own kind.
Vauchock has a disability because she fell off a dormitory roof.
The -200 was basically just a longer version of the 737-100.
除了上述作品之外，富士電視台還播出過《
，北魏军主动撤退，宋军占领洛阳。
Also avalanche transceivers, avalanche air-bags, and radios make it safer.
People have been making wine for about 5000 years.
Many words can be made into a comparative by adding er to the end of the word.
The French government told the Belgians to stop the Belgian-German talks about the deal.
Retrieved 23 December 2010 citation He became Prime Minister on 4 December 2012 and was Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2012 to 2016.
The country that designates China as the culprit of all evils is making headlines around the world with the urban riots."
He followed that up with another album, "LeVon James", released on March 6, 2020.
In December 2011, Dennings began dating 2 Broke Girls recurring actor Nick Zano.
The company name was changed to Citadel in 1994.
Ishi lived most of his life isolated from modern American culture.
This will make the counterexample look valid, even though it is not.
The book ends with a song about the soon destruction of Nineveh and the death of the Assyrian people and end of the once great Assyrian rulers.
At medium-range, German soldiers needed a different kind of gun altogether.
The convention was revised in 1921 to accommodate all physical measurements.
Tuva dilinde diğer dillerin aksine geçmiş hayat çizgisinin önünde, gelecek ise arkasında yer alır.
Although there were traces of torture on his body, the corpse itself was uncorrupted.
These genera occupied various "feeding guilds".
To confirm the diagnosis ELISA, immunological test should be done.
Some people even believe the apple fell onto his head.
It was released on 30 Apr 2021, at the price of £29 each or £99 for 4 pack. citation It has an optional emoji in it.
例如2018年八月13日，則由主持人顏亦敏扮演安娜貝爾，
For example, the household income for the 80th percentile, the lower threshold for the top quintile, rose from $55,265 in 1967 to $86,867 in 2003, a 57.2% increase.
He was a member for the Division of Franklin in the Tasmanian House of Assembly from 2002 to 2020.
At least three hard disks are needed to build a RAID 5 storage array.
在2006年，疑似發現了第二顆行星，
On July 19, 2010, he was elected as President of Suriname with 36 of 50 parliament votes.
Mizoram became the 23rd state of India on 20 February 1987.
，王彩樺宣布發行專輯之計畫（原定10月發行），
It covers an area of about five square kilometres.
In the past, chemists with PhD degrees were needed to interpret mass spectra.
He later appeared in over 200 television programs.
In 2010, 1,637 people lived there.
Since Kuala Lumpur became a Federal Territory of Malaysia on February 1, 1972, the city has been led by seven mayors.
He was in both the original and prequel trilogies.
It is the largest contract bridge organization in North America.
Much of the series had a commercial sponsor.
Not only that, but until the first multiparty elections in 1992, only one candidate - that of the Kenya African National Union - was nominated and automatically declared winner of the elections without voting actually being held.
This has made Touraine a place of residence for people who work in the capital but seek a different quality of life.
近年來隨著工商業的發展，部分居民逐漸遷往交通便利處，形成市街與集村。
，因为微软早已不对Windows XP提供安全更新与支持。 citation 但由于此次事件的严重性，微软后已为部分已经淘汰的系统发布了漏洞修复补丁，Windows XP、
In the end of the town there are some very beautiful waterfalls.
Barbarossa Kararnamesi sonucu oluşan "yargı yetkisi", Sovyet siyasi komiserlerinin yargısız öldürülmesi uygulamasının ilk "yasal" temeli haline geldi.
，碼頭百分之95建築被大火嚴重焚燬。
Japanese dragons do not fly as often as the Chinese one, which is the reason why they usually appear much more like serpents.
He got a flat tyre, and had to drive slowly back to the pits.
She began with small roles in Dingsda and KiKA in the years 2000 and 2005.
A Manager is a person who manages or is in charge of something.
The average humidity is about 77 percent.
其后欧、苏诸公继出，文格一变，至为歌词，体制高雅。”
While he was living in America, Padraic Colum started writing books for children.
，正定县也举行公审公判活动 。
He was the last person to be killed by border guards.
With the advent of the 13 episode season format, OVAs are less common now.
As of 2020, there are 30 places in the United Kingdom which are on the World Heritage List.
Mastif olarak adlandırılan pek çok ırk vardır.
後來，由於里赫特自稱是唯一的發現者，賴希和里赫特就此失和。
The second biggest use of the Internet is to send and receive e-mail.
It has webbed feet and spends much of its time in the water.
Sungnyemun is Joseon’s south big door.
As of March 2021, he is ranked number 5 in the world.
伊藤博文以皇太子需要摆脱宫人影响，跟从帝师学习帝王之道为名，要求他进入日本贵族学校——学习院。
Many of the new American-trained Chinese units were fighting in Burma under General Joseph Stilwell using weapons leased from the United States.
Norén was director at Folkteatern in Gothenburg between 2009 and 2011.
His landscapes from 1875 to 1898 show the style of the School of Posillipo with influences of Edoardo Dalbono.
When she turned eight years old, she and her mother moved to Michigan.
Most biodiesel is made from oilseed.
It is no more than convert north to south and convert east to west.
Akhenaten attempted to overcome the powerful priesthood that had gained control over Egypt before his reign.
Rumination makes the half-digested food particles smaller, before they can go through the process of digestion.
Mann has been married to Summer Mann since 1974.
As a part of the United States, the zone had several towns and military bases.
對應接環依然是KAF接環以及KAF2接環；DFA系列為進入數位時代後為因應感光元件反射而改進了鏡頭鍍膜。
右手總是戴著黑色手套，與新一樣是個好色的人。
Twelve Heinkel He 59 seaplanes landed in the city.
For example, she considers the animal’s sensitivity to light and slippery surfaces.
She played 20 games for Japan until 2019.
Faust is transported to a cave of queens and courtesans, and Méphistophélès promises to provide Faust with the love of the greatest and most beautiful women in history.
In 2001 there were 870 people living in Kirkoswald.
The North Frisian Islands are also part of the Nordfriesland district.
It is near the MRT station and bus interchange.
Sanal yerel alan ağı anlamına gelen VLAN,yerel ağ içerisinde çalışma grupları oluşturmak,yerel ağı anahtarlarla bölmektir.
It weighs between 187 and 800 grams.
The animal must not be wasted; its meat must be consumed.
An example of a friendship would be that of Sierra, Olivia, Emma, Langli, and Mallory's in the movie Eight grade Whittier.
The sporophyte develops from the zygote inside the female sex organ, so its early development is nurtured by the gametophyte.
Most Romance languages normally put their adjectives after the nouns.
Mâniyi duyup da kapıyı açmayan ev sahibine "dam başında boyunduruk; bekleye bekleye yorulduk; bahşiş verirsen giderik; yoksa akşama dek dururuk" biçiminde bir mâniyle serzenişte bulunulur.
Stowers was in the sixth season of the competition as a minor model with a one-second appearance.
Although Oklahoma was the first State to legislate execution by lethal injection, the method was not administered until 1990.
克爾白的東北牆設有離地2公尺高的大門，是克爾白的正面。
She tells Bambi to run.
'nın projelerinden olup her dilde özgür birer sözlük oluşturma amacıyla 12 Aralık 2002 tarihinde başlatılmıştır.
直到1925年11月1日，上野站～神田站段完工，山手線才真正轉變為環狀的營運區間。
While some vendettas were punished by the government, such as that of the 47 Ronin, others were given official permission with specific targets.
’s latest role model".
Freak returns from the hospital and the two celebrate Christmas Eve together.
The last pair of legs is very small and is used by females to tend their eggs, and by the males in mating.
In 1977 he returned to Egypt and founded the comprehensive development initiative SEKEM.
The game marks the first appearance of Amy in a 2D Sonic game.
The Military Operations of General Beauregard in the War between the States, 1861 to 1865: Including a Brief Personal Sketch and a Narrative of his Services in the War with Mexico, 1846-8.
Zhu Di was only the 4th son, so people did not think he would become the next emperor.
She was one of the few women to hold the position of First Lady while not being married to the President.
The authors argue that America can lead the world into the post-petroleum era and create a vibrant economy.
Only four survive today.
The fish was originally eaten alone, without rice.
It is The One's job to let it be destroyed and to pick new people to form a new Zion.
The teams have been nicknamed Titans since 1919 or 1924, depending on the source.
连续两个赛季遭遇同一个伤病，但卡勒姆·威尔逊没有气馁和认命，安心养伤后，加紧在赛季前训练，比其他球员更加努力，为的只求能够早日重返绿茵场上。
许兆君的上述行为已构成严重违纪，其中受贿、大额财产来源不明及非法持有枪支问题涉嫌犯罪。
The Soldier is a good offensive class but he cannot move very fast and is easy to hit.
After that, this mixture was poured onto a flat, hot rock, and roasted on hot embers.
In 1996 Beats Rhymes and Life was released.
Despite its claim to represent all Indians, it represented only the educated and higher class of the society.
It is based on the play Její pastorkyňa by Gabriela Preissová.
When it was time for Emperor Lê Lợi to give Heaven's Will back to the Dragon King, he gave it to Kim Qui to give to him.
Also, crochet can not be made by machine.
He also had ideas about why the continents drift, which other scientists thought were impossible.
On the 1000 naira notes, there is a subtle shiny strip running down the back of the note.
İtalya'nın 22 Mayıs 2021 tarihinde yapılacak Finalde yarısında yarışacağı belirtilmiştir.
King Danjong ascend the thrown at the age of 12 and was forced to abdicate by his uncle, Grand Prince Suyang who became Sejo of Joseon, and exiled to Yeongwol County.
Japan-hospitals: the Journal of the Japan Hospital Association, 9, 61-67.
Maxi is good friends with Luis Lucho Fernández, both have worked together in Los protegidos and in XP3D.
The members are Ken Casey, Matt Kelly, Al Barr, James Lynch, Tim Brennan, Josh "Scruffy" Wallace, and Jeff DaRosa.
The prayer "sanctus, sanctus, sanctus," which means "holy, holy, holy," comes from the Jewish prayer "kadosh, kadosh, kadosh."
Gung Ye established Hugogureo (meaning "Later Goguryeo") and Wang Geon (Later, Tae jo) made a contribution as Gung Ye's subordinate.
It is part of the Sudbury District.
This makes a broad radiation spectrum.
Many animals are killed for "being in contact with Snowball".
He was a member of the Golkar party.
In 1884, The Fifer was seen at the major retrospective exhibition of Manet's work organized as a tribute.
Cacao pods in a hand-coloured photo from about 1903.
由于他的母亲、祖母都是小学教师，因而全家人十分重視教育，故仍供他入讀。 citation 「我的家庭對教育很堅持…是很傳統的觀念，認為知識和讀書是改善生活的基礎。
Reeder supported the idea of popular sovereignty (where people in a state would decide whether a state becomes free or slave) about slavery.
She is also addicted to meat and pastries.
Menabrea fought the Second Italian War of Independence; in 1860 he became lieutenant-general and conducted the siege of Gaeta: after this battle, he was appointed senator and received the title of count.
In the documentary Jackson's accuser Gavin Arvizo was 12 years old.
Some believe that Chile has one of the best school systems in South America.
This rebuilding and other plans of Macquarie Bank for the airport are seen as controversial.
George is standing on the ground next to some train tracks (railroad).
However he was sacked in July.
At about the same time, a short version, the Epitome, of the book was being used.
Taro is a plant used as a vegetable.
Between 1988 and 2008 Burgberg grew by 488 inhabitants.
The headmaster is called Simon Davies.
The former shipyard areas along the River Wear have also been transformed.
There were about 831 Union casualties.
These food storage workers are called repletes.
Certain types of socks can also make the smell stronger.
中央部分的西面是雅典衛城的入口，東側是出口。
Chapter 4 Transparency and silvering, in Avoiding attack: the evolutionary ecology of crypsis, warning signals & mimicry.
The song was released on February 9, 1983.
It helped air travel grow a lot.
The Strait Times 30 January 1992.
角川書店〈角川文庫〉、2000年。
"Anode" and "cathode" are "way up" and "way down".
It was built with banco: soil mixed with wood, mixed with dried grass, and other fibers allowed to dry in the sun.
The Sega Saturn version was released on March 15, 1996.
His mother is named Elisabeth, and his father Roger.
İlk kırılma noktası: En çok yük ile gidilebilen erim.
Memlûk sınıfına dâhil olmak için bazı önemli kriterler bulunmaktadır.
The Bad Girls Club was given negative feedback from television critics.
It was privatised by the British government in stages between 1979 and 1987.
On some vases, Apollo is seen trying to forcibly take the hind from Herakles.
It is on the north of Zhu Jiang Delta (Pearl River Delta), where the Dong Jiang River (East River), Xi Jiang River (West River) and Bei Jiang River (North River) join together.
至此，李洪之就以外戚身份，擔任河內太守，晉升為任城侯。
徕卡III（Leica III）的出现将快门速度的下限降至1秒，而IIIa则将上限提高到1/1000秒。
发行期刊包括《日本统计学会期刊》 (英语双年版)，《日本统计学会期刊》 (日语双年版)。
After a long seven-year break from live performances, he returned to the stage in 1968.
The Political Culture of the Russian "Democrats".
On January 28, 2000, another fire burned several buildings on Main Street.
Richie Rich is called the poor little rich boy, or also the richest kid in the world.
They produce huge amounts of manure.
Marcus Rashford plays either as a center forward or a wide forward.
Dağıtım, Debian Linux (Stretch/Buster) dağıtımı üzerine kurulmuştur ve eğitim için özgür yazılım içerir.
The Emperor orders one brought to him.
受到美国的强大压力，卡斯特罗不得不向苏联寻求援助。
Tamm and Asi designed tables and a long banquet.
On 29 November 2011, he suddenly fell ill and was rushed into a hospital.
次循環利物浦進一步接連雙殺對賽球隊，
For example, the character with dots 2-3-5 (the letter "f" lowered in the braille cell) stands for "ff" when used in the middle of a word.
The Temple of Athena Nike is a temple on the Acropolis of Athens.
This was in addition to the World Cup a week later in Slovenia.
The area is accessible for four months every year from June-September.
It is the 174th-tallest building in the world.
Gaga started her creative team, the Haus of Gaga, in 2008.
Lancashire Kontluğu yüzölçümü 3.075 km²; 2019 tahminine göre nüfusu 1.498.300 ve nüfus yoğunluğu km² başına 487 kişidir.
Again, the Lady appeared with her child.
Cumhurbaşkanı pro tempore ofisi büyük ölçüde onurlu ve genellikle çoğunluğun en uzun süre hizmet veren senatörüne verildiğinden, çoğunluk kırbaçı, çoğunluk konferansında ikinci derece senatördür.
His family name is Sun, Tzu is an honorific (title of respect) meaning 'master'.
Later, in 1912, a group of football players who were in conflict with Estudiantes de La Plata joined Club Independencia, which later merged with Gimnasia y Esgrima in 1914, thereby returning to the practice of football.
Some of the historical maps and documents Which is introduced in this book.
其後更有志願者的急救站被警方施放的催淚彈擊中 citation 。
The average temperature in the city is convert.
People can move their hand to go through menus, or they can use their whole body to control a body in a game.
It explores the musical era from the early 1940s to the late 1960s.
He said with a statement that the motion had no "constitutional legitimacy" and that he intended to continue as the elected leader.
As a consequence, Watt's steam engine was more popular, and its use was more widespread.
Only a few of the Border Ruffians actually owned slaves.
The first Asian doll produced representing Hong Kong in 1981 came from a mold with a rounder face and almond shaped eyes.
There are 18 members of the Imperial Family.
ICMP, TCP/IP' nin işlemesine yardımcı olan bir protokoldür.
Despite this, there are many who wish him dead.
They fired guns at the Germans.
It can be seen at many English and French Cathedrals, for example Lincoln cathedral in England and Notre Dame in Paris.
The same "principle of variation" would influence "every species of plant, whether growing in a forest or a meadow".
The adjectives are capitalized when the subdivision is formally recognized, and lower case when not; thus "early Miocene" but "Early Jurassic."
It is located at 29°48'0N 66°50'60E and has an altitude of 1701 metres (5583 feet).
Between 1850 and 1861, the Governor of New South Wales was also called the Governor-General.
He served in the Atlantic and Asiatic-Pacific Theaters from 1942 to 1945.
This period started in August 1108 ended in July 1110.
These books contest that traditional accounting methods are better suited for mass production and do not support or measure good business practices in just-in-time manufacturing and services.
His most recent album is Sparks, released in 2009.
He also served as deputy director of ORT.
To avoid confusion with decimal, octal or other numbering systems, hexadecimal numbers are sometimes written with a "h" after or "0x" before the number.
» In 2007, National Geographic cites him as he states that it is possible the lake formed as an impact crater.
Other words for rapid transit, which vary around the world, are subway, underground, tube, elevated, or heavy rail.
Honecker'ın istifa konuşmasında Krenz'i halefi olarak seçti ve demokratik olmayan uzlaşmazlık izlenimini daha da aktardı.
Küçükken birbirleriyle çok iyi anlaşan iki kardeş Elsa ve Anna bir gün oyun oynarken Elsa'nın güçlerini kontrol edememesinden dolayı Anna yaralanır ve Kral ve Kraliçe onu büyü yapan cücelerin yanına götürür.
They have one child.
Then in 1971, Lee helped change the Comics Code.
The albums that followed, "Highway 61 Revisited" (1965)—which included the seminal rock song "Like a Rolling Stone"—and the two-record set "Blonde on Blonde" (1966) represented Dylan at his most innovative.
Even though the airport serves the capital and largest city, Praia, Cape Verde's main international airport is Amílcar Cabral International Airport.
Usually this happens about three to 15 years after the person first got infected.
As of 2011, the district had a population of 3,077,233.
Over an infinite time there could also be an entropy decrease by Poincaré recurrence theorem or by thermal fluctuations.
There were concerns that sand would blow onto the track and disrupt the race.
We see a similar situation in Tiryns in 1200 BC when an earthquake destroyed much of the city including its palace.
Nintendo Land takes place in a theme park, which also serves as the game's hub for its twelve minigames.
İtalyan faşizmi milliyetçidir, Alman nasyonal sosyalizmi ise ırkçıdır.
Anyone could be invited.
She recently won first place in her very first horse show and got national attention for winning first place in her school Spelling Bee, despite being deaf.
The name Nakhon Nayok was assigned to it in 1350, when it became a garrison town of the Ayutthaya kingdom protecting the eastern boundary.
Wollstonecraft wrote this work as a reply to them.
Later, after starting in midfield for quite a while, he found himself sitting on the bench more often than being one of the players at the start of a match.
Handbook of the Birds of the World.
The Blackout left the Fierce Panda label in 2008 and signed with the record label, Epitaph Records.
'e doğru çekilen Yunan birliklerinin takip ve imhasında süvarilerin önemli hizmetleri olmuştur.
The movie begins in the year 1506 and ends in the year 1526.
She was a sketch artist and drew portraits of many famous people.
She was last married to Fritz Zeiser from 1979 until his death in 2012.
For example, an American Arts and Crafts style versus a Cape Cod style.
Bacteria 'see' like tiny eyeballs.
Tüketici elektroniği endüstrisi eskiden bu araçları bir teypten ayırmak için deck terimini kullanıyordu, "deck"
Elroy 'Crazylegs' Hirsch, American football player (d.
Type 2 diabetes makes up around 90% of cases of diabetes, while type 1 diabetes and other types of diabetes make up the other 10%.
It can get colored when it is not pure.
Of the 80 books, written over 22 years, many survive into the modern age intact or as fragments.
Some taxonomists, such as Benton, Benton, Michael J. 2004.
本书原初之名《诗话》，后人为便于区别，因作者号“六一居士”改称《欧公诗话》、《六一居士诗话》、《欧阳永叔诗话》及《欧阳文忠公诗话》，通称“六一诗话”。
Each known language has a 3 letter code, and requests to add additional languages into the database can be made at the SIL International website.
Refleks genellikle hastanın kollarının hafif titreme hareketleri öncesinde ya da kollar ve gövde üzerindeki görünümü öncesinde meydana gelir.
Founded in 1947, Aston Business School (ABS) is one of the largest and oldest business schools in the UK.
There are many different kinds of malware.
He was a coach of the Serbian national side.
近來，有報導其單體或製劑有肝毒性，
The flow rate of the carrier gas is important in that if it is too high there is not enough time for the sample to interact with the column and no separation will be seen, if it is too slow the experiment may take a very long time.
This category is for user accounts that have been identified as sockpuppets of Crouch, Swale.
There is a dialect continuum between the Visayan languages and the Bicol languages; the two together are called the Bisacol languages.
，一說是因為此地自明末以來常有戰亂，如今為祈求和平，而稱為和平島；另一說是二二八事變時，社寮島淪為刑場，後易名為和平島，希望從此殺戮不再。 citation 文史工作者潘江衛表示，「和平」之名是基於國民政府接收台灣後，基隆市街用忠孝仁愛信義和平命名，順序從市中心往港外做規劃。
由幂级数性质可知 的收敛半径也是1。
He could not use any simple rule like the one Balmer had come up with.
Rich customers liked his photo-
During the following decade he visited various European cities.
Some states allow transferring a barbering license from another state without additional formal training, but not all states allow this.
A hiker had better start by taking short hikes with more experienced hikers.
In 2013 season, the club won the 2nd place and returned to J1.
Sporcular 21 Haziran 2013 Saat 16:00'da Halter Kadınlar 48 kilo Final kategorisinde yarıştılar.
At least 13 people die, while most of the passengers are rescued.
He played 40 games with them.
It is unknown how Donald died but it happened in 900, 11 years after the start of his reign.
His music is often inspired by his native country.
The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 3.02.
Stane finds out that Pepper Potts has the information.
Hara launched all of his available aircraft.
One of Oceania's biggest economic advantages are tourism.
） 《明報》 2012年9月17日 。
He is the current Deputy Executive Director of Singapore Institute for Clinical Sciences (SICS), A*STAR.
It is in the Megachilidae family of bees, which carry pollen on their underside.
By a vote of 5-4, the Court ruled in favor of Escobedo.
One of Kondo's destroyers was also sunk during the battle.
Goede Tijden, Slechte Tijden on RTL 4. She will play a Swedish exchanges student called Skylar Nilsson.
In the battle against Ozai, Sokka, his girlfriend Suki, and Toph destroyed a Fire Nation airship and use it to destroy others of its kind while Aang duels with the Phoenix King (
When he had only 8 years old, his teacher spoke with his mother and aimed him to extracurricular classes of painting.
，從1987年開始連載到2002年，歷時15年共40卷的長篇漫畫。
始終為論，此為所藏，不通無漏，諸佛位中，非所藏故，我執已盡，又不熏故。
He usually wears dark clothing including black ripped jeans and is also mentioned on several occasions to be wearing an aviator's jacket.
、動感公園、康城社區會堂、康城青年空間、
It is the municipal seat for Lerdo Municipality.
对于其中只有单一粒子（原子或分子）的简单系统，如果它是封闭的，那么意味着它内部的粒子数一定。
These are all typical of systems which have some kind of goal and can adjust their behaviour so as to correct errors.
He was known for his roles in Valientes, Heartbreakers, and A dos aguas.
After 1920 Arnold worked full-time basis for the Christian trade union movement.
Title page of the first edition.
Member of the Norwegian Nobel Committee since 2009.
Industry oriented university, it appears in 1984, following the law on higher education which provides that « engineer training.
He was a candidate at the 2003 Serbian presidential election, winning 35.42% of the popular vote, but the election was canceled due to low turnout.
It was formerly W17 before the opening.
Exactly why some people get acne and some do not is not completely known.
The Christmas feast might start on Christmas Eve, with a special breakfast on Christmas morning, or at midday on Christmas Day.
Gece yarısına kadar şehirde bulunan taraftarlarını toparladılar ve gece yarısı bu taraftarları ile sarayı basarak Bizans devlet idaresini ellerine geçirdiler.
When sitting for that Purpose, they shall be on Oath or Affirmation.
Charles Houston tried again in 1953.
He was playing basketball in La Salle in the junior category at seventeen years old.
It asked UNAMIR to leave Rwanda.
The show also created the character Frasier Crane.
It also seems to decrease when the sound source moves away from someone.
Pi bonds happen when two atomic orbitals are in contact through two areas of overlap.
The 23rd floor has a four-metre cantilevered overhang with two glass windows in its floor, overlooking the ground from the skybar, Cloud 23, the only such bar in Manchester.
Prior to IE7, clearing the cache used to clear the index but the files themselves were not reliably removed, posing a potential security and privacy risk.
The altitude is 6,962 meters, or 22,841 feet.
Peebles 2003 yılında Edinburgh Uluslararası Film Festivali'nde Standart Yaşam İzleyici Ödülünü kazanan "AfterLife" filminin yönetmenidir.
It was "Rapper's Delight" by the Sugar Hill Gang.
Liopleurodon's nose allowed it to smell underwater.
One U.S. dry quart is smaller than one imperial quart.
The area sits within the Horsforth ward of Leeds City Council, which also includes the southern part of Rawdon.
It was not sung very often.
The variety was in development from 2004, and was released to the public in 2017.
Peygamber'in Amil ve muallimi olarak bölgeye gönderdiği Mu'az b. Cebel, Ma'rib'de bulunan Ebu Musa el-Esari'ye iltihak etmiş daha sonra Ikisi birlikte Hadramevt'e gitmişlerdi.
The character of Tanu was initially killed off and replaced by Shivani Tomar as a reincarnated version of Tanu.
Belediyenin nüfusu 1 Ocak 2018 tarihi itibarıyla 21,123'tür.
Hikmet Karaman yönetiminde çıktığı 4 lig maçını kazanarak 12 puanla ligde lider konumuna geldi.
The station is 43 miles (69 km) north west of Birmingham New Street.
People have criticized Junipero Serra for his treatment of the Native people who live in what is now the state of California.
In the 1980s, Mandalay was the second biggest city in Myanmar.
After arriving at Gatwick Airport, at least every other train on weekdays and Saturdays continues non-stop to Brighton railway station.
The remaining area is Australian Government land controlled by the Director of National Parks.
During summer schools of MoDem the 17th of September 2011 and during radio interviews, Jean Peyrelevade said he would vote for Manuel Valls in the first round and - probably - for Francois Hollande in the second round.
The building's roof was done in April 2019.
Aesthetics is a branch of philosophy.
该服务一般只提供给三星级或以上的涉外宾馆酒店，外国人居住区，领事馆及大使馆。
When a person has bleeding, leaking plasma, and not enough platelets, they have dengue hemorrhagic fever.
She was discovered by an aircraft from the light carrier Hōshō.
As of the 2010 census, the township had a total population of 82,795.
This allows one to go forwards or backwards in the list.
Central America is an area of some 524,000 square kilometres.
Below are charts showing all the different sizes of paper that are usually made, listed in increasing order of size.
At the end of "Macabre Dance", the Mexican Sweetheart enters looking for Billy.
They are colorless or red.
The purpose of the student council is to improve their school by encouraging social and cultural events and also events outside of school.
The tails is about convert long.
Cologne Cathedral is one of the largest Cathedrals built in Gothic style in the world.
A large one is about 30 feet long and weighs 10 tons.
Following data is from the book 'Panchayat level Statistics 2006' published by Department of Economics & Statistics Thiruvananthapuram.
Colloquialisms are also sometimes referred to collectively as "colloquial language". colloquialism.
It is energy efficient in its ability to consume less power as well.
，馬金有「不對等的政治權力關係」，
En büyük sayı Mamilla'da bulunan 24.518 cesettir, Şehrin başka herhangi bir yerinde bundan çok daha fazlası bulundu.
Since the mid-1990s, Britain has consistently had lower unemployment than most of continental Europe.
No Longer at Ease takes place several decades after Things Fall Apart.
Before the Second World War Piedmont blues was a style that was very popular with the African-Americans of the South.
Carousel received the first New York Drama Critics' Circle Award for Best Musical (1945-1946).
These distances are a measure of the position.
孫小除南征北討外，管理駕部亦成績斐然，
It is made of a carbon double bonded to oxygen.
Mete henüz kurduğu göçebe koalisyonundan bir ordu oluşturarak Çin sınırını geçti.
曾碧漪受重伤，贺麓成左腿膑骨骨折。
Their names were John Payne (1792-1852) and William Temple (born and died in 1793).
It is the least populated municipality in Italy.
The Bottom of the Garden, Dark History of Fairies, Hobgoblins, and Other Troublesome Things.
曹魏时期，章县撤销，鄣城仍属兖州东平国 : 12 。
At the end of the 19th century, the Whitehead torpedo and electrical systems allowed much better submarines.
Further inside the cave, it becomes narrower, and turns per approximately 90 degrees.
In English, the two syllables are usually combined into one word, "Vietnam".
There are special hubs, called "sharing hubs".
According to these numbers, Lithuanian per capita GDP reaches only 61% of EU average.
He was nicknamed, Mr. Grand Ole Opry.
There are some 3000 donkeys on the island.
American axes: a survey of their development and their makers.
初置兴德军节度使，后置尹，置山东东西路提刑司。
He thought that electronic music was going to be the music of the future.
Magnesium oxide is used by libraries to make books last longer.
Yakınlarında pek çok bar ve gece kulübü vardır.
In 1868, Joseph Onasakenrat, a leader of the Mohawk, wrote a letter to the seminary that said that part of the land was meant for the Mohawk people to use.
She became interested in boxing after watching Dingko Singh in 2000.
皇宫被围困三天之后，皇帝决定在1月17日上午11点去赛车竞技场向民众发表演说，但是情绪激昂的民众高声骂皇帝是“蠢驴、伪君子、下流胚”，并向皇帝和皇后投掷石块。
Next, he tried being as a full-time author for four years.
'nda dünyanın en önemli liman şehirlerinden birisi olmuş ve bu, şehrin zamanla gelişmesine sebep olmuştur.
During this time more than convert of gold was dug up at Clunes.
By 1860, 49.1% of Maryland's black population was free.
Mansur bin Aziz amcası olan Zahir Gazi sarayında yaşamaya başladı.
The lizard is 18-25cm long.
This idea says that Africa and India used to be one large continent, called Gondwanaland.
It is also one of the first examples of a motion controlled device used for video games.
They may try to make the product look appealing, however often advertisers use humor in such a way that get people to remember the brand without actually promoting the product.
It is often seen edited into a single movie.
This statue is made of 8 ton bronze sculpted by Italian artist Prof. Coberlato.
Subway stations Omokgyo line five and ShinMokdong line nine are located there.
，淡水高等小學畢業，於昭和十三年（1938年）
Gündüzleri mahkumun evin hemen yanındaki yaklaşık 200 metrelik alanda fiziksel aktivitede bulunmasına izin vardı.
Nikolić has since appeared in many movies of different genres.
Cole, The Young Bucks'la ile beraber Bullet Club altgrubu olarak "Superkliq" adlı bir takım kurdu.
China had produced over 95% of the world's rare earth supply.
When he was 29 he became a Professor of Cello at the Moscow Conservatory.
He was married to Sandra Covey and had nine children.
In two later paintings, the lighting is normal.
She also studied special education at the University of Hradec Králové.
在地方制度方面，去除郡級，形成州縣兩級制，
Sorgulamak için KGT'ye getirildiğinde bazı hastalıkları olduğu ortaya çıkar.
估计阿姆斯特朗的口音导致他把两个字发音连在一起，也可能是因为帕克斯天文台附近风暴导致信号时断时续所以听不到这个字。
Part of the problem was the poor performance of the Mark 13 torpedoes.
Type 96s began to be built in 1937.
In July 2012, Perry released the concert film/biopic Part of Me in 3D.
Ralston kaza sonrasında da tırmanışlarına devam etti.
Every year they organize big Esperanto meetings such as the World Congress of Esperanto, International Youth Congress of Esperanto and SAT-Congress (meeting of Sennacieca Asocio Tutmonda - World Non-national Association).
The Auvergne Volcanoes National Park is in the massif.
》社長、上秦企業公司董事長、《
On 28 March 1941, Woolf drowned herself by filling her overcoat pockets with stones and walking into the River Ouse near her home.
在該站可換乘倫敦巴士474路。
Today the valley is home to "Oregon Wine Country".
They should not be forcibly stopped from doing that, not even by the state.
Pterosaurs also had special bones.
，彭德怀作为中共中央军委副主席兼总参谋长，协助毛泽东、朱德等指挥全国的解放战争 : 173 。1946年11月、12月，彭德怀前往延安南部和晋绥，指导保卫延安的若干事宜 : 175 。
During this operation one barefoot Norseman had the misfortune to step upon a thistle, causing him to cry out in pain, thus alerting Scots to the presence of the Norse invaders.
It is said that Sikhs have to give 10% of their earnings to charity.
，開拓新的題材，使社會大眾從此不再歧視粵語歌，例如許冠傑把廣東話口語填入歐西流行樂曲，歌词不但生鬼活潑，而且贴近当时香港普罗市民的生活，因此大受欢迎。
Fortunately the ducks find another exit and also a wrecked boat full of gold.
For him, the spectrum could be explained by the simpler phenomena of colour arising from the interaction of light and dark edges.
享禄2年（1528年）末，与后北条氏的争斗扩大之时，内乱中的山内上杉氏和古河公方都难以依靠，上杉朝兴只得选择与甲斐・
In those 2014 Commonwealth Games she set a new personal best time in a race, running it in 13.33 seconds and was 5th place in the final race with a time of 13.36 seconds.
Tsarnaev was a student at University of Massachusetts Dartmouth.
Cass returned to the program in May 2008.
Because of that, an emergency communication system should be able to do many special things.
Ayrıca üç tane on altı yaşında ve bir tane de on yedi yaşında isim oynatıldı.
The heaviest ever recorded weighed 230 kg.
He was prefect of the Congregation for Divine Worship and the Discipline of the Sacraments from 23 November 2014 to 20 February 2021.
Distances in London are officially measured from the original site of the cross in Whitehall, now the statue of Charles I, and not from this replica cross.
，成立香港上市公司商會，任秘書長。
It can be used to set both user and channel modes.
He was a sort of mentor for Jay-Z.
The overture "Fidelio" was composed for performances of the opera in 1814.
香港地臥虎藏龍，在日常生活、工作或個人興趣等範疇用心專注、默默耕耘而練就精堪技藝的奇人異士多不勝數。
Engadget heaped praise on the phone for its excellent performance despite its price bracket.
Terminal 1 was made.
All 12 people on board are killed.
出自《澳大利亞動物學雜誌》。1970年，第18期：63–70頁 （英文） 。
Finally the athletes oath said.
JOGMEC was created when the Japan National Oil Corporation (JNOC) merged with the former Metal Mining Agency of Japan (MMAJ).
Floyd was a hurricane for only twelve hours.
以幕府臣僚的培养机构昌平坂学问所（昌平校）的教授为考官，
Just over 2% of children are homeschooled.
Kurosawa started in the Japanese movie industry in 1936.
The Gupta dynasty ruled from around 320 to 550 AD.
This "Director's Cut" ending is much darker than the theatrical ending, where he simply stops himself from becoming friends with Kayleigh.
"How I Met Your Mother" is also said to be the inheritor of "
As in real life, the same data can be looked at from different perspectives, and it can be organized in different ways.
She wore a long brown wig for the role.
Some of this comes from formal 'scientific' experiments, Tinker M.A. 1963 The legibility of print.
It will also go down in people with kidney disease.
Results are taken from the Winnipeg Free Press newspaper, 24 October 2002 and 28 October 2002.
At the beginning of a word, this same character stands for the word "to" although the character is written in braille with no space following it.
Daffy and DJ get fired from the studios.
Since October 2018, most of the URLs have changed from x.wikia.com to x.fandom.com this does not include wikis based on serious topics which instead changed to x.wikia.org.
Some of her books were My True Love Gave to Me, Double Crossed, Learning to Play Gin and Cheating At Solitaire.
; his father is an American whose father was Greek and mother was Jewish.
In this specialty, the doctor is trained to provide anaesthesia and sedation.
It was directed by Merzak Allouache.
Today there is some interest again, but nothing like the huge popularity he had in his lifetime.
In October 2007, Kasparov announced his intention of standing for the Russian presidency.
，不再是非都市區，在1996年4月1日生效至今。
The government made the father of a famous baseball player, Joe di Maggio, move from the West coast because he was an Italian immigrant.
New Zealand is shown above.
The typical use pregnancy rate for women taking COCPs measures how many women get pregnant while taking COCPs.
Domenico had a large painting workshop.
A man named Antonio has rescued him from the surf; at some risk to himself, because Antonio fought against the Duke at one time.
The impact of missing data on species tree estimation.
The St. Louis Maroons had the best record in the league, with 94 wins and 19 losses.
After returning home quite drunk one night, the narrator lashes out at Pluto.
The King and the Inquisitor have been hiding.
Mowing an area that is double the size of the original takes twice as long.
In 2012, LaFave released the studio album Depending On The Distance.
Gamification is making an activity that isn't a game (a playful or competitive activity) more like a game.
朴槿惠寫道：“任時光流逝，猪島風光依舊……和平的美景讓人心醉。
It can include epidermal cells, guard cells, subsidiary cells, and epidermal hairs (
The Aborigines began to kill sheep to eat, and attempted to stop people from taking their land.
He could then finally take revenge against Heihachi and the Mishima Zaibatsu (Financial Empire).
Chronologically the story is out of place in the chronicle because the events did not take place in 755. They took place in 786 and the story is repeated briefly under the year 784 (corrected to 786).
His mother was Mary, daughter of Captain Parker, R.N. Gregory attended The King's School, Canterbury.
It is next to the Lim river.
He died of cancer on July 24, 2014.
当被质疑国际奥委会主席罗格在两周前还说絕不会对外国记者进行网络封锁时，他表示，国际奥委会以前提供了不完全信息。
反对这对夫妇的起义爆发之后，玛丽被囚禁在列文湖城堡。
Also two so called "booster packs" are available: Euro Forces which brings the army of the European Union into the game and Armored Fury which relocates the storyline to North America.
Some have blood in them.
Yakın çatışmalar akşamın geç saatlerine kadar sürdü.
At the time, however, Israel blamed the PLO for the attempt.
He has been the Chairman of the State Administration Council since 2 February 2021.
'da bulunan Sophiantipolis UDEL Üniversitesi'nde ekonomi-politik dersleri gördü.
Dirt and other things, like labels, are taken off.
He forces Henry to create one.
The male begins courtship by flying noisily, and then in a graceful, circular glide with its wings outstretched and head down.
Her iki Almanya tarafından yaklaşan insanlar duvarın üzerinde buluştular.
He was raised in Chicago.
In Wild Cats: status survey and conservation action plan.
在AG第154集為了對抗火箭隊的隆隆岩機械人而進化成頓甲。
Many international organizations use their own country codes, where some of them closely correspond to the ISO 3166-1 codes.
Migrations and visits to and from the USA and the mutual exchange of recordings and sheet music kept musicians in the two countries in touch.
There are so many different skills people could have, you could not agree who was "good stock" and who was "bad stock".
Woodland edges, farmland hedges and gardens with relatively thick vegetation are favoured for breeding.
Simple English of 2:2: "On the seventh day God finished all his work.
Many have opinion sections.
Airoldi decided to run his way to Athens.
Yüksek Orta Çağ, Barok ve Sanayi dönemi temel aşamalara örnek olarak verilebilir.
鄉道屏151線是海口至恆春鎮竹城子的道路，沿途經過統埔、山腳、保力等聚落。
Bonham Carter and Burton met while filming Planet of the Apes.
The Donegal-born full-back signed for the Blues at the end of the January transfer window in 2009 for 40,000 pounds, having had reported interest from Celtic, Birmingham City, and Ipswich Town.
Later in the century, Hoboken became better by being a shipping port and industrial center.
Sometimes one crashes into earth.
The duodenum is the first part of the small intestines.
But before her death Liadan tells Sorcha, Iubdin and Finbar the story of Niamh's abuse by her husband; the escape from Sídhe Dubh with the help of Bran; and her belief that Niamh is not dead.
Most plants use this kind of pollination.
Since that season, Henrik and Pavel are still playing with each other.
The huge clay horse was still standing when the French army invaded again in 1499.
From 9 December 1961 to 26 April 1964 it was an independent state.
The next American goal was Kakazu Ridge.
外型如毛蟲的蝴蝶屋（亦稱蝴蝶館）
四年後，趙家女的原夫察覺此事，於是狀告吾丘衍，加上趙家製造偽鈔牽連吾丘衍 citation ，數罪並罰，吾丘衍因此被捕且受辱 citation 。
部份透過租借法案提供給英國的.
They travel to Narnia through the experiments of Digory's uncle, Andrew.
He is the bartender of Moe's Tavern.
Gruber sang, and Mohr played the guitar.
The song tries not to proceed to question, "Who owns my heart?
The source is the Royal Ballet's DVD Stravinsky: The Firebird & Les Noces, Opus Arte 2002.
People gathered around these cities to farm.
The largest village is Spring Valley.
İnsanların mutlu olduklarında tam olarak sözlü ifade edebilmeleri gibi, kediler de ifade edebilir.
However, Grover meets a monster.
Monet and his friends also had their paintings turned away.
His most famous poem is called Gulshan-i Rāz (Persian: lang meaning "A Secret Rose Garden").
Zombies can walk, think (in some cases), and attack living persons.
"Carteret's Jim Conti, tenor sax, had to return to the States because of an illness in his family, and new trumpet player, Delano Bonner, a native of Jamaica, had problems entering Europe because of visa problems."
Şubat 2020 itibarıyla Harry Potter film serisi tüm zamanların en yüksek hasılat yapan üçüncü film serisidir.
在2006年年中正式開始3G用戶商業推廣活動。
If one person sees a powerful adult walk up and take food away from a starving child, the reaction against the behavior of the adult will be immediate.
This was named Ramacharitmanasa.
Comparative advantage in international trade: a historical perspective.
She added her own notes to it.
There was a major earthquake in 1667 that destroyed many buildings, but the people living there were able to rebuild the town.
The soldiers from the castle were some of the players.
主獎項获奖最多節目和播放平台列表：
In other words, 'Whoever can become wise will rule over everything.'
Anne's body still had a shroud wrapped around her and there was still red hair on her skull.
One of those pieces was a Fantasy on the famous tune Greensleeves.
Walter John Savitch (February 21, 1943 – February 1, 2021) was an American computer scientist.
’na Elazığ milletvekili olarak katıldı.
The work is uncritical, and probably much added to, and the value of the articles is very unequal.
京剧《捉放曹》可分为公堂、行路和宿店等部分。
Music had to have a nice 'shape'.
Booth's plans were stopped, however, when the President changed his plans and decided instead to speak to the 140th Indiana Regiment and present a captured flag.
This is called freediving or skindiving.
Ve Kil’jaeden Sargeras’dan saldırı için emir vermesi için beklemeye başladı.
It is very spicy but can be made milder by leaving out some of the chilis.
The car was first manufactured in the 1949 model year.
Kasabanın nüfusu 31 Aralık 2017 tarihi itibarıyla 9.324'tür.
He has also done voice-overs, and has voiced animations.
对此，国会通过武力法案允许总统使用军事力量来强迫州政府履行所有联邦法律，杰克逊派遣美国海军战舰赴查尔斯顿港，而南卡罗来纳州宣布武力法案无效。
They include fear, anger, greed for wealth and power, sex, etc. Humans very easily learn that they can satisfy these drives more easily if they ignore the inputs from their virtues.
若一校設有多座分館，則以各座分館之總合計算。
Archives, Kingston, Ontario, Canada.
Since then, there have been seven governors.
On May 17, 2019, the Legislative Yuan approved a bill, submitted by the Executive Yuan, recognising marriage for same-sex couples.
In 2007, 2048 people lived there.
After she died, he married Mary Dimmick Harrison.
It then turns south with US-69.
The Fourteenth Dynasty was a local group from the eastern Delta, based at Avaris.
According to scientists, the oldest amber originates from the carbon time and has an age of approximately 345 million years (Upper Carboniferous, Northumberland, USA).
Mark Aldrich, 'The Cherry Mine Disaster of 1909: The Rest of the Story as Told by GeorgeS.
He gave them their name, Anchiceratops ornatus, in 1914, two years later.
我承認這超出了事實，但是持相反主張的人已經誇張了數千年。
In 1957, he was the first comedian in the United States to be on color television, a 15-minute routine sponsored by Tums.
New York: State University of New York Press.
Her first breakthrough came when she played in two youth-oriented movies called Mystic Pizza and Satisfaction, both filmed in 1987.
In the spring of 2005 four names were retired.
The men wore small belts around their waists.
Jason A. Crow citation (born March 15, 1979) is an American lawyer, veteran, and politician.
Progressive rock/metal band Primus appear as themselves during Battle of the Bands, performing "Tommy the Cat".
† means extinct family, genus or species.
Coherence defines the behavior of reads and writes to the same memory location.
He was a member of the Maine House of Representatives from 1998 to 2006.
It can be dissolved in water, but not in alcohol.
When Pandora closed the jar again, only Hope was left inside.
Note 9: Rob M. saw his video from home.
Note: Qualifying spots go to the nation – they are not tied to the individual diver who achieved the place/finish at the qualifying event.
A Tables match is a match where a wrestler must put their opponent through a table with an offensive move in order to win.
It is built over the burial place of Saint Paul.
Many of the characters in the Crucible are based on real people who were at the Salem Witch trials.
Note that both integrals have the same limits.
古巴森林覆盖率持续增长，2011年达25%。
Classified advertising allows private individuals (not simply companies or corporate entities) to try to sell products or services.
HD 100055，又名BD+49 2062，SAO 43793、HR 4436，是一颗恒星 ，视星等为6.
Eventually Russian Cossacks guarded land for the Russian government.
如果一旦锌空电池的封条被撕下，空气就进入内部激活电化学反应，此时即使再贴上封条，电化学反应也会继续下去直到电量耗尽。
Shields can also combine and stack on top of each other.
Since then, many improvements have been made.
Its estimated age is 2.229 billion years ago.
The tower is kept by Iran's Cultural Heritage Organization.
He did not lose any battles.
，为地下站，于2015年10月26日开通，车站编号6/22 citation 。
The new name has been implemented in 2016.
However, the genders of pronouns must match the biological sex of animate nouns.
One example of this is the Visa Waiver Program of the United States.
Nijō Michihira was Chancellor (kampaku); but the court remained under the direction of former-Emperor Go-Uda.
McNair told the officer that he and his brother were staying at a hotel when he was actually escaping from prison.
Unfortunately, Mr. Crocker comes over for dinner on the same day as the convention!
，后者是自19世纪70年代以来对外国人开放的商业港口。
He has a son (born 1988) by another woman.
As of 2017, there are 12 people on the island.
The 1972 United States presidential election happened on November 7, 1972.
In total there are 12 statistical regions in Slovenia.
Defending his sick mother he has accidentally killed a man.
、王林、王巡带兵在北阙下抗击。
All 110 people on board are killed.
However, Goldylocks pampered Shelley and treated Abyss poorly.
Discussion of terminology and definition of the sudden infant death syndrome.
Many cargo ships are built like Noah's ark, because this design is very steady in the water.
It also allows for multiplayer.
启蒙运动时期，共济会从英国开始陆续传播到欧洲大陆，各国共济会纷纷成立了自己的总会所，
His theories helped scientists figure out political science.
Timmins was founded in 1912 by Noah Timmins after there were gold discoveries in the Porcupine Camp, although South Porcupine and Schumacher were formed in 1911.
In the newer versions of the game players can make changes to their weapons.
Palaeographically it has been dated to the 1st century CE.
Among other facets shared by the various fields of inquiry is the conviction that the process be objective to reduce a biased interpretation of the results.
These studies were published as abstracts and presented at a conference.
In early 2020, he signed to Free Voice Records.
Buzz saws an action-figure commercial of himself then walks miserablity away claiming not a flying toy to fell down again crashed his arm to the ground.
，然而更加自我約束，住茅屋吃蔬菜，不改變原有的習慣，
They are now dormant because they lack a supply of matter to feed into their central black holes to generate radiation.
本轮比赛于12月3日进行 citation 。
至少从公元1世纪开始，光背在印度艺术中广泛出现，尤其是在佛教肖像画中。
Most missing person cases that are reported to the police are simple cases, where the person is found quickly.
He plays for Laranja Kyoto.
Davud Han sorununun çözümünde katı bir tutum izlemesi, 1950'de başlayan krizi daha derinleştirdi.
Jaime'i esir aldıktan sonra Vargo, Roose ve Tywin'in arasını bozmak için Jaime'nin kılıç tutan elini kesmesi için bir adamını görevlendirir.
Retrieved on 20 October 2011.
The Reading Teachers Book of Lists claims that the first 25 words make up about one-third of all printed material in English, and that the first 100 make up about one-half of all written material.
Accomplished and financed entirely by Polsheer alone, the project has received praise from academics and from both local and foreign architects.
该项投资发生在2004 年，但是一年以后才予以宣布。
Kadıköy Yeldeğirmeni Okulu’nda ilk ve orta öğrenimini tamamladı.
After a few more raids across the Rhine, which resulted in the recovery of two of the three legion's eagles lost in 9, Germanicus was recalled to Rome and informed by Tiberius that he would be given a triumph and reassigned to a different command.
ABD, Condor ile olan bağının eski Şilili bakan Orlando Letelier ve Amerikan asistanı Ronni Moffitt'in ABD'deki suikastının incelenmesi sırasında açığa çıkmasından korktu.
Shinkai wrote a book that was based on the movie.
，三年不出号令，在后宫日夜为乐，下令进谏之人处死。
依据解密档案，1955年8月-1956年底的肃反运动中，
Only another Supreme Court decision, in another case, can change it.
The body is placed on top of the pyre or under it.
President Lincoln issued two proclamations regarding the blockade.
Cross-section of all skin layers.
写在属名之后，表示不能确定种名的未定种。
He served two terms from 14 October 1973 until 14 February 1975.
古希臘人雖然因為唧筒座的恆星高於水平線而可以觀察到它們，但是它們實在太黯淡了，因此並沒有被歸入任何的古代星座裏 。
SVT's Luciamorgon in December 2019 was celebrated inside the church.
中菜廳更引入神秘果食譜、全港首創私家電飯煲等5招策略，是全球最高中菜食肆。
Germanicus and Drusus stop the revolt.
In Encyclopedia of the American Civil War: A Political, Social, and Military History.
In 1614, Smith returned to the northeast coast of America and named the region "New England".
Then he moved to Rome, where he worked as a singer for Cardinal Cristoforo Madruzzo.
The area once occupied by the state (5,282 km²) now forms two districts of Pakistan - Upper Dir and Lower Dir.
Starting in the early 18th century, the textile industry was established in Aarau.
丁克爾斯比爾的一座羅馬天主教的教堂。
Over the years he wrote several news stories about the dog's remarkable loyalty.
Tyco International, General Motors, and Michelin Shenyang Tire Corporation, are expanding their operations in Shenyang due to a deep pool of skilled technical labor; good transportation; low land-use fees; and solid local support.
Continental is the world's 4th largest tire manufacturer.
If performed while lying flat, this would cause the small of the back to contact ground.
仕慕容宝，位中书令、户部尚书。
While there have been stories that it was Ward's brother William who was killed, these stories are easily disproven.
In 2003, Sting received a CBE from Elizabeth II at Buckingham Palace for services to music.
In a binomial expansion, this second number is equal to the power.
It is arguably Kipling's most famous poem.
They are well-muscled and strong.
Northern Lights won the Carnegie Medal for children's fiction in the UK in 1995.
Öğrenci ve öğretim elemanlarının farklı coğrafi mekanlarda olduğu, ders malzemesi aktarımı ve etkileşiminin teknolojiden yararlanılarak gerçekleştirildiği eğitim biçimidir.
Hans Asperger studied separately a group of children and found very similar conditions.
Being nearly landlocked affects the Mediterranean Sea's properties.
Their older sisters Olga and Tatiana were known as "The Big Pair", because they shared a room as well.
載住更多平民移民的船隻就由8月開始陸續抵達。
These free versions usually have some features missing, and the missing features are only available to those who buy the "full" version.
This would change the future and make it easier to produce and sell integrated circuits.
而黎巴嫩政府军使得中央政府的权利能够覆盖到全国三分之二的地方。
Kayakçıların çıkabileceği en yüksek noktası 3000 metre yüksekliktedir.
Review the information a few hours or even days later.
，卻有地勢太高而缺乏水源的困擾，於是選定在海拔550公尺的白冷取水，昭和2年（1927年）
; if these skin cells move to other areas, new warts can grow there.
Dailymotion was started March 15, 2005 by Benjamin Bejbaum and Olivier Poitrey.
Peck, p. 48 Prescott decided that he wanted to write a book about Ferdinand and Isabella, who were King and Queen of Spain in the early 1500s, in January 1826.
The Attiki Odos is a modern motorway system that runs in the greater Athens metropolitan area and has a total length of 65 kilometres.
This makes the storyline much easier to change and is why many researchers believe the Trojan war stories are about war with enemies created as a result of a copper shortage in Greece.
在8月29日世大運賽事結束後教練團與選手團召開的記者會，女子隊教練李春秋一改28日希望和平收場的態度，表示：「公道自在人心。
It became Canada's busiest airport which also put the end to the community of Elmank.
In most cases, symptoms last less than 2 months, although some people are sick for as long as six months.
在2003年的夏季时刻表中 （英文） Thomas Cook European Timetable (May 2003 edition), pp.
Montanoceratops lived in the late-
She returned to Greenville in 1976, to play a starring role in another Little Theatre production of The Glass Menagerie.
Christiania (Oslo) was made separate as well.
Water levels rose convert in ten minutes, and many residents could not evacuate in time. citation Wenling recorded peak wind gusts of convert, while daily rainfall in Beilun District amounted to convert.
'ün de dahil olduğu konularda bir anlaşmaya varamaması üzerine belli bir sonuca ulaşılamadan sona erdi.
，並刷新國際級與台灣登高賽最高樓紀錄，但因為該項比賽門檻限制較嚴（報名限制為15歲以上，且現場體檢通過者才可參賽） citation ，
She was a male when she was born, and lived as male for many years until changing to female.
、生活服务类节目及多种类型的专题节目 citation 。1985年12月，广播站升格为副科级单位 。
In 1964 he was elected to the municipal council of his village, La Palma.
The card was first issued to the public in July 2003 with a limited range of features and there continues to be a phased introduction of further functions.
）在台合作企業「億康生物科技股份有限公司」董事長 citation citation 。
If our input is cities long, then the number of outputs is ; in general, assuming that we go through every permutation, then we will require loops to complete it.
Impostors can pretend to complete these tasks to make it seem like they are not Impostors.
In Europe, they place basil in the hands of the dead to ensure a safe journey.
In 1999, Balukas was ranked fifteenth on Billiard Digest's Fifty Greatest Players of the 20 th Century.
The park covers 3,500 acres.
Fan base and record sales grew substantially over the following years.
Together, state and local governments have to pay 90% of public school costs.
，京九、 沪九直通列车旅客及其行李物品办理出入境手续程序，
，沿河修建防御工事，并筑重泉城（
It is a sign or a likeness that stands for a real object or person.
There is an inn called the Oak Tree Inn.
He was the Senior United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois between 2010 until his death.
其在医疗建筑设计、设施支援、人事管理以及卫生环境等方面填补战时医疗的巨大空白。
They can also sell or give away copies of the program with or without any changes they made to it.
This is generally known as ozone hole.
、公路客運、部分國道客運、U-bike微笑單車，惟里程計費路線，上車刷卡時不得代墊。
" with T.I. (which he produced) and released his own single, "
Kauniainen has very good bus and train connections.
Anvils are extremely heavy.
He was likened to Phil Niekro due to his long career and relatively old age upon retirement.
Nevertheless, the plot went ahead.
作为纪念，两处银加工作坊保存至今。
In the summer, he was sent to Heartland Wrestling Association (HWA).
）3月翻新，為一座簡單車站大樓。
There are 370 organizations worldwide associated to the WCF.
Later, airlines began to use the upper deck to hold more people instead of using it as a lounge.
The concerto is made of three movements.
This play was called R.U.R. (Rossum's Universal Robots).
What causes this is unknown.
Data analysis is the process of getting more information out of an astronomical observation than by simply looking at it.
As he entered the car, Amir approached the car from the rear and fired two shots at Rabin with a semi-automatic pistol.
硬式棒球部的队服继承自爱知一中时代，学校徽章被放置在胸部中间，帽子带有两条黑线。 citation 1917年，愛知一中棒球部参加了第三届全国中学棒球锦标赛。
Çarla Napolyon’un arası açılınca o da gözden düştü ve ülkede inkılapçı Fransız usullerini tatbik etmekle suçlanarak sürgüne gönderildi.
Biologists explain this with evolution.
毕业于上海财经大学经济学系经济学专业。
Singles skating is composed of a Short Program and a Free Skate.
İşletme Bölümü mezunu olup ayrıca aynı akademinin Kooperatifçilik Enstitüsü'nde master yapmıştır.
Marcus leaves the ship in the episode "Bon Voyage".
At the end of this period, the Earth's crust sank here which led to the area being covered by sea, depositing a variety of new rocks.
同时追赠沈志绪为昭武将军；命沈云英为游击(軍營將官，地位僅次於參將)，代领其部 《道光永州府志·卷十三·良吏传》：“抚按上其事。
The invasion was done by General Harold Alexander's 15th Army Group.
Hens on the top tier of tiered battery cages are more fearful than those on the lower levels.
The university has about 4,608 students.
The money comes from the billions of dollars Bill Gates earned from Microsoft.
The most recent change was in 2010.
When Minuchin moved to New York in 1981, he established the Family Studies Institute, where he could teach family therapists and interface directly with the foster care system through consultation services.
In the United States, Van Cleef also starred in some western movies such as Barquero (1970), by Gordon Douglas, and The Magnificent Seven Ride!
Prior to statehood, it housed federal government offices, the federal courthouse and a post office.
That liquid helps digest fat.
The Atlanta Student Movement was formed in February 1960 in Atlanta by students of the six colleges in the Atlanta University Center (AUC).
It has a number of significant historical inaccuracies.
The Governess doubts that she saw anything, but decides to tell Mrs. Grose.
So, string theory successfully brings General Relativity and Quantum Mechanics together.
The right form of punishment can give the pupil a chance to reflect and learn about consequences.
A Structural pipe fitting, also known as a slip on pipe fitting, clamp or pipe clamp is used to build structures such as handrails, guardrails, and other types of pipe or tubular structure.
They used Cyril's formula instead.
，阿拔斯王朝因军事实力衰落而国势日衰，割据局面形成；期间波斯土地上先后出现塔希尔王朝、萨法尔王朝、
Soon after Nanjing fell, Emperor Hongguang was captured.
The game takes place in the future and the story has no connection with the other Call of Duty stories.
He travelled to another state and landed his lawnchair in western Idaho.
The demand was rejected.
The River Wandle is a river in south-east England.
One was constructed at Arromanches by British forces, the other at Omaha Beach by American forces.
小克與內地著名畫家阮筠庭結婚後，育有一子，現定居杭州。
Din Tai Fung’s management team was formed and a central kitchen was established.
The Ballan Hotel dates from the gold rush period in 1851.
Czechoslovakia was one of the states which came into existence after the breakup of Austria-Hungary at end of World War I in 1918.
Woland and Hella in front of a poster "Professor Woland gives a session of magic"
It shelters many large mammal species, including hartebeest, hippos, kob, and waterbuck.
They dated and got engaged in November 1903.
They have held a lot of concerts since they made a major debut.
She was 25 years old.
Shams-ud-din Ilyas Shah took the title "Shah-e-Bangalah" and united the whole region under one government for the first time.
Unsold copies numbered 1-275, were reissued in 1917 by Kurt Wolff Verlag.
From 2013 to 2017 he was again Foreign Minister.
Some people think he is the best composer in popular music or even any non-classical music.
The event always devolved into a massive fight between the competing students, with injuries, torn clothing, and even arrests being the norm.
） - 西日本旅客鉄道 ，1999年起米原站－
It was the most famous.
If a tropical wave is moving quickly, it can have strong winds of over tropical storm force, but is not considered a tropical storm unless it has a closed circulation.
Meanwhile, people with a BMI of 30 (inside the obese range) remembered an average of 7 out of 16 words.
It has been recorded as deep as convert.
It is the largest anteater: its length is between 182 cm and 217 cm.
It has only a little webbing on the front feet and more on the hind feet.
The current General Secretary is Michael Stephenson.
明命十一年（1830年），任工部侍郎，充辦閣務。
而main顯然是以黃金豐富聞名。
His father, Menachem Elon, was the former Deputy Chief Justice of Israel.
After legal battles which lasted until her death, the bulk of her inheritance was eventually recovered.
All C151 trains had their seats on the middle part of carriage removed.
There are different estimates of how many died in the conflict.
Laredo ABD ulusal otoyol şebekesinin en önemli otoyollarının başında gelen I-35'in güney ucunda bulunmaktadır.
Pink tulips massed against the east colonnade of the White House.
The Palmeral or Palm Grove of Elche (
Ilan was born in Surami, Georgia.
' song "No Fun" and the name of the band Sick of It All.
ABC Television asked Kirshner to produce a new music TV program call "In Concert".
'le anlaşarak 16 parçadan oluşan bir remix albüm çıkardı.
People they worked with said the only way to tell them apart was each had a different reaction when you told him a joke.
"All dance music makes use of syncopation and it's often a vital element that helps tie the whole track together".
元至元二十七年（1290年），新筑城墙，并设望京、岩泉、行春、南明、括苍、通惠六门。
Bu karşılaşmalarında Vulpix'in ne kadar değiştiğini gören Suzie, Brock'un gösterdiği ilgiden etkilenmiştir.
，選區名稱更改為「石籬南」，當時人口估算約19,630人 （main） citation ，
He went with two ships up the coast and sailed into a great harbor which he said was "the finest harbor in the world!"
·西域传》将这些诸外国列入监护名单外。
不得不提的是，这张唱片是此新厂牌的第一张非合辑的作品。
曹植固然构筑了一个美艳的精神别苑，而曹操的诗，则是礁石上的铜铸铁浇。”
It was started in 1896 by Dame Frances Gove.
The Post Office opened on 1 September 1861 and was known as Werracknebeal until 1885.
Eta rapidly weakened to a tropical depression as it moved across Central America for two days before moving north over water.
It changed name to RL Super Sport (RLSS) and 22/90, and was even faster.
Adherence to sharia is an important part of the Muslim faith.
However, the cost of both raw materials and processing is very high.
It has a frog-like alarm call.
Ekim 1998-Mart 2001 yılları Asteriks adlı şirketin müdür yardımcısı ve Nisan 2001'den beri Eskada adlı bir şirketin müdür yardımcısı olmuştur.
It is possible to prove that the harmonic series diverges by comparing its sum with an improper integral.
“Sure,” the player said.
He wanted to join the Royal Engineers.
It is an important transportation route in the places it flows through.
Together, they make up an area of convert.
Other names are stère and kilolitre or kiloliter.
This can be a small number of cells, or millions or trillions of cells.
They should not be left outside and need to be an indoor cat.
When they cannot find food, they live off the fat in the blubber.
She was 21 years old when she was selected for the team. citation She skis in front of Jensen.
He was the third generation of the family as another businessman and politician.
在西方的結婚習俗中，新郎穿制服、晚礼服、早礼服或者便服，新娘會穿著白色的大禮服，
She appeared from 100th story.
波列斯瓦夫他將該地區歸其統治了兩年，直到1273年，當時波列斯瓦夫將該地區送到萊謝克二世，後者出人意料地也成為了伊諾弗羅茨瓦夫公爵。
中正北路東起於中正路口，西止於中正西路口接光和路。
He was internationally known for his publications on philosophy of law and modern Islamic philosophy.
He was editor of the Egyptian newspaper Al-Ahram from 1979 to 2005 and chair of the General Union of Arab Journalists from 1996 to 2012.
Cooperative Institute for Mesoscale Meteorological Studies, Norman, Oklahoma.
FR-Online.de. 于2011年7月8日查阅.
The definitive 2006 book, "The Domestic Architecture of Benjamin Henry Latrobe," by Michael W. Fazio and Patrick Alexander Snadon, (who call the house the Pearson House) states that this is uncertain.
Nigel Kelly; Bob Rees; Paul Shuter, Medicine Through Time (Oxford: Heinemann, 2002), p. 66 This was the top school of physicians in France.
This was because the tribes of this area were based in Sudan.
Half of the perched lakes in the world are found on Fraser Island.
The two cities Weimar and Apolda were not part of the district.
He established the puroresu as a popular professional sport in Japan less than a decade after Japan lost the World War II.
Their exact rank is the matter of some debate.
This solo led to the beginning of a style of jazz called "cool jazz".
Using material that is not related to the subject of the work.
Keşan’da hastane ve depo olmayıp 1 şadırvan, 15 çeşme, buharla çalışan 1 un fabrikası, 32 yel değirmeni, 1 çömlekhane ve 3 taş ocağı vardır.
Black politicians have send their condolences to the family of Terre'Blanche.
His widow Jane was said to have told visitors, "They say he could not paint flesh.
The two Catholic organizations, Orlovi (Eagles) and Katolička Akcija (Catholic Action) were a main base of this resistance to the idea of Yugoslavism, brotherhood and religious tolerance.
Her bir eleman için bir kez yer değiştirme yapılır, tüm liste için toplam n tane yer değiştirme işlemi yapılır.
He wondered why a phone booth still exists.
The neighborhood was considered "not especially diverse" ethnically within Los Angeles, with a high percentage of white residents.
Then he won the Arab Junior title in 1996.
Whether he is Æsir or Vanir is doubtful.
More were circumcised in a religious ceremony or in a doctor's office later.
In this town, the abbesses of Quedlinburg had some officials which were called the Vögte of Gera.
Pseudogenes in the ENCODE regions: Consensus annotation, analysis of transcription, and evolution.
Website with scanned reconstructions of the frame from Lotte Brand Philip's book, The Ghent Altarpiece (Princeton, 1971), which originated some of these ideas.
Some slave-holding states that remained in the Union may be excluded.
This period started in January 1131 and ended in August 1132.
In Autumn of that year, the CLAAS Jaguar Speedstar was first sold.
）父貞敬親王薨逝後，繼承伏見宮。
While some of these were also released as singles in other territories, none of these were released as singles in the UK.
Buluş ya da icat, daha önce bulunmayan bir şeyin insan çabasıyla oluşturulmasıdır.
She was a member of the National System of Researchers from 1985.
LLS 2000 seçimlerinde kazandı ve tekrar görevde kaldı ancak ekonomik reformlarla ilgili bir diğer anlaşmazlığın ardından yedi ay içinde görevden ayrıldı.
This effect causes growth of muscle and bone.
Pursued its production resented the style of Antonio Mancini portraying subjects in the Neapolitan folklore.
She became the leader of the Scottish National Party on 14 November 2014.
宣德三年（1428年），朱橞在囚禁中去世，其家属取赴京，
'daki Rocky Reach Hydro Projesini güvenli bir şekilde geçmesine izin veren yavru balık bypass sistemini gösteren bir diyagram.
Though the Smithsonian's first leader (called "Secretary"), Joseph Henry, wanted the Institution to be a center for scientific research, before long it became the depository for various Washington and U.S. government collections.
The match of 34 games was the longest world championship match held until 1985.
，最高點是海拔高度4,049米的皮茲伯里那山。
He broke his leg during the jump, but escaped out the back door and onto his horse.
She used her father's extensive library and was often found reading by her mother's grave.
King was living with and being cared for by the Yandruwandha aboriginals.
A 'pentangle', 'star pentagon', or 'pentalpha' means the same thing.
Romanda hakim olan "Binbir Gece Masalları'ndaki" gibi serüvenden serüvene devam eden, bir maceracının hiç eksilmeyen intikam duygusudur.
The Film Encyclopedia: The Most Comprehensive Encyclopedia of World Cinema in a Single Volume.
This did not happen to James.
Cumhuriyet döneminde İstanbul Üniversitesi İktisat Fakültesi 1940'lı yıllardaki Umumi İktisat ve Maliye Teorisi Kürsüsü ile Maliye ve Mali Kanunlar Kürsüsü 1952'den sonra Maliye Disiplini adıyla devam etmiştir.
The oceanic whitetip shark has also been observed eating garbage that is disposed of at sea.
The commune is the smallest in Luxembourg in area.
These kinds of dogs, instead of being called mutts, are known as designer dog breeds.
A city may be named after someone.
Mary Loretta Philbin (July 16, 1902 – May 7, 1993) "California Death Index, 1940–1997," database, FamilySearch (https://familysearch.
Gümüşhane iline 98, Kelkit ilçesine 38, Erzincan'a ise 32 km uzaklıktadır.
Its popularity quickly spread to Finland and Switzerland, but with different rules.
」因此，白涅一姓的祖先是染布人，而用其手藝作為姓氏。
It is the world's largest natural sinkhole.
Dışarı çıktığında Polat, detaylı bir şekilde Müdür'ü sorgular.
Benoit won the match and was congratulated by Theodore Long.
A cloverleaf interchange is where two freeways meet.
It is a 501(c)(4) group.
Inez had winds of just over 150 miles an hour (almost Category 5 level).
The traditional food is the bread of the dead( pan de muertos).
He plays as a scrum-half.
Teams consist of fifteen players (a goalkeeper, two corner backs, a full back, three half backs, two mid fielders, three half forwards, two corner forwards and a full forward) plus up to fifteen substitutes, of which five may be used.
早期的撲克牌是一種賭博遊戲，借用來占卜，可依張數和JQK三張牌來進行。
Ayrıca Türkiye'de henüz kullanılmayan menisküs nakli dünyada yaygınlaşmaya başlamıştır.
Among many great oratorios that he wrote, Messiah is his most famous one.
He was the only trumpet player Davis personally mentored.
The ideas in that book were very different from classical economics.
When the driver cannot see what is directly in front of his or her wheels, it can make the difference between getting through or damaging the vehicle.
Ayala has published 950 papers and 30 books.
此前，呼圖克圖的轉世一般通過占卜等方式確定。
The Karthigai Deepam festival is celebrated during the day of the full moon between November and December, and a huge beacon is lit at the top of the hill.
Players can find Pokemon by using the game map to walk to places where the grass is moving.
Created and headed by him, Group 36, Inc. provides its services to non-profit organizations from start-up projects and initiatives to large international foundations.
This holds the driver secure in the seat and has with a quick-release lock, which can be opened in less than a second if the driver needs to leave the car due to fire or explosion.
In 1950, no large battles were started.
Australia will stand by the mother country to our last man and our last shilling".
Few monks live isolated lives nowadays.
，主要旅游点有哈尔和林古都、库苏古尔湖、
The album became her best-reviewed of her career.
The Moor chases him, and kills him with a blow of his scimitar.
Someone's desire for a hat, for example, will tend to cause that person to move his or her body in a specific manner and in a specific direction to obtain what he or she wants.
Annesinin verdiği altınları, atını ve silahlarını kaybeden ve meteliksiz kalan Barry çaresizce İngiliz ordusuna katılır.
Louisiana was hit the worst.
However, the Spanish still controlled the Caribbean.
As the ice age ended, these melted to create lakes.
Baba İshak kendisine katılan yöre halkından insanlarla daha büyük bir kuvvet haline gelmiştir.
Before the Games started, American wheelchair curlers had a few important dates in preparation for the Games.
Its main owner is Nihon Keizai Shimbun.
“请命思行发谕刀薛孟归侵地”，明成祖同意这个意见，最终令思行法自行解决 - -
Between 2004 and 2008, he served as chairman of the Party's internal Committee for Education Policies; he quit for disagreements over the Government policy favouring private universities.
He married and had no children.
It is said to be Bournonville's greatest ballet.
The Charyapada were meant to be sung.
It may change the theme or target audience.
No word was sent and he was not served, although he twice returned to the diner before it was closed at 9 pm.
Since 2004, hundreds of bred and collected blue iguanas have been led into a reserve on Grand Cayman.
The bottle breaks when it lands, spilling the flammable liquid over the target, which is then ignited by the burning rag.
Şehrin nüfusu 2010 sayımına göre 161.791'dir.
Twelve hours later, it strengthened into Tropical Storm Georgette before weakening to a depression 6 hours later.
Parties listed in the order they are alphabetized by Elections Ontario.
RVD pushed Hardy and Benjamin's ladder over with his feet and pushed them sending them both smashing on the floor.
LearnNavi Community Forum http://forum.
This is a list of administrators and governors of Lagos State.
Some vegetables are perennial crops but most are annual and biennial crops.
Turing complete means that it is possible to tell this particular computer anything that it is mathematically possible to tell a computer.
Boys grow more slowly than girls, but for a longer time.
At the Fifth Congress, the size of the Central Committee was reduced to 150 members from the previous membership of 225. Fidel Castro was the party's First Secretary (or leader) since its creation while Raúl Castro was the Second Secretary.
而同樣在西元2001年的社會上，土庫曼斯坦的總統尼亞佐夫發表了一份聲明，強制所有欲與土庫曼女性通婚的外國人繳交不得少於五萬的美金。
Erişkinler 11–13 cm boyunda ve 12 gram ağırlığındadır.
He was able to meet and marry a member of the royal family (the cousin of King Matthias).
In 2000, there were 3,696 persons living there.
Arguably, CBT fails to focus on the patient as a whole.
The county has a total area of 1,004 square miles.
Mektupta Madam, baloda onu gördüğü andan beri ona olan tutkulu aşkından bahseder ve kızıyla evlenmesini ister.
Bunların sonuçları Habeş el-Hâsib tarafından Zic el-Mumtahan adlı bir kitapta toplandı.
他的儀仗隊，往往逾越了制度，齊武帝的宮禁雖然近在咫尺，但始終不知道蕭長懋的作為 。
Art history is the study of objects of art in their historical development and stylistic contents; that is genre, design, format, and style.
His first movie was Parasakthi.
But not before he cried out to his reflection: "Farewell, dear boy.
The Sompnour appears and tells his guards to arrest the shepherds for stealing the King’s venison.
Burnside's plan, approved by Lincoln, was to move the army south to attack Richmond.
After mating in the summer, the kits will not be born until the following spring.
Even some species with lungs also respire through the skin in this manner.
Only poor quality coal was used in salt panning; the best coal was sold and shipped out of the town.
There has been a long controversy about whether or not to classify it as a mammal.
文忠民（1950年3月 － ）
Osmin gets drunk and Belmonte gets him out of the way so that Belmonte again sees his beloved Konstanze.
囚多疫死，為時其食飲，令三日一櫛沐，全活甚眾。
Cyprus cats are strong, athletic and full of energy.
It only leaves a semi-transparent mesh in front of the woman's eyes, so she can see.
It is named after Charles Adolphe Wurtz.
'nda iki altın, bir de gümüş madalya kazanmıştı.
The army was commanded by Grant from 1862 until late summer 1863.
They have one daughter from Kramer's previous marriage, two sons and a daughter.
The production, and stockpiling of such weapons was forbidden in the Biological Weapons Convention of 1972.
Its first flight was on 20 December 2007.
He went to the local schools.
After arranging the yerba along one side of the gourd, the mate is carefully tilted back onto its base, minimizing further disturbances of the yerba as it is re-oriented to allow consumption.
A new customs house replaced it in 1842.
儀式地點-rante通常在廣大的青草田野間，有觀眾的遮蔭處、米倉和其他為死者家屬準備的祭儀設施。
The plays usually ended with a dog, a policeman, or the devil dragging him away.
He had a son, Christopher by his wife June.
传统食物包括main、吉尔吉斯抓饭、面包和肉食，不同种类肉和奶酪的main，以及不同种类的面团食品。
，一旦完成后的作品能得到认可就能获得下一条线索。
It was 16-bit and Sega's first product in CD market.
The theater was later renamed to the Burt Reynolds Jupiter Theater and closed in 1997 after Reynolds declared bankruptcy.
Şirket, çeşitli branş ve uzmanlık alanlarından 50 ila 200 emekli TSK görevlisi çalışmaktadır.
Kattode is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency.
Australian Journal of Zoology 29: 1–5 It can stick out up to 180 mm outside the snout.
This meant, for the first time since the 1920s, the House is reunited and restored.
Petipa provided Tchaikovsky with a detailed analysis of the musical requirements.
She also supported War Child.
Monica ve Chandler çocuk sahibi olmaya çalışır ancak sağlık sorunları nedeniyle çocuklarının olamayacağı ortaya çıkar.
He lost the war but remained independent from British.
The station was opened as Walham Green on 1 March 1880.
Any such complex elements can be interrelated in simple or complex ways and may be hard to identify as distinct.
Dowd, War under Heaven, 275. Native American losses went mostly unrecorded.
The site was called "Zhongwen Wikipedia" (中文Wikipedia, Chinese Wikipedia).
Steele also served as the Speaker of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly from 1984 to 1986.
Most Laz people today live in Turkey, but the Laz minority group has no official status in Turkey.
This was the first major mistake of the battle for the South.
On orders from Bischoff, Nitro announcer Tony Schiavone gave away this previously taped result on the live Nitro, and then sarcastically added "that'll sure put some butts in the seats"; over 600,000 viewers changed channels to watch Raw.
Gemicilik Şirketi tarafından 7 Nisan 1943 tarihinde inşa edilmiştir.
In 2007 he had small roles in the series Aliens in America.
An estimated 10,000–30,000 people disappeared during this and later military regimes.
The fourth round is called the finals.
His distant relationship with his mother was always strained and has been blamed on her ambition to keep power to herself.
演唱會所有場次於2016年6月20日在城市售票網公開發售，承繼上次售票規則，每人每次限購票四張，所有門票於發售當日全數售罄。
They never got to Roanoke Island.
For example, the end product(s) often inhibit one of the first enzymes of the pathway.
It snowed 18.6 inches (47.2 centimeters).
Between 1981 and 1995 Beckton was within the London Docklands Development Corporation area.
In many universities, traditional departments (e.g.
'da olduğu gibi normal telefon numaraları verilir.
People always dress to be ready for rain or wind.
When she was a teenager, she moved to France.
Flights from Bangkok are around 60 minutes.
The Socialist Party is affiliated to the Committee for a Workers International, and is indeed the largest of its forty members.
This guarantees that TDES will remain an active cryptographic standard well into the future.
Köydeki yarı kâgir evler iki katlıydı.
In 2007, 9371 people lived there.
It is a colorless gas.
Riders are made aware of the closest connection point by way of in-train visual and auditory messages.
It is used to keep things in its place.
The founders are Dennis Flores, Jason del Aguila, and Noelle Flores Théard.
'de sürmesinden duyulan endişeden dolayı Pirelli'nin Macaristan Grand Prix'ye kadar tamamen yeni lastik türleri çıkarmasına izin verilirken var olan lastikler üstünde Almanya yarışında geçici bir çözüm olarak değişiklikler yapıldı.
Belshazzar's body is facing the viewer, but his head is screwed around to see what is happening behind him.
幽兒曾對莎拉說「妳和我是一樣的，如果是妳的話一定也能指引我們。
在此之后，6期生的高城亚树同年10月19日剧场出道、仅用71天时间、于同年12月29日正式升格到TeamA，创下了研究生剧场出道到升格的最短时间纪录。
由於兩人均想留在自己原本的住處，所以一开始的時候，他们决定以十二天為週期，
Petrushka tells the story of the loves and jealousies of three puppets.
這種理想的恆星時日後也應用在行星、月球和太陽運動的描述。
In 1993 it was open into the whole nation of Australia.
One hundred and seventy-four passengers and four people on the ground perish in the crash.
The railway line went to Blayney convert north west in 1874.
Slavery was an issue that divided the country.
Historically, Mystic was a leading seaport of the area.
魯賓和韋里斯基亦解釋，他們選擇以伊朗打頭陣是因為匹茲堡有個人數雖不多但很活躍的伊朗社區 。
Labradoodles are also very good around children, and are also very outgoing and self-confident.
These healthy bacteria keep C. diff bacteria under control.
Please note the artfully carved pew ends.
學生會另置班聯會之主席及副主席各一人，由學生會正副會長兼任之。
美方也干涉中華民國政府計畫以強制儲蓄的方式，籌集總值1億5000萬元新台幣資金，以縮減財政赤字的方案，改為由美國經濟合作總署撥款400萬到700萬美元資金，讓台灣的進口商與企業界得以從政府購買更多的外匯，用來進口美方指定的商品與工業設備。
She wrote the novel The Talented Mr. Ripley in 1955.
He taught at the State University of New York at Geneseo from 1972–1978.
A bad trip can lead to lasting bad memories and even mental harm.
From 1970 to 1997, he was Director of the Recherches de science religieuse.
Lisa Metzger, whom she tells about the relationship.
It may also talk about what causes the condition.
Shyamalan revealed that Kevin Crumb was going to be the secondary villain of Unbreakable but he felt it would make the movie too complicated.
They are described by the special term "
They told him to be ready for Section 4 of the 25th Amendment to be invoked.
在哈塔米的第二个任期中他担任其顾问主席，但是极少出头露面。
The feast (name) day of St. Anna and St. Joachim is July 26.
Bir zamanlar, oradaki ileri ziraatın eseri olarak ipekçiliğin çok geliştiği ve sanayinin kurulduğu şehir, bugünün Suruç’udur.
People in Karnataka have special attachment and reverence to Lord Hanuman.
Köchel'in ilk yayınlanmasından sonra Köchel dizini için yeni basımlar yapılmış ve bunlardan bazılarında yeni bilgilerin ortaya çıkması dolayısıyla önemli revizyon yapılmıştır.
劇組表示，出於分級問題不能讓電光人裸露生殖器，但穿著一件普通的短褲又略顯不合理，所以在後期製作中用數位技術將短褲加上了科技元素。
One of the most known mill towns was Lowell, Massachusetts, which opened in 1823.
Samyabadi and Prachi journals published his later poems.
In September 1979, Jackson started acting in A New Kind of Family.
In Japan today, the system of counting years from the reign of Emperor Jimmu has been abandoned.
The message has been identical and for all humankind.
But the new green building design goals should be able to avoid most of the SBS sources in the first place.
They make noises to each other with different sounds using their voices.
Because he refused to sign this document, he and his son Samuel were tied to a cart loaded with stolen goods and driven with a gun pointed at them, while being beaten up.
Osmanlı Harp Divanı; 31 Mart ayaklanmasında suçlu gördüğü 49 kişiyi asmak suretiyle idam etmiştir.
Mason served in the church as a bishop, stake president, and regional representative.
It is operated by Nottingham Tram Consortium, a 50:50 partnership between Transdev and Nottingham City Transport.
Ayrıca kurultay meclisinin diğer adıdır.
，但是由于家境贫寒，他连足球鞋都经常买不起，更加没有能力承担小学毕业后参加专业足球学校的费用，或者进入足球俱乐部梯队的某些开销。
This difference is about eleven minutes each year.
Adodo Eddy Osaman (born November 9, 1988) is a Nigerian publisher, training professional and youth activist.
These kind of hormones that work opposite of other hormones are called counter-regulatory hormones.
In this sense "mother figure" can be considered an archetype and instances can be found in various female characters with distinct personalities.
She also received a “Master of Science” award in chemistry from New York University in 1941.
If something has a lot of juice in it, it is said to be juicy.
They occupied small parts of land, but rarely launched actual campaings against any of the sides.
Although Japan won 2 matches, Japan exited in the first round.
Creech’s first two novels were for adults.
He is a patron of the Royal Osteoporois Society.
翌日，大和方面軍收到家康的命令而前往住吉。
Nintendo's finances became worse starting in 2010.
John Caulfield was an early settler in the colony of Victoria.
Formlar aşağıda verilmiştir,Ayrıca Legendre formu ve Carlson simetrik şekli şeklinde de ifadeleri vardır,ek olarak Schwarz–Christoffel haritalaması'da teoriye eklenebilir.
在2011年4月，Attachmate收購Novell後，針對Novell發布了上百位人力的解僱。
People lost interest in Alger's books in the early 1920s.
They have movies for the whole family to enjoy, such as film franchises based on Thomas & Friends, Bob the Builder, Roary the Racing Car, Mopatop's Shop, Barney & Friends, Yoko!
He's Luke, Larry, and Lori Stanley's grandpa, and Lisa Stanley's dad.
The Basque Country or Basque Autonomous Community was called a nationality in Spain by the Spanish Constitution of 1978.
The word "but" in the sentence "I like cats, but he likes dogs" is a conjunction doing this.
's twelfth biggest island.
He is the father of Jan Lampo.
The 34th G8 summit was a meeting in 2008 for the leaders of Canada, the European Commission, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Russia, the United Kingdom and the United States.
The music makes us realize that he is not forcing her to love him but that she is willing.
It was made for the movie to be spoken by the actors when they played Na'vi characters.
When the patents lost effect in 1732, other mills were built in Stockport and Macclesfield.
鉀離子在日常飲食中以多種型態出現如：胺基酸鉀、葡萄糖酸鉀、
）设立彰德军节度使，以贝州为永清軍節度使，下辖贝州（
麻姑人物的出现，早在魏晋南北朝时期的道教典籍里记载过她的相关事迹。
There is a common version where the wrestler perform a catapult to the opponent while the opponent is lying down in between both the bottom and second ropes.
The player who can get the most cards wins.
She complained that the normal witness oath would not be right because she had an oath that she had given to the king.
Its transmitter is located at Emerald Hills, Sumulong Highway, Antipolo.
马共解散之际，共有约1188名活跃党员，当中部分选择回到马来西亚的故乡定居，另一部份则选择留在泰国边境的和平村内。
发现受到以色列空军威胁，刚在六日战争遭到毁灭性打击的叙利亚军队立刻调头撤退，后表示叙利亚只想调解约旦的冲突，并不打算入侵约旦这样一个阿拉伯兄弟国家。
It is in the southwest of the country.
They kept flying Fouga CM-170 Magisters until 1980.
但遲了些個，再是一頓，便一發結果了你廝！
臣昨見所遣將，命下即色變，臨事可知矣。
Perhaps it was because he was so busy, or perhaps because he no longer needed to look for fame.
That was the First National Flag.
Today, these religions are grouped into the same religion known as the triple religion or Tam Giao, which has many followers.
The first book of Andrei Gusev is "Presentation" (1993).
Eric grew up in San Bernardino in California.
It reunites lost dogs and cats with their owners.
A great deal of human life is spent solving problems.
In the 10th century, the Chola kings made Sri Lanka a part of their kingdom.
He has acquired Bulgarian citizenship and considers himself wholly Bulgarian.
Neanderthal men were about 164–168 cm (5.3 ft) tall and averaged 77.6 kg (171 lbs) in weight.
Abbott was a member of the Reform Party from 1993 to 2000 and a member of the Canadian Alliance from 2000 to 2004.
次日，迪士尼宣佈暫停旗下全部影片的拍攝 ，因此《尚氣與十環傳奇》的拍攝工作全部停擺 。3月16日，克雷頓的測試結果為陰性 。
This season had a record low level of activity.
Bir menkıbeye göre Kayı İnal Han Muhammed devrine Müslüman olmuş ve Dede Korkut’u Peygamber’e elçi göndermiştir.
Both times he won the award for a work with another writer.
In a series of three primary elections, he defeated the favored former Secretary of the Interior under President Vicente Fox, and thus the election of Calderón as party candidate surprised many analysts.
Fighting at the side of Lt. McKee, by whom he was especially commended, Troy was badly wounded by the enemy.
The table below also includes the population and region information.
Specifies how the letter as a whole should look.
It was replaced by Sean in 2011.
There are also many Nature Resorts in Wayanad for the travelers with great natural view points with silent atmosphere.
IFPI Greece'in yerel ticari adı Ένωση Ελλήνων Παραγωγών Ηχογραφημάτων (ΕΕΠΗ) (
In 1965 she performed with the American Folk Blues Festival package in Europe where she recorded her album Big Mama Thornton in Europe and followed it up the next year in San Francisco with Big Mama Thornton with the Chicago Blues Band.
In his career, Prost beat nearly all his team-mates on total points, including five World Champions.
In 1974 the Albert medal was exchanged before the Queen at Buckingham Palace.
罂粟同時也是稅收的單位，地方政府相當仰賴罂粟帶來的稅收，所以農民每年都必須上繳固定的罂粟作為罂粟稅。
But Schewebazade, the Sultan's young wife, saves them and they escape from the palace.
She then became popular all over Japan.
It also supported the multitasking feature for the first time.
The purpose of the library is to assist members of the nihongo.
In the English language, it is possible for a noun to modify (describe) another noun.
David ise eğer bir partner bulamazsa denizi sevdiği ve yaşam döngülerinin hoşuna gitmesi sebebiyle ıstakoza dönüştürülmeyi ister.
It added six new teams, which already had six teams in it.
遇刺身亡後，總統參選人列入美国特勤局的保護範圍。
The convent had a very wealthy "
The generation of electricity using solar energy.
The movie was a box office success, grossing $142 million against a budget of $15 million.
This edition was started in June 2001.
Although it is a town and not a city, Derry is the fourth most-populous community in the state.
Tilia nasczokinii is a mesophyte, shade-tolerant, entomophylous plant.
拉达克不断起兵反抗，最终都被他镇压。
按《新竹縣政府組織自治條例》，新竹縣政府設有15個所屬一級單位。
顶真也叫“联珠”，是把上一句末尾的词语作为下一句开头的词语，一句一句首尾蝉联的修辞手法。
He is also a member of Scarsdale Friends Meeting.
Her claim passed to her son, Prince Pedro Henrique of Orléans and Braganza.
像柏克莱大学的其他研究项目一样，
The magazine merged with Atkinson's Casket to become Graham's Magazine.
Some deaf people can also understand spoken words by looking at a speaker's lips.
He made notes on the many plants and the amazing natural phenomenon, the Kiama Blowhole.
Belediye Başkanlığı Peter Richelsen tarafından yürütülmektedir.
It was under the Roman sphere of influence in 66 BC.
In 2020, there was an election in Burma.
Dodgeville became the largest city in Wisconsin.
，调黄埔军校潮州分校任中尉区队长，旋调第25师59团上尉连长。
The following year, the band released the second album Girls Will Be Girls.
He is thought to be one of the 50s Generation of Spanish poets.
You don't need a library or a room for them.
培根于1928年底或1929年初回到伦敦，开始室内设计师工作。
His first goal was against SC Altach on November 24, 2007.
Modern wushu competitors practice jumping techniques such as 540 and 720 and even 900 degree jumps and kicks.
His wife, Anmanari, had already been painting at the centre for several months, and Dawson joined her along with several of the community's other senior men.
Frolík was traded to the Chicago Blackhawks, along with Alexander Salak for Hugh Jessiman and David Pacan on February 9, 2011.
She felt an orphan would be the most interesting character to write about.
İki bölüm sürdüğü için film olarak geçer.
It is widely considered the top level of competition in the world for American football.
Scientists from the Max Planck Institute of Animal Behavior studied the bat Molossus molossus, which hunts insects in groups.
Their horns are silver and their eyes are rubies.
The University started a UWA Albany Centre in 1999 to meet rural education needs.
Scotland is the first of the three Kingdoms to recognize his claim to the throne.
Because of this Libya's foreign relations with several western nation were negatively effected, and it would become a reason for US to bomb Libya in 1986.
In late 2004 to 2007, a series of operations by US forces, was not successful in driving resistance from Anbar.
The telomeres are disposable buffers blocking the ends of the chromosomes.
However Raji wants to marry Koly because he does not care about appearance and only wants someone he can talk to.
At first, the light had reflectors but changed to a dioptric (refracting) mechanism in 1838.
In most therapeutic circumstances, drugs are not given as a single dose but as multiple doses.
On July 11, 1939, the library got its present name.
In 1933 he was kicked off from the Party, and in 1934 from the organisations of Psychoanalysis.
Galatasaray 16 Ağustos 2012'de KAP'a gönderilen açıklamada Profesyonel futbolcularımızdan Juan Emmanuel Culio'nun 2012-2013 futbol sezonu için Mersin İdman Yurdu Spor Kulübü Derneği'ne geçici transferi konusunda anlaşmaya varılmıştır.
In association, the Doitsu Gaku Kyokai Gakko (German Education Association School) was founded in 1883.
This caused people to move to the area for the jobs.
它的单位一般使用分贝，其值为十倍对数信号与噪声功率比：
Y bears the shortest place name in France, and one of the shortest in the world.
Often the picture will change when the user moves their head, they may be able to "walk" through this virtual space and to see things in that space from different directions, and maybe move things in that space.
Bu yolla, 50 ürünlü bir sipariş dakikalar içinde tamamlanır.
While he was at Moscow University, Chekhov wrote many short stories to pay for his schooling and to help his family.
The many-worlds interpretation is by far the most fantastic interpretation of quantum mechanics.
İdari bölüm olarak Oymyakonsky Bölgesi içinde Ust-Nera yerleşimi olarak kurulmuştur.
The aim of the airport was to increase traffic and capacity which the old Kai Tak Airport could not handle.
Ve bugün Truvalı Helen olarak bilinir.
It has a white belly.
Nassau County was created in 1824.
但他是聰明且有智慧的，在《main》裡，他給了溫蒂有用的建議，
在冲突中美舰反击号被法国俘虏，后来又被美国俘虏。
They travel 50 km to feed.
According to the Beatles, Lennon's son, Julian Lennon showed his father a nursery school drawing he called Lucy - in the sky with diamonds, depicting his classmate, Lucy O'Donnell.
'daki Yahudi nüfusunun 2004 itibarıyla 100'den az olduğu düşünülür, bu sayı 1922'de 75 ila 80 bin arasındaydı.
Rhythm game developers tried to add new features to their games.
Indoors, Vizslas can be quite inactive.
It is also called the National Liberation Alliance or the Yellow Shirts after the colour of the clothes they wear.
The Granth teaches us how we should live, and promotes a modern ideology.
後與他人創建江淮大學，並任教授。
Breakbeats were added to the music to form what became known as breakbeat hardcore.
Tamura was born on January 10, 1927.
The other semi was filled by Azarenka and Kirilenko and the number two seeds.
Between 1966 and 1975, the "Gropiusstadt" was built.
They set the base to blow up and steal a vehicle to escape.
The currency of Peru is the Nuevo Sol.
İnternet aracılığı ile diğer oyuncuların Sim'lerinin sahne şovları da izlenebilir.
Since the split, Cameron fell for her Descendants co-star Thomas Doherty (Harry Hook), the two are now a happy, and lovestruck pair.
It has been awarded every year since 1990.
The new track is about 8.6 km long and was built with six new stations: Downsview Park, Finch West, York University, Pioneer Village, Highway 407, and the Vaughan Metropolitan Centre.
Sometimes it can reduce energy costs, but it can also increase them.
She left behind the idea that people are always stronger when they work together in groups.
，诺斯托摩峡谷在雷普利陨石坑的垂直对面。
The seminary then stopped teaching high school classes.
Bagdasarian, performing as the Chipmunks, released a long series of albums and singles.
It is recommended to drink six to eight glasses of water a day to help keep stools soft.
Joseph şiirlerin çok uzun olduğunu belirtmiş, bu yüzden sözleri sığdırabilmek için rap yapması gerektiğini söylemiştir.
For example, the Romanian government sided against the Soviets when they went into Czechoslovakia.
In North America, it is common for there to be a visitation (also called a viewing or a wake) a few days before the funeral.
Battlefield 2 is one of the most popular games in it´s genre.
Computers can be designed to do almost anything with information.
Before him the town manager was Paavo Karttunen.
，此事亦见于《隋书》记载的隋文帝诏书中 岑仲勉 1958，第113-114页 ，原文“达头前攻酒泉，其后于阗、波斯、挹怛三国一时即叛” 魏徵 1997，卷八十四·列传第四十九 。
尚泰王之女性後代仍然使用尚姓，名字為日式名，如尚泰王於琉球滅亡後所生的七個女兒名尚政子、尚八重子、尚君子、尚小夜子、尚鈴子、尚貞子、尚千代子。
It is about 16 miles northwest of Zebak.
Henriette also forced the ports in Los Cabos to close completely, and the port in La Paz to close to small craft.
A strategy is a long term plan on what to do to achieve a certain goal.
伴娘亦以其多金而安之，虽声名狼藉，不惜也。
However, when things progressed slower than expected, Miyamoto returned to the development team with a more central role.
Amendments can add, remove, or update parts of these agreements.
'de yayınlanan Renkli Bir Gece programlarında sunuculuk yapmıştır.
The circuit is one of the few non-oval racing circuits to go in an anti-clockwise (counter-clockwise) direction.
Mancini was born in Little Italy, Cleveland and raised in West Aliquippa, Pennsylvania.
Perhaps Garibaldi could not have succeeded in mobilising the army with such ease if Mazzini had not invested his thirty years in his mission of cultural and literary renaissance.
This would take organisms sideways off the path from simple to complex, specialising them for their environment.
After the battle, the Marines are sent home to planet Earth.
The Battle of Taranto in 1940 was a successful air attack on the Italian Navy at anchor when 21 British torpedo bombers sunk one battleship and damaged two others.
The National Gallery writes, "Perhaps their appeal rested in their sense of order, of things in their proper place.
This name was used by a prophet woman inside the Old Testament Book of Judges.
Frogs need their skin to be wet in order for them to get oxygen.
Frequently the same movement has different names in different martial arts.
He first appeared in the 1987 movie RoboCop.
Çin'deyken, ipek böceği yetiştirmek ve ipek üretmek için karmaşık yöntemleri gözlemlediler.
After André collected his prize money, he threw some of it into the audience.
Sonra dışişleri için önemli elçiliklere getirildi.
Nearly all inhabitants of Rapa are living in Haurei.
，查爾默斯的面積為0.76平方千米，當中陸地面積為0.76平方千米，而水域面積為0.00平方千米。
'ın Devleti) olmak üzere dört parçaya ayrıldı.
，不以正傳為藍本，以全新的故事、世界、系統開展故事，但某些作品中摻入正傳中的角色，以使外傳的故事與正傳有關聯。
Graphical representation of the consumption function, where a is autonomous consumption (affected by interest rates, consumer expectations, etc.), b is the marginal propensity to consume and Yd is disposable income.
根據 Climo (1975)的研究，
Phobia is different than just being scared of something.
Any observed evolutionary change is described by them as being "just microevolution".
The trouble with culture: how computers are calming the culture wars.
"Meister" means "master".
不久，高曼發現它的西邊出現一個物體。
The engine generated 20 horsepower and propelled the car to modest top speeds of 40–45 miles per hour (65–70 km/h).
It was the first feature-length movie made by an African American.
風暴下，澳門有輕微財物損失，但無傷亡。
If the habitat changes, it may no longer be suitable for the animals and plants that live there.
Each adapts to its own situation.
，温家宝主持国务院进行救灾抢救。
这一组合从一开始便引起各方关注，并在短短时间内就迅速走红。
你那好冷的小手（銀霞演唱）、小秘密（銀霞演唱）、風告訴我（陳明韶演唱）、如果（施碧梧、邰肇玫演唱）、動不動就說愛我 （芝麻龍眼演唱）、神話（
Gece A. İ. Göğüş telefon etti.
At the end of the book, Peter and Susan are told that they will not be able to come back to Narnia.
Diş yapıları diğer çeşitli kemiricilerinkine benzer.
The eastern part had similar problems.
The Harlem River forms the border between Manhattan and the Bronx (except for a small part of Manhattan that is on the mainland).
Moreover she participated in creating new Civil Code.
The laws were very unpopular in the North.
This lineup recorded four albums; Spreading the Disease, Among The Living, State Of Euphoria and Persistence Of Time.
Eski modellerdeki gibi görünür hava tabanı, yarı saydam kauçuk taban ve dışında görünebilir "Nike Air" logosuna sahip değildi.
The Dowager realizes that Anastasia does not desire fame, but simply love, with the man of her choosing.
Later that year he acted in K. S. Ravikumar's Muthu, which was dubbed into Japanese.
Buffy was killed by the Master.
The winner of the battle royal would not have a first-round match.
By March 1944, Ernst Fick wrote that 600,000 to 700,000 Serbs had been killed.
Her iki şirket de markalarını ve kimliklerini korudu.
Quelle, and means source.
Bulgar- Bizans ilişkilerinde yeni bir dönemi göstermesi amacıyla, Maria'nın ismi İrini ("barış") olarak değiştirildi.
The lake is a alkaline salt lake.
The platypus is sometimes called "duck billed platypus" because of this nose.
He also played in the Austrian Under-18 and Under-19 national team.
他曾任职于起源系统，是《》的首席设计师。
He released his first album, Issa Album, in 2017.
The fourth round is the "Wipeout Zone."
This is where he drew his first important portrait of himself and his father.
Upon completion the promotions in Korea, EXO informed Japanese official debut is planned.
The quokka weighs between convert and convert.
You can not put an item at the back of the kart as a shield against shells, so you will have to quickly move away from them instead.
Aşağıdaki sadece ilk 4 eşleşmeyi yazdım.
This constant conquest and re-conquest is partly due to geography.
They are sometimes called Beddome's caecilian.
支持他國內部民主運動並使用外交手段可能會是更容易成功且成本更低的方式。
She was educated at Adcote School, Shropshire.
Esasen Mac OS 9'a yönelik bir uygulama olan iTunes, 23 Ekim 2001'de 2.0 sürümü ile Mac OS X'i desteklemeye başladı.
Cristian Ribera was the last person named to the team for the 2018 Winter Paralympics.
This meant battleships were already out of date.
They tend to hurt a lot and have several different cures.
People of any age may have Legionnaires' disease.
He currently plays for Pas Hamedan F.C. in the IPL.
In the diary, she could write everything.
至於另外的成分，則都是各家廠商的秘方，無從得知。
The competitions have been held now for 25 years.
、蘑菇形面包沾满罂粟籽，还有军队裡特有的炙叉烤面包卷。
; this is awaiting verification.
If it does, the team is awarded 3 points and at the end all the points add up and the team with the most points is the winner.
The Boston Tea Party was an act of protest against the British for the Tea Act, one of several new attempts to tax colonists.
It was suitable for growing coffee.
In January 2017, he paid $7.7 billion for VCA, Inc, a pet care company.
She also wrote "The Clarinet Teacher's Companion", a book which was used by many clarinet teachers.
是Super Junior成立于2006年11月的第一个官方子团体，
Film received positive reviews from critics, and Wasikowska received Hollywood Film Festival Breakthrough Actress Award for her role.
布里斯班少將反對撤退，堅稱可以在20分鐘內攻下堡壘，但是被普雷沃斯特拒絕。
A total of 557 people were executed in the United States between 1977, when the death penalty was reintroduced after a 10-year break, and 2000.
He started his career in 1973.
）創立，前身為「明輝發展有限公司」。
The company has created many different sizes and designs for the grill since it was first made.
The second album is "I Am the Club Rocker" and it is from 2011 and it has 14 songs and singles: "Sun Is Up", "Club Rocker", "Un Momento" and "Endless".
These graves were found in 2008.
It is called Tchiowa by the Cabindans.
Thus it is similar to Sebastian Grabowiecki's work.
When the colonists were starving, Pocahontas supplied them with food.
參賽車輛（Peugeot 308 Racing Cup）
It makes a very strong and bright beam of light.
Then he assembled the rest of the Israelites, 7,000 in all.
As of December 2010, the largest photovoltaic (PV) power plants in the world are the Sarnia Photovoltaic Power Plant (
Incorporated in the late 1940s and early 1950s, this scheme is known as the Columbia Basin Project.
His poetry career began in 1967 when he wanted to write a poem about the death of his son.
If this score is below 18.5, a person is generally said to be underweight.
The municipality was created on January 1, 1996 by mergxer of the formar municipalities of Alterswilen, Altishausen, Ellighausen, Lippoldswilen, Neuwilen, Siegershausen, Dotnacht and Hugelshofen.
Ultimate Ninja became leader of the LNH.
The horizontal septum separates myotomes into two sections, ventral or dorsal.
That time is called the monsoon.
People made them by mixing ashes with water and fat and boiling them.
Whitlam became Prime Minister in December 1972.
This means that the heart pumps blood, but instead of it pumping through veins and arteries like humans have, the blood washes over the organs, and the organs absorb it on contact.
雖然這些作品亦以「蘿莉塔」見稱，但其重點在於「校服」。
Thirty-seven South Koreans were also killed.
Regular cell enzymes stick the ends together, minus the bit snipped out (
Citizen scientists usually collect information and send it to a team of scientists, who examine and process it.
原雷龍的身長約21公尺 Holtz, Thomas R. Jr.
The process starts when a city wanting to host the games applies to its country's Olympic group.
。 citation 於2014年2月因被黑客盜取比特幣而下線，暫停網上交易。 citation 不久亦申請破產保護。
However, he was not a saint yet because beatification is step 3 out of the 4 steps of becoming a saint in the Catholic Church.
Around 90 people who came directly in contact with him, along with his 59-year-old partner, driver, and guide were quarantined.
This resulted in these bands of roving poor being united into a religious protest movement which transformed this forced wandering into a religious journey.
His statement was completely proven by Pafnuty Chebyshev in 1850.
The film End of Evangelion was released in 1997, acts as a different version of the show's ending.
When placed on the board the pieces would attract a magnet attached to a string under their places on the board.
Bu albümden itibaren Burak Güven gruba katılmıştır.
He grew close to his models, brought them presents, and took them to his studio, restaurants, circuses, or theatres during their time off.
If a nominee won it, they could save themselves.
He was best known for his novels Mine Boy (1946), A Wreath for Udomo (1956), A Night of Their Own (1965), This Island Now (1966) and The View from Coyaba (1985).
The language instinct.
摩爾的《烏托邦》、維夫斯的《論濟貧》，加上孔多塞侯爵的『社會保險』以及湯瑪斯‧潘恩的《耕地正義》，讓這種以公共財源資助且由政府發放最低收入保障的觀念得以合法化，而非完全仰賴教會或有錢人的慈善捐助，被視為基本收入的重要開端。
On March 9, the French troops were disarmed by the Japanese.
至次年春天，東平元帥府和高陽公張甫極力要求下才讓王福回歸，以後史書便失去其蹤影。
But he gave it back, when he went in the witness protection.
This is a cup of heated milk and a small bowl of bittersweet chocolate chips to put in the milk.
这个蛋壳很厚，约550至600公克重。
另外，莫曾參與「民主歌聲獻中華」
That shows the edge of an object in line form, but a silhouette is a solid shape.
The video editing, color grading and dubbing studio has been renamed "Manna Digital Complex" in the digital system within the Bangladesh Film Development Corporation for his outstanding contribution to the Bangladesh film industry.
，其党政一把手由镇海区党政一把手兼任 citation 。
Humans sometimes do this when running very quickly.
He said that a good person will listen to all these things, but will let the mind control the other two.
），蘋果日報，2015年3月23日 ，並同時宣布中止臺中市快捷巴士計畫。
Grup tarihinin ilk stüdyo çift albümü olma özelliği taşıyan albüm aynı zamanda 92:11 dakikalık toplam süresiyle grubun kaydedilmiş en uzun albümüdür.
君還可當第二人稱使用，如詩句：莫愁前路无知己， 天下谁人不识君。
The time of the race can not exceed two hours.
Yaklaşık 2.000 yıl önce Divlit Tepe konisi, önce ince taneli kül ve tüfler püskürtmüş ve suskunluk dönemine geçerek sönmüştür.
The aim of cooling is to transfer heat from the data center (indoor environment) to the outside environment.
'e taşıyan I. Tahmasp ressamlık atölyesinin yeniden açılmasını buyurur ve Mirza Ali hükümdarın en sevdiği ressamlardan biri olmaya devam eder.
In 1826 he married his cousin.
Most of the time, Wingu would paint alongside her friend Eileen.
One of the locks which were used to control water on Romney Marsh.
The Nation's Mantelpiece: A history of the National Gallery.
He was one of the most important jazz bandleaders of his time.
The function of bilateral odor arrival time differences in olfactory orientation of sharks.
And you will find also a big monument dedicated to whom this twon is named by General Paulino Santos born from Camiling, Tarlac, One place you should not miss this tuna fish port located at Brgy.
Typical domestic uses of hot water are for cooking, cleaning and bathing, and space heating.
Before making a map, the government opposed him making it but it was very accurate.
This series is used by teachers and students all over the world.
The line beyond Leongatha is being used as a rail trail for public use.
The CDS reports to the Secretary of State for Defense, and heads the British Armed Forces.
The New York Times Company (November 17, 1956).
Yale was founded in 1701 in a town near New Haven by a group of church ministers.
Mary moved to New Zealand in 1840.
It is shiny but thinner, so it does not last as long.
On Sword Beach, the regular British infantry came ashore with few casualties.
Scribe's exercise tablet with hieratic text, on wood.
Blowback is a system of operation for self-loading firearms that obtains energy from the motion of the cartridge case as it is pushed to the rear by expanding gases created by the ignition of the propellant charge.
His career began in 1946 until his retirement in 1970.
，鳳梨外圍有許多綠色的小卡片，每張卡片上有各組觀眾（兩人一組，進場前已由工作人員給各組編號）
This allows for free movement in battle.
Attempts made to bring together the molecular and fossil evidence have proved controversial.
U.S. authorities claimed that Syrians had no right to become naturalized because they were Asian and did not belong to the white race.
Caps and goals correct as of May 30, 2019, after the match against Ecuador.
The host country's athletes are always the last to enter.
水浸下邳時，自知大勢已去，仍對呂布獻計打算擴戰到底，但被叛變部下捉出城，呂布被曹操縊殺後全軍戰敗，被縛到曹操面前時，曹操一度欲勸他再度為自己效力，但不為所動，曹操接問其是否為劉備效力，他盡數劉備的缺點後斷言拒絕。
Sohee, is a South Korean actress and singer.
其後，在對抗「本體」的時候，與四天王的「可可」、「薩尼」和「澤布拉」一起使用「食慾」，形成出強大的「王食晚餐」，將本體吸收掉，並分成超多塊「肉」給予人間界的人吃。
因為皮皮的關係，顯得個性略微暴力且說話粗魯，但是卻是個正義的熱血男兒。
The Bow Wow Bus takes the dogs on outings.
賈復的馬羸弱，劉秀便以其車駕的左馬賜予他。
This would cause a full election for all members.
Princeton University Press, Princeton N.J. p34: "The stepwise coevolutionary process results in extreme specialization and complex defense mechanisms".
As a senator he is known for the 1930 Smoot–Hawley Tariff Act.
谷超豪、胡和生夫妇在合作当天便解决了杨振宁提出的“洛仑兹规范”的存在性问题。
以下名单不够完整，但已经囊括了较为多产的研究苏菲主义和伊斯兰思想的西方学者：Seyyed Hossein Nasr，William Chittick，Christian Jambet，Ali Amir-Moezzi，Hermann Landolt，Pierre Lory，James Cowan，James Morris和Todd Lawson。
He rode for days with the ambassador but then Wyatt got sick from the journey.
）、侯岐曾（1594年-1646年）。
此时，他们已开始制作雕版印刷品以便增加产量。
Traditionally, two stroke engines were reputed to need more maintenance.
乙女奇蹟以「港日親善偶像」為理念，以貫通香港日本偶像文化為目標而努力。
The main thing a member of the Roman Army needed was athletic ability.
Since then the zoo has grown with new special features and facilites including the $6 million Australian Wildlife Health Centre in 2005.
Once the war had ended, Walker went back home to Oswego, New York.
She has a half sister, Grace Nickels.
，被第11师第33团打退后由大小峰山撤至桃花店以北的五云山、周家拗一线的第二阵地。
Women were first admitted in 1974 and now form a large part of the undergraduate population.
It is at 51° 02 North, 05° 13 East.
After Anna Karenina, Tolstoy concentrated on Christian themes, and his later novels such as The Death of Ivan Ilyich (1886) and What Is to Be Done?
It is in the Aleutians West Census Area.
However, speakers of both can understand each other if they are using everyday speech.
An example of a reckless act is shooting a gun randomly toward an occupied building.
Ann Arbor: Foundation for Research on Human Behavior, 37–52.
Pollen flowing from a pine tree.
This trick, however, may not be effective, depending on the landscape of the problem.
The law defines agency records subject to disclosure.
Over time, Zaatari has grown to be Jordan's fourth-largest settlement.
It has many aspects: for example, Indian nationalism, historical romanticism, and social realism.
He was the prime minister of Iran from 7 August 1977 to 27 August 1978 when he resigned.
新成員Johnny將首次正式出道，
Once a student is placed, it may be very difficult to move up from one track to another.
It is part of the Bourbonnais Creole family.
The player who controls the center can move his/her pieces around freely.
It is called the Royal City.
It also has a very large tide, that can reach convert.
天鵝座56，又名BD+43 3739，HD 198639、SAO 50121、HR 7984，
In 2016, he became the official Regent of Tanah Datar.
Their bodies were thrown into the sea.
The mathematician and computer scientists therefore ask themselves if a certain automaton is minimal.
After not having gone to the Winter Paralympics since 2002, Estonia is sending a team of one person to South Korea.
Till is taken to the gallows (small clarinet), the flutes rattle as he reaches the top.
Note: There are 128 episodes in total.
Some other countries have also this airplane.
Isotrema is usually included here, but might be a valid genus.
有2个或更多列表在这些列表有不同长度的时候遇到需要处理的问题。
Hegel felsefesi Marks'ın özellikle gençlik çalışmalarıyla birlikte önemli olmuştur diyebiliriz.
資料來源於專輯文案：「向來團結的樂團竟因成員抱不同的世界觀而分裂成樂觀與悲觀兩派，由此更衍生了據悉是五月天出道以來『最純情的情歌』和『最黑暗的搖滾』這樣極端的作品。
The Emir also held the honorific title of sheikh.
The second was based on an original story called "The Mystery of Ghost Farm".
Ned Kelly believed that this would bring a large group of police to Beechworth to search for the killers.
Kelime kökünde rüzgar anlamı vardır.
Hilari "Ernest" Raguer i Suñer (11 August 1928 1 October 2020) was a Spanish monk, historian and political activist.
Theater pieces of Noh are classified into 5 groups.
He is probably one of the children of Eutropia the bronze sign speaks of.
The oratorio was written in 1734.
In 2015, about 158,000 people worked for the company, which had a revenue of about 60 biilion euros.
》担任台步指导而出名。 citation Staff report (2007-02-28).
同年5月中旬，國際商專部分學生的家長自發性組成「國際商專家長聯誼會」，乃是全國大專校院中少見的家長會。
It keeps memberships with more than one educational station.
Symantec also recommends disabling the tamper protection component in the 2008 release, dubbed SymProtect.
，現在的富田林市的北部及主要市區成為幕府的直屬領地，
》，該片於2017年3月24日在中國公映 citation 。
他向着朋友离去的方向艰难的移动，却发现了树上朋友们刻下的鼓励。
You can help Wikipedia by fixing it.
He became a fair piano player but not so good that anyone expected him to become a great musician.
乾隆《新鄉縣志·卷第五·表·選舉上》：（崇禎）九年丙子（舉人）……許作梅 ，十三年（1640年）
The office was created on 15 October 1831.
Tyndale also did it without Church permission.
It is the 34th biggest island in the world and Canada's 9th biggest island.
路易十五世為此以6千鎊(相當於2007年50萬鎊)懸賞，並派出56位精兵，以及前後總數共2萬名男丁至當地追捕。
Its base is about convert wide.
Fraser, Antonia, Love and Louis XIV, Anchor Books, 2006, p. 140. Philippe turned to his lovers, and Elisabeth Charlotte to her writing.
The two producers told Abraham that everyone in Hollywood had an "ego problem".
'ta gerçekleşir ve MacLeod, ödülün en eski düşmanı olan cani Kurgan (Clancy Brown) tarafından kazanılmadığından emin olmalıdır.
Ertesi gece Raw programında Rollins, The Fiend'in saldırısı dolayısıyla ona karşı Hell in a Cell maçında kemerini savunacağını söyledi.
This went on to inspire Mary Wollstonecraft, whose book A Vindication of the Rights of Women was published in 1792.
So this group paid back some of the money and in 2002, the club moved to Milton Keynes.
In early 2004, Linkin Park started a tour around the world called Meteora World Tour.
He was hired the Braves during the 2016 season.
Scientists are finding new ways to find out where a tree came from.
" bölümünde bahsedilmişti ve Kalıntılar, Doktor'un Çocuk hakkındaki bilgisiyle alay etmişti.
The song was released on June 11, 2008 as a digital download and on July 1, 2008 on the U.S. radio.
新谷薰（1951年4月26日 － ），
The name Fran was later retired and replaced by Fay for the 2002 Atlantic season.
It includes the towns of Caloundra, Mooloolaba, Beerwah, Maleny, Woodford and Kilcoy.
The worst circadian rhythm sleep disorder in people who can see is Non-24-hour sleep-wake disorder (Non-24); their "daily" rhythm lasts 25 hours or more so they sleep and wake up one or more hours later each day.
It is attached to tubes that are taped to the person's arm.
Conrad, secretly resentful that he lost out on the dam-building contract to Bob, plots to undermine his rival’s reputation and sabotages the dam.
On 21 February, her second gold medal followed in the mass start.
By the age of 18 he had become a master of the most important works of science in his time.
There are 59 known stellar systems within 20 light years from the Sun, containing 81 visible stars.
Salk was born on October 28, 1914 in New York City to a Jewish-Irish family.
Her family had journalists before.
They discovered two new things Fermi did not observe.
The Apocrypha are religious texts that are in some versions of the Catholic Bible.
A ring of dark matter has been suggested to explain this.
Another curiosity that we can talk about this Album is that José Rafael Cordero Sánchez dedicated this album to the President of Venezuela Nicolás Maduro Moros.
、匹茲堡鋼人和之後的巴爾的摩烏鴉加入了美國美式足球聯會。
The university sports teams are called the Flames.
She was the oldest daughter of Saddam's uncle, Khairallah Talfah.
Turonek was the author of monograph Białoruś pod okupacją niemiecką (Belarus under the German occupation) published in 1993 by Książka i Wiedza.
Trinquet believes the painting was intended as a satire for a Huguenot patron.
Bring Your Kids To Work Day!
's main monetary unit.
The discovery of human remains included skulls which appeared to be 'pre-sapiens', that is, earlier than modern man.
Atletico won 3-0. citation Barcelona offered him a contract in June 2018, but he declined the offer and stayed at Atletico for one more year.
It also serves as a route for bicycle commuters.
After the series ended, they broke up.
Nigger is a word which refers to black people.
He took classes in Commercial Art and later took Life Drawing classes in community college.
They cannot tell us if a theory is true.
Their prey are monkeys and birds.
Both male and female scimitar horned oryx have long curved horns.
Graupel often falls in wintry mixes, and usually falls apart during contact.
Bunlar katı yiyecekleri sıvı hale dönüştürebilmek için kendileriyle ortak yaşayan bakterilere muhtaçtır.
He wasn't interested in expanding his territory instead wanted to settle problems in his present empire.
On 16th October Fusilier Kinne was tried by a Chinese military court for escape and for being a reactionary and hostile to the Chinese, and was sentenced to twelve months' solitary confinement.
This is much bigger than a prison farm.
邦高等法院還是邦地方法院裁判的上訴法院，邦地方法院一審的案件，由邦高等法院終審。
By the next year, however, the raiders broke up as a group.
'ın 31 Ağustos 2017 tarihinde çıkardığı tekli şarkısı.
In the individual constituencies, the candidate who gets the most votes from people, wins the race to be elected to a seat in parliament.
By 1796, convert had been cleared of trees and crops planted.
Herakleitos, tanrılarda, insanlarda yok olsun o kavga diyen ozanı kınıyor.
It took years to be discovered as the joke it was.
Full scan is useful in determining unknown compounds in a sample.
He was replaced by John "Valentine" Carruthers.
's Royale as the most legendary ultra-luxury cars of the era.
During this journey, the player fights an villainous team, Team Rocket, who is coming back after being defeated by the player of Pokémon Red and Blue.
Accordingly, tropical depressions are not included here.
The club offers lessons and the use of seven small planes to its members.
不過以考古學的研究態度來說，学者們这样的态度是合理而負責的要求，符合学术规范。
Frieza is always trying to get more power.
On dördüncü asırda Alaeddin Eretna İlhanlıların Anadolu genel vâlisi olarak Kayseri’ye geldi.
They are large powerful fish with very sharp teeth.
Seyß-Inquart became Reichsstatthalter or Governor of the so-called Ostmark.
根據「Tummal刻文」 The Tummal Inscription, an expanded king-list, was one of the standard Old Babylonian copy-texts; it exists in numerous examples, from Ur and Nippur.
Running time for the movie is 88 minutes.
She was married to Gunnar Lagergren from 1943 until his death in 2008.
The Greatest of All Time, claiming the $1,000,000 first place prize.
It crossed to the east coast where it damaged houses, caused flooding and interfered with shipping.
Ewes can raise two lamb crops per year.
该片由阿根廷和西班牙的公司联合出品，Ricardo Darín和Soledad Villamil主演。
The song was released on 1 July 2002.
Koffka left Frankfurt in 1912 to take a position at the University of Giessen, where he worked for over eleven years.
Shredder, also a ChessBase product, is claimed to be the strongest engine at present.
It was launched in 2010.
In 2006 there were 289 people living in Nundle.
）学习如何阅读，其余时间则从事体力劳动。
These work when a predator detects a prey, or when a prey notices a predator.
He was a member of the legislature from 1983 to 1997.
Despite this, Kubica remained with an outside chance of taking the drivers championship until the Chinese Grand Prix, the 17th round out of 18.
The Tiananmen Papers. p. 287. 。5月26日，政府在报纸上刊登紧急呼吁，要求学生重返课堂 Forster, Keith.
She played for Mladost Zagreb and Igtisadchi Baku.
The new Shanghai Library, which covers an area of some 80,000 square meters, has a collection of 13 million books and is considered one of the top ten libraries in China.
Joysticks are often used to control video games, and usually have one or more push-buttons whose state can also be read by the computer.
因油缸受損而導致逾2萬噸柴油流入河流，
对荣耀的执着激励着他们，名誉为他们的善行加冕，历史记录了这伟大的战役，哥伦比亚的子孙崇敬他们，而他们守护的贸易成功为他们的逝去而哀悼。
Hamilton was running in second place when Vettel and Webber collided with each other on Lap 40. That moved Hamilton into first place.
At first, an artist named Lars can calm her down, but he cannot make the perfect spot painting, so she locks him up and returns to her old ways.
The Royal Bengal Tigers have developed a unique characteristic of swimming in the saline waters.
It makes up 67% the mass of the Earth.
The archbishops of Canterbury were Roman Catholics until the midst of the 16th century, afterwards they were/are Anglicans.
If we don’t get some money within 10 days, then the other ear will arrive.
The pursuing American army included the Marquis de Lafayette, who was under orders from Washington to summarily hang Arnold if he was captured.
His mother was a lady of lower rank.
It sometimes makes a sound like ks (for example: exit, next, fox), or if it is at the beginning of a word, it makes a sound like zzz (for example: xylophone).
貝登堡和伯納姆都認為，由於非洲地區的情勢變化，是英國陸軍必須要適應的部分；因此在聯合偵察任務的同時，他們開始討論適合年輕人的廣泛森林知識訓練計畫，包含了探險、追蹤、原野技能以及自我生存等 citation 。
He is sometimes called Jim Caviezel.
Pressure-reducing stations that supply the local networks then reduce the gas pressure.
Madame Nhu, first lady of South Vietnam, popularized a collarless version beginning in 1958.
The Panama mourning dove has shorter wings and legs, a longer beak, and is grayer in color.
The Commission reached Lahore on 30 October 1928.
可使用選單列開啟新的widget，只需點選或拖曳widget的圖示至畫面上即可。
Coat of arms of the Danish royal family, 1972-
Undirected graphs don't have a direction, like a mutual friendship.
He was known for first using the phrase "too close to call".
Tennessee seceded from the Union along with 10 other southern states, in 1861.
He was 76 years old when he died.
Australian Paralympian Michael Milton at the 1988 Innsbruck Winter Games.
MCM mağzası da burada yer almaktadır.
Link can travel to Hyrule's dark counterpart, Lorule.
首次作戰是同月28日，14架B-
One kind of defence is to eat food which is distasteful to birds.
Flying insects were abundant in the Mesozoic, and many pterosaur species give clear signs that this was their food.
十二月望，日又食”，“三年十月丁酉晦，日有食之”的记录；《史记·孝景本纪》有“七年十二月晦，日有食之”，“中三年……九月戊戌晦，日食”的记录。
He will be playing Ty Parker in the upcoming movie Elle: A Modern Cinderella Tale.
She first appeared as a playable character in the first game released in 1996.
Slater's finishing move is the Smash Hit which is a spinning lifting DDT.
Taal Volcano is an island in Taal Lake.
On May 24, 2011, ABC announced that it had reached a deal with broadcast syndication production company Litton Entertainment to produce original content for the Saturday morning block.
It was the idea of Joe Sink, Jr., who worked for Lexington's newspaper, The Dispatch.
There are also two E/W roads, a main road, 23rd St. and a minor road, East 22nd St.
Tens of thousands of colonists entered Morocco.
一年后，《当代的我们》杂志出版了他最著名的短篇小说集之一《鱼王》。
Vikram Sachora began his pioneering venture when he was 17 years of age.
Rankings are based on radio play and sales; the tracking week for sales is each Monday to Sunday, while for radio play it is Wednesday to Tuesday.
Modern movie cartoons are sometimes created using computer graphics, rather than hand-drawn cartoons.
自鸣鐘外壳是仿中国式楼阁型的木柜，高5.
This is how the Boston Tea Party started.
Zurich High School was consolidated to Palco High School in 1955.
She is best known as the first Asian-American woman elected to the US Senate.
In the 1940s, the importance of early excision and skin grafting was acknowledged, and around the same time, fluid resuscitation and formulas to guide it were developed.
Gerry Marsden was born on September 24, 1942, in Liverpool, England.
Songs on the album include "Breathe Again", "I Belong to You" and "You Mean the World to Me".
在返回美国前，李大明表示自己不愿参加政府任何部门，且将乘机飞香港转赴美国，待返回美国后，仍将以中国民主宪政党的名义活动。
It replaces the fourth generation iPod Touch.
For the newspaper serialization (published in parts) of her novel, Stowe was paid only $400. citation Uncle Tom's Cabin was published in book form on March 20, 1852, by John P. Jewett with an initial print run of 5,000 copies.
An item is a leaf if it has no children.
It is the most northern parish of the country.
They communicate with facial expressions and sounds.
La Estacion Historic Area (The Old Train Station Complex) contains the Old Train Station and Railway Museum historic complex, which at some point in 1884 formed the largest rail hub and warehouses in all Latin America.
Additionally it is the second largest bone in the body as its supports a significantly large portion of the human bodyweight.
He leased her to others for exhibition for the rest of her life.
In 2007, 9852 people lived there.
Japanese-American Wataru Misaka broke the NBA color barrier in 1947–48.
This is where right-handed batters usually hit ground balls.
Based in Soele, South Korea and is part of The Burning Sun Nightclub famous for its Big Scandals, corruption, fraud, pimping, drugs and other criminal activities.
The Science Box modern science series toured venues in the UK and Europe in the 1990s and from 1995 The Science of Sport appeared in various venues, in different ways, around the world.
During its first year of existence team rider Dariusc Kajzer brought the team its first success in the National Road Race Championships in Germany.
The Thomma Parvam also narrates the conversion of Jews, natives, and the local King at Kodungallur by St Thomas.
Tabdeeli (change) is also a political slogan of Imran Khan, her former husband.
在1937年至1941年期间，
This was the true beginning of computer games that could be played at home.
Four million copies of the book was sold in the United States.
Arendt was also active as a journalist and a university professor.
“Caucus”稱呼其議會黨團，其他黨的議會黨團稱爲“Parliamentary Group”（保守派聯盟實際上亦設有議會黨團會議）。
The word "robosexuality" comes from combining the words "
Many people did not have jobs and were hungry.
It was made again in 1991.
Bentley resigned on April 10, 2017.
张宏杰：《靠当主考官发财的曾国藩》 《随园诗话》说：“穷翰林，任试差，
，选举组成北野营党的临时委员会，
Both planes experienced uncontrolled decompression when the cargo door latches failed.
A playback head can then pick up the changes in magnetic field from the tape and convert it into an electrical signal.
He felt that buildings should fit and represent those who lived inside them.
For us as humans, a normal rabbit does not speak, nor does it act or speak like a human.
It is long established as an entertainment district.
The director of the play will then be able to decide whether he is good enough, or whether he might be better in another role.
Glitter and other appliqués can be stuck on near the eye.
老挝人民革命党十大规划党和国家未来发展.
No. 87 Squadron Dolphin flown by Cecil Montgomery-Moore.
"Prelim" value is the sum of two marks for compulsory and optional routine in the team competition on the respective apparatus, divided by two.
At first there were 3 members, Suzie Zeldin, Jesse Gabriel and Charilie Seich.
Many argue the higher sound quality of vinyl compared to newer formats.
他的儿子亨利继位为多塞特第三侯爵，并娶了萨福克公爵之女弗朗西斯。
His personal architecture made him one of the world’s most popular architects.
Shariff died on 27 April 2020, aged 99.
Kör Hüseyin Paşa başta olmak üzere Barzan'a sığınmak isteyen birçok Kürt liderine destekte bulundu.
This meant that lower class workers always only ever saw a fragment of their actual paycheck.
片名《等风来》来自小说中几个人滑翔时教练的一句话：“不管你有多着急，或者你有多害怕，我们现在都不能往前冲，冲出去也没用，飞不起来的。
It is one of the important rivers of central Italy.
At the end of every NBA regular season, the NBA Playoffs begin.
On goaltending: Fundamentals of hockey netminding by the master of the game.
Thus, they all have a closest and a farthest point from the sun: a perihelion and an aphelion.
武松伺候斷臂之林沖及魯智深，魯智深坐化圓寂，林及武二人病逝，最後之故事皆發生於杭州。
For this reason, the owners of the plant started to cut the costs.
Nearly 60% of Pakistan's population lives in the Punjab.
Saldam akarsuyunun sağ kolu Balıktıg-Hem veya Balıktıg akarsu, Kaa-Hem (Küçük Yenisey akarsuyu) gölün su kaynaklarıdır.
Otter Henderson, will be there with him.
He then joined the Motherland Party (ANAP).
Churches agreed with Nazi ideas.
牙齒長度介於6公厘到40公厘。
In the mid-1980s, VCRs became a very popular way for people to watch movies and other recorded programs on their home television.
The term is only used when the person is working professionally (earning money or make a living).
This was due to research by Norwegian-American scholars such as Knut Gjerset and Ludvig Hektoen.
，並不屬於恐怖主義罪行，因此裁定五人無罪獲釋。
Western Turkey and Southern Turkey, especially coastal cities are more liberal and secular.
While there he served as chairman of the Conservative Party of the Yale Political Union.
，已於2016年5月開幕 citation citation 。
If the species is not known, the person should be given medicine and care like they have falciparum malaria the worst kind.
The next day, Blas weakened to a tropical depression and died the following day, June 21. Tropical Storm Blas remained far enough from land to cause no affects.
Robinson was shocked: "Are you looking for a Negro who is afraid to fight back?"
Another was to weigh anchor.
Some lawsuits said that states should not allow more time to collect ballots in the mail, and some said that voters should not be allowed to put ballots in drop boxes.
但針對父親及手足的研究有其限制，因此此領域大部份的研究仍針對母親與兒童的關係。
In a letter dated June 29, 1801, Beethoven told a friend in Bonn about a terrible secret he had for some time.
Reada was a Saxon leader in the area with his tribe in the 6th century.
Before the government fired him, Gabriel had made a system; when there was a computer attack, all financial data would be downloaded into the computers there.
In 1992, Malleswari was the first Indian woman to win a world title in any sport.
She is best known for playing Sarah in Easy Virtue.
In 1848, Jules Verne, on a visit home, fell in love, but the girl's parents did not want her to marry him.
The definition above is very broad.
Production for Blige's first album, Whats the 411?, began in 1991.
He showed this when composing his String Quartet no 2: the first violin plays a very long high note for a long time in the last movement, showing the audience what he had to suffer.
In 1940, Nazi leaders took away all of Streicher's jobs and power in the Nazi Party.
，考古证据显示当时在沿海地区已经出现简单的半定居式聚落和半地穴式房屋 citation 。
A quick "good/bad" can suffice in some situations.
庚辰奉母归，寻值内艰，服阕，出擢右谕德，进讲经筵，说蓼莪之章，敷扬剀切，上为心动。
Much like the rest of Minecraft, players can choose what they want to do.
The Brant News is published weekly in Brantford.
In the Bankroll round, only one family member from each team went to the podium.
河流共计19753条，累计总长度为66.65千米。
Burns went on by saying "I knew I wasn't going to be doing children's television all my life, mostly because I refused to lose my hair on a kid's TV show, and it was happening, fast".
During the 1950s two airlines served Iceland.
Of course, he cannot sniff it, and gets very cross.
İnka hükümdarlarının bu kökeni doğruladıkları görülmektedir.
Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold.
The design is commonly written in human readable computer files called a hardware description language (HDL).
In general, acar – pickle made from vinegar preserved cucumber, carrot, shallots, and small chilli pepper – and krupuk – deep fried prawn crackers – are provided as side dishs.
He was the number two swimmer in the 100 meter backstroke race.
In 2006, 84,437 people lived in Norwalk, making it the third largest city in Fairfield County and the sixth largest city in Connecticut.
Bu, SALT I görüşmelerinin bir devamı olmuştur ve iki ülke temsilcileri tarafından yürütülmüştür.
The online multiplayer has many different game types such as 4 vs 4, 2 vs 2, 8 vs 8 and a lot more.
His brother told their mother that Alex was better at attacking and Del Piero switched position.
A common way that these are shown in a single scene is with one woman and two men performing together.
As import laws and animal control were so relaxed in the early part of the nineteenth century, an escape from one of these itinerant shows is easy to imagine.
After 1891, Rijke was an official of the Home Ministry.
The agreement expired on December 31, 1985 and was not renewed.
》中聲演高奇・古魯加 / 刑事先鋒。
法國海軍在1938年5月31日將伏爾泰號當作永久靶艦，並在main將其鑿沉，艦體殘骸於1949年12月售出，於1950年3月時拆解。
The Oxford English Dictionary says that the first recorded use of this term is in 1718, in a book by Francis Hutchinson.
，抗戰勝利後游泳池被上海市政府接管。1951年，虹口體育場建成後，游泳池劃歸體育場管理。1985年起不再受體育場管轄 citation 。
Drawing showing the sexual abuse of children, from 1909.
The two poor kids scaped and lived happily ever after.
這種音樂通常由各種樂器混合，並強調容易記憶的旋律，從第三張專輯開始，確立「SJ Funky」的曲風。
There might be another disease.
When he married Pamela in 1956, citation he adopted her son, Michael, whom he raised as his own after her death.
Ley thought Brook and a barman called John McMain Mudie were lovers.
The third generation of the S60 will have the hybrid powertrain and will be one of five new electric models launched in 2019 with the second generation of the V60 and a fully electric sports coupe.
Only that the killer does not want to kill his prey too soon as he starts playing with him/her in a kind of gloomy game of cat and mouse.
The researchers supposed that the loss of sight freed more of the nervous system to process other sensory inputs.
When someone borrows a stock, they have to pay OCC some money every day.
The word negligence is sometimes used outside the law in a similar way.
Kötü çalışan iklimlendirme sistemleri, eğer çok uzun süre maruz kalınırsa, işitme kaybına neden olabilecek seviyelerde sesler üretirler.
刘伟成於中學時期已進行詩歌創作，曾於90年代建立呼吸詩社出版其詩集。
In a structural diagram or formula, the letters R or X are used to represent a substituent group.
拟合模型时，增加参数可提高似然，
Most Native American flutes have either five finger holes or six finger holes.
The village is located within the Town of Spring Green.
On 20 October 2010, Ocean was presented with the Lifetime Achievement Award at the MOBO Awards.
The music video features Lopez dancing with masked dancers, including her then-boyfriend, Casper Smart.
两个 Cl· 或 R· 自由基也有可能结合，生成 Cl 2 或 R-R，使自由基链反应终止。
In 1998, the club won J.League Cup and he was selected "New Hero awards".
費馬最後定理指出，對大於2的正整數n，
'na katılma grubu olan "Elit Grup"ta oynanan 3 maçta da forma giydi.
More than 20 have died this way, and their total numbers cannot be large.
She also supports education.
He is a member of the Furious Five.
因為看到自己的朋友只是想找他玩玩具車，而不是真心想跟他當朋友，感覺被背叛，從此不肯相信他人。
Any natives that lived in that area had to work for that Spanish settler.
In 1969, she was in the pilot episode and first series of The Liver Birds.
The Saponi also had European features.
Her father’s name was Lemuel Powers.
Şarkının sözü ve müziği Onur Mete'ye aittir.
After an introduction the pianos introduce a march theme.
Some hope lies with the conservation and management programs in place as of 2004.
Gladys gave birth to their son, James III (1962–1999).
The rise of amphibians: 360 million years of evolution.
In his letter Lambert stated he had given up all further operations against New Orleans.
's opposition to the production cuts that Saddam had requested.
Later he passed the bar and moved to California in 1849.
該年3月11日又任命何成濬等為中央编遣区办事处委員。
Güvenlik ve askeri konulardaki sansür İsrail Askeri Sansürünün sorumluluğundadır.
Hcupプルプルおっパブ嬢（11月7日）
It was merged with London Guildhall University to form London Metropolitan University.
The A307, A308 and A2043 roads pass through Kingston.
Park enjoys cooking, reading, and watching movies and sports in her free time.
One can only get to Iquitos by boat, or by airplane.
They have a simple "
Sometimes it might also mean architecture outside of China but built in the same style.
This enforces a simple computer security model whereby there are two levels of multilevel security (user and sandbox) and the sandbox can only respond to communication requests initiated by the user.
In January 2020, Manchester United signed him for an initial fee of €55 million (£47 million).
He discovered the cyclin molecule.
淡滨尼美廉初级学院（Tampines Meridian Junior College）是区内唯一一所初级学院。
He debuted in June 1994 and played several matches in 1994 season.
John Turner signed the Mayflower Compact.
He also serves as chief executive officer of the Waterville Valley Ski Resort in Waterville Valley, New Hampshire.
About 803 Allied troops did not return.
These trains include The Flying Scotsman, The Mallard, and The Sir Nigel Gresley.
So there are differences in BMR even when comparing two subjects with the same lean body mass.
The team with home-ice advantage hosts games 1, 2, 5 and 7, while the opponent hosts games 3, 4 and 6 (games 5–7 are played "if needed").
Fry wants to get a new job, though in the end he is forced to be a delivery boy.
He took up acting first as a hobby, then professionally.
事後，克勞德在教堂門口看見札克斯和艾莉絲的幻影，艾莉絲轉身告訴克勞德「已經沒事了」，克勞德目送札克斯和艾莉絲的幻影走進並消失在背景的白光中，克劳德最终明白，他并不孤独。
Older men have it more because of they have more hair and it is thicker.
Because of this, he took the boat-cloak with him while on naval service.
並編著《荷蘭統治下的福爾摩沙》、《廈門音新字典》等書；巴克禮牧師於1875年來臺，
She started singing in local bars in 1980.
SenseLab, nöronların ve sinir sistemlerinin entegre, çok disiplinli modellerini oluşturmak için uzun vadeli bir çabadır.
、五行旗等明教高层为了争夺明教的控制权相互争斗，殷天正无法忍受这种混乱的状况，又不想搅进这一潭混水之中，于是愤而出教，自立教门“天鹰教”，与明教分庭抗礼，其豪气干云之势，令人思之神往。
Print. In 1825, he continued studies at Harvard Divinity School to be a minister.
A wharf was created on the west bank, close to the railway and warehouses.
The abdomen holds the exopods of uropods and is attached to some crustaceans' abdomens.
She wakes up in her bed.
They can change it, vote for it, or vote against it.
同時，207系（2000番台）24輛（3卡編成4抽、4卡編成3抽）車投入服務。
The bar and ribbon are the same so that a person with the award can be recognized easily.
They do not require energy from the sun to survive, because they use chemicals from deep inside the Earth.
He accepted Islam before the Second pledge at al-Aqabah.
He was in more than sixty movies.
Most of the mountains are above 6100 metres (20000ft) are near the west of the occupied territory, like Mt Kanchendzonga.
An adstatrum is two languages changing each other at the same time.
第二种方法是化学的：在一条纳米线掺不同的杂质。
The silver band on a resistor represents a positive or negative 10% tolerance.
公司前身为成立于1999年7月8日的广州广电运通金融电子有限公司，2005年10月变更为现公司。
The nearest village is Hattuvaara.
" of Corsica) and was quickly closed.
，其領土為一間面積約40平方米的房屋和房屋門口的一塊面積約5平方米的公攤。
Orijinal versiyonu yuvarlak farlar ve hiçbir ızgarası vardır; Bir facelift sonra ikinci nesil Bongo / E-serisi dikdörtgen farlar ve daha geleneksel bir ızgara vardı.
The goal helped his team win bronze.
The district has an area of convert, which makes it by area rank 4 of the districts of Tyrol.
从生物学的角度讲，个体对于客观存在的认知或判别取决于他所接收的刺激，假设缸中脑生成一系列“测试用”反应用于检测自身的认知，同时“系统”又能及时给予相应的刺激作为回应，此时问题的癥結就不在于缸中脑对于世界的认知，而在于“观察者”自身对于世界的认知。
About a hundred years later, the King of Adal was deposed by an influential warlord by the name of Ahmad ibn Ibrahim al-Ghazi, who had lots of influence with Somali clans across the north.
North Dakota has the only bank in the United States that is owned by the state.
Shannon Harris, "Miss Universe Barbados" unvanına sahip olmuştur.
Veritas is the amethyst dragon who is very truthful.
Many of the styles were not like classical architecture.
该市镇总面积12.43平方公里，2009年时的人口为363人。
Sierra Morena silsilesinde kömür, kursu ve çinko yatakları bulunmaktadır.
; 10 July 1975 – 21 August 2018) citation was an Icelandic actor and singer.
原始的早期铁器时代似乎至少早在公元前1200年已经在南印度建立了，如果不是更早的话。
Alanı 40,40 km² olan Reading kenti ve Wokingham ve Batı Berkshire'ı bir kısmını da kapsayan "Reading Beldesi Yerel İdaresi" nüfusu 2001 Nüfus Sayımına göre 143.096 ve 2006 tahminine 145.700 kişidir.
比赛分为两大组，每组各6支球队，採用主客场双循环制。
Currently it airs some early and late Nick Jr. shows.
The flexible fantasy framework of the show accommodates a considerable range of styles, including an original musical episode, The Bitter Suite.
Albüm daha sonrasında mahkeme kararıyla toplatılmıştır.
路振飛三子路澤濃年方十七，隨父親謁見隆武帝，隆武帝賜其名為太平，
Attack abatement: a model for group protection by combined avoidance and dilution.
A mixture of a fuel and an oxidant has a chemical potential energy, which is another form of electric potential energy.
The two largest islands in Mälaren are Selaön (91 km²) and Svartsjölandet (79 km²).
The first god, Re-Atum, came from the water.
而離富士山越近的地方就越能得到強力的護佑，反之如果是在不同次元的魔界中將會難以得到護佑，只能發揮一半左右的力量。
Jerry, Nibbles'ı cezalandırmak için onu evin köşesine götürür, fakat Jerry gitmeden Nibbles kuralı çiğneyerek battaniyesinin altından bir tane daha çıkarır.
The album was the first to feature drummer Scott Travis who replaced Dave Holland.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of 420 square miles (1,100 km 2 ), of which 416 square miles (1,080 km 2 ) is land and 3.7 square miles (9.6 km 2 ) (0.9%) is water.
The MacDonnell Shire Council is divided into four wards.
Human beings hunted them so that now they have to live close together in mountains.
Once a country name or territory name appears in either of these two sources, it will be added to ISO 3166-1 by default.
These stories became known as the Satanic panic.
In order to reduce ocean pollution, tighter regulations should be placed on industries and sewage to ensure that the wastes of the industries are treated before being let into the rivers.
If the government cannot do this, people who are not citizens should be made to leave Germany.
He has shown with the Richard Feigen Gallery (1967-1972), citation the Mitchell Algus Gallery, citation and Hachmeister Gallery.
此外，偶像的市场也在饭岛三智的开拓下得到极大的扩展，这也导致整个娱乐圈对偶像的定位发生了变化。
The purpose of the agency was to encourage development and to maintain control over the development of atomic sciences and technology during peacetime.
Three operas are based on the play.
Even though some consider it to have been originated by a Pakistani, the dish is unknown in most Pakistan.
英國政府刪減了相關的科學研究經費，愛丁堡大學的研究計畫受挫，喬·阿姆斯特朗也無法保持他的工作。
He was find by a young Waterbender named Katara who later becomes his love interest.
The collapse of the bridge left people living on the east bank of the Derwent with a 50km drive to get into the city.
、张羽分别买进了ST黑龙280.
Eighteen players returned this season from earlier seasons.
The SNES Mouse is a mouse controller for the SNES.
The Smurflings are Sassette, Snappy, Slouchy, and Nat. Sassette and Nat do not dress like the other Smurfs at all, while Slouchy and Nat do dress like the others.
In 2019, the greatest generation graduated.
He returned alone to Leipzig to work at his publishing.
It was edited by Eduard Heinrich von Kausler.
It breaks down when heated.
The first recorded use of beige as a color name in English was in 1887.
艾森伯格曾在2006至2010年担任哈密尔顿市长，并在2014年开始了他的第二个任期。2014年之前，他也曾担任哈密尔顿港务局主席 citation 。
Khariboli is pre-Urdu literary language, and a Western Hindi dialect.
Children under 7 or 8 were different than other people and treated as children.
Uchiwa is used to fan cooking and to keep cool.
This is the first major overhaul of the Hot 100's chart formula since December 1998.
's The Eye of the Storm (2011).
懷茲魯 Wiseru（ワイズルー） （
During that period, there were five military governors: William Duval (
It was Prince Bořivoj who established Prague Castle.
In 1978 he founded Nicholson Enterprises, Inc., a developer of planned residential communities, and in 1987 he bought Renaissance Homes, a custom-house builder.
By 1994, more than 100,000 people came each year, and they had to cook 11,000 pounds of meat.
It was further improved by Wu Ruk.
最后，我们将求出 的值以获得最终结果。
Eric Pleskow (April 24, 1924 – October 1, 2019) was an Austrian-born American movie producer.
The duke awarded him an important honour.
It is part of evolutionary theory that all processes take place at the level of populations.
It affected people who did not have white (or European) people to look after them.
Charlie writes about an awkward situation.
Every year, three people can be elected.
He was not convicted of any hate crime.
Before the war, he worked as an assistant to a vicar, and then went to France to teach English to the children of a French family.
There was a Polish-Lithuanian War and for several days limited fights were fought for the control over Suwałki, Sejny and other towns in that area.
While in prison he draw around two thousand drawings with wax or pencil, and define another specific stage of production.
Some refer to him as 'The Prince of R&B'.
Lenihan claimed that "on mature recollection" he had not pressured the President and had been confused in his interview with the student.
A history of western Music, New York: W.W. Norton.
However, their main goal was to kill all of the Serbian people in the ISC. citation Also in: Genocide and Fascism; The Eliminationist Drive in Fascist Europe by Aristotle Kallis, Routledge, New York, NY 2009, pages 236-244.
It was distributed by Cine Visión.
，陳以1,847票多於張的1,200票而連任。
Click a letter to find places in New York starting with that letter.
Unlike the term intergovernmental organization, "non-governmental organization" is a term in general use but is not a legal definition.
By 1994, Harvard University hired a professor to teach behavioral economics as its own subject.
He served as a Florida state senator from 1967 through 1971.
在1901年馬頓迴轉設施啟用，連接塔爾博特廣場與中央車站，途經教堂街、德文希爾廣場、白門道、滑鐵盧路與中央道，同時新的車廠於馬頓的白門道建成。
'ı kurdular, Madonna burada şarkı söyledi ve davul ile gitar çaldı.
Downtown Line station was opened on 27 December 2015, reducing the need to take bus services 171 and 700/700A.
Some say she stayed briefly at Seagate Castle.
But usually the difference is small.
He lived there with his family until 1925.
，但他在1837年9月2日未能成功演示。
Tertiary dentine is only made when the tooth is damaged.
自1995年以来，每年秋季的歌剧日约有10场表演在瓦克工厂举行。
Hwanung went to the Sindansu in Mount Taebaek, with his 3,000 followers.
装置艺术对于确定当代艺术博物馆的空间非常重要，它需要能够容纳由大量制成品和main组成的大型作品。
Almost all CPUs have at least a data bus - used to read and write data - and an address bus - used to output addresses.
Why Don't You Get a Job?
Mezun olmadan okulu bıraktı ama gittiği bir yetişkin eğitim kursu ile diploma kazandı.
Annie Up is the second studio album by Pistol Annies.
灵帝时，开鸿都门榜卖官爵，公卿州郡下至黄绶各有差。
中文名“城际2型柴油动车组”和丹麦文名称“IC2”中的中文“城际”和丹麦文“IC”表示用于城际列车，“2”表示两节编组。
The uppers are usually made of smooth black leather that is easy to shine.
If the game count gets to 6–6, a "tiebreaker" is played.
，并出版了两部《显花植物分属》。
These eyes are fairly simple structures, capable of distinguishing between light and dark.
But it ended with Yoshikage fatally wounded by the Rock People with Josefumi attempting to save him with last of the Locacaca Fruit they stole before the two were buried alive by the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami.
These were the first two songs anyone heard from the new album.
分位圖（Q–Q plot）又稱QQ圖，
PROSOCO was created in 1937.
She was popular in the 1980s and 1990s.
At first they made profits of 50% or more.
Also, soap and detergents work less well in hard water.
The Program also includes English Teaching Assistants.
He gave many very famous concerts during this time.
In a racing car, the engine can be made much lighter.
He said, "as captain he helped transform Motherwell this season.
Many NHL teams with a captain select more than two alternate captains and change who wears the "A" for different games during the season.
When the tornado left, he was outside.
A home directory is used to store personal files of the respective user, including written document and settings for programs.
严格定义，学术界将阅读分作七个有机部分 : 4 ：
Many famous people were on the show.
The film, which was directed by Ola Solum, shows the white icebergs and mountain ranges.
His lost notebook was returned many years later, in 2004.
TTL和長度(length)被置於48位元的地址域前讓硬體優先讀取以減少延遲。
，信徒被迫更改信仰以及被流放到外國。
This is the golden era in the club history and he was one of the central player under manager Nishino.
It is more common in males who have poor hygene or are uncircumcised.
The track can be predicted many years before it happens.
The name appears in the Shoku Nihongi.
He is one of only three coaches in school history to direct teams to four consecutive conference championships.
He won an Academy Award for Best Directing in 1939.
He hires two swindlers who promise him the finest suit of clothes.
This frog waits for wet weather before it lays eggs.
This corrosion takes the metal and puts it in the chemical compound, leaving the copper behind.
Ticklebug: A type of Hand Puppet; a person uses their fingers as body parts to look like their hand is an animal.
The NL does not use the Designated Hitter, and all players on the team must bat and field for themselves.
", in their separate houses.
It holds true for any point on the surface, i.e. for any and all combinations of P and V values.
's greatest players.
Borneo Adasının Endonezya’ya âit kısmı olan Kalimantan bölgesindeki en önemli akarsuları ise, Kayan, Mahakam, Barito ve Kapuas ırmaklarıdır.
Different parts may often be stored in separate files, similar to object modules, but dynamically loaded during execution.
Most government matters are controlled by the Faroese government, except for military defense.
Greenpeace has estimated that decontamination would only cost around 30 million USD.
The Trail bridge which crosses the Columbia River.
Based on the television series, the game is set in both Dexter's house and laboratory.
The last radio signal from the lander was on March 1, 1982.
习“坐部伎”不成，则习立部伎。
The end of the video shows her in bed, smoking, with a skeleton by her side.
Around this time, his father lost his business.
He has said that he does want to return.
El-Saji, 2012 yılında zaman temalı araştırmasını öne sürdüğü Durham Üniversitesi İleri Çalışmalar Enstitüsü ve Fransa'nın Cassis kasabasındaki The Camargo Foundation da dahil olmak üzere birçok kuruluşta birtakım çalışmalara imza atmıştır.
，作為編輯的根據 citation ，但是有關安排已於2011年9月13日因雅虎地圖API關閉而結束 。
Ardından Seleukos, Deimakos adında bir elçiyi de Çandragupta'nın oğlu Bindusara'nın sarayına gönderdi.
He also uses visual effects.
Astronomical Society of the Pacific, p. 218.
The Kyrgyz government protested this decision and formally terminated a 1993 agreement on cooperation between the U.S. and Kyrgyzstan.
He has signed Addison to some of his strips.
，它是一個新的編譯器，同時支援C、Objective-C以及C++。
Atanmadan önce, Ndong Sima siyaset sahnesinde özellikle önemli bir figür olarak kabul edilmemiştir.
Repeats of new seasons and all previous seasons began airing on Nicktoons on February 11, 2011.
He is also one of the top defensive players.
Then he was married to Jan Smithers from 1986 until they divorced in 1995.
A computer could be said to "think" if a human talking with it could not tell it was a machine.
，重視和現有勢力協調的戈培爾斥責希特勒為「
These races are called Grands Prix (French for "grand prize").
'a bağlayan resmi imzayı attığını duyurdu.
A chief of Special English at VOA said, "People in this country have likely never heard of Special English," and also said, "and, if they have, they often don't understand the significance of it to people in other countries."
西班牙人看見英葡聯軍到來時都非常高興。
Jukes, Thomas H. Some historical notes on chlortetracycline.
週六（Saturday）是一個例外，
The Weakest Link won the CableACE Award in 2002 for Best Exellence.
"Fairness" involves making sure that multiple sides of an issue are presented.
The CCP had 300 members in 1922 and only 1,500 by 1925.
The well established infrastructure, built at par with international standards, representing 82% of country’s storage, provides PSO an edge over its competitors.
Northedge 1986, p. 138 1931年9月18日晚上約10時20分，
平均壽命約為15年，圈養條件可以活得長一些。
If you pronounce the words below slowly, you can hear the two vowel sounds of the diphthongs.
》11月29日報導，歐巴馬政府決定建議美國商用客機遵守中國大陸最新的飛航規定，也就是在飛越「東海防空識別區」時，要通知中國大陸，但拒绝承认中國设定的防空识别区。
Hurricane Carmen was the strongest hurricane of 1974.
Guberniya, 1797 yılında Saratov Genel Valiliği'nin yerine kurulmuş olup 1928 yılında lağvedilerek Aşağı ve Orta Volga oblastlarına bağlandı.
Category 1 storms may damage roofs, shingles, vinyl sidings, and gutters to well-constructed frame homes.
Lundquist currently calls SEC games and other college football games for CBS with Gary Danielson and sideline reporter Tracy Wolfson.
This is true of many animals, and the question is why this happens.
Women must wear a chest protector.
，體長可達15公分，為底棲性魚類，生活習性不明。
After ten years, Bauer realized she did not like being a saleswoman and decided to quit to become a journalist.
Fox has been married to Mary Elizabeth Piper since 1973, they have five children - the middle child is actor Laurence Fox.
Former editor in the daily press and military periodicals.
直到1957年，由於都市進入高度發展時期，大眾運輸需求快速增加，東京都政府才獲准以新事業體的身分參與地下鐵事業，
''A history of modern Indonesia since c.1300.
The butterflies of Indiana.
She is on the jury of Deutsche Welle's The BOBS Best of Online Activism Award.
His reviews and articles helped shape the careers of actors, directors and screenwriters, though his reviews, at times, were thought of as unnecessarily mean.
Refunds consisting of a free Virtual Console NES title worth 500 Wii Points were offered by Nintendo to Wii owners who had downloaded it before for the same price.
Towns are smaller than cities.
He started his career at Humongous Entertainment.
They worked with the PEN American Center and renamed the series the PEN/O.
İran meclisi ölümünden sonra ona “Büyük” (
There are medicines that can relieve the pain and prevent disability.
），紫禁城大火，焚毀前三殿、后三宮。
Art students at the state-of-the-art Pennsylvania College of Art and Design present their works at the academy's gallery that is open to the public.
The music was written by Giuseppe Verdi.
It has been produced from 2014 to present.
Combining the two processes reduces the possibility of error.
The front limbs on these cats were longer and stronger than modern cats, and from that, and its teeth, its method of attack must have been different.
The album with the song "The Profit of Doom", entitled Dead Again, was released on March 13, 2007.
目前该地区已经成为镇江新的城市（南徐新城）景观。
，有證據顯示數量下降，但並未達至保育的水平，
In the center of town is an old Polish Kostel (Catholic Church).
，有強大的磁場，大約是地球的5,000倍，
袭人正文标目曰“花袭人有始有终”，余只见有一次誊清时，与“狱神庙慰宝玉”等五六稿，被借阅者迷失，叹叹！
在俄语因为元音缩短（akanye）的现象，亦会读为 /ɐ/ ， /ʌ/ 或 /ə/ 音。
It is a fruit without a seen flower.
It separates males into three simple groups.
But at night she hears strange footsteps and a cry outside her door.
Rounding out the show are comedy bits, which include spoofs of local newscasts, recurring characters, and ridiculous things happening to trombone player LaBamba Rosenberg.
）2009年2號刊開始連載，2014年9月1日完结。
The female daphnia carries its 50 or so eggs in the brood chamber, until they are ready to hatch.
Budizmde kendi alt düzeyleri de olan beş (bazen altı) yeniden doğuş alemi olduğuna inanılır.
大约在1660年，萨克森选帝侯约翰•
Çin Cumhuriyeti sırasında Zhang Daqian, Liu Haisu, Xu Beihong, Feng Zikai ve Yan Wenliang dahil olmak üzere birçok ünlü sanatçı Şanghay'a yerleşti ve şehir yavaş yavaş Çin'in sanat merkezi haline geldi.
在亞洲賽場上，球隊亦打入了亞洲俱樂部錦標賽準決賽，
王明道做好了做牺牲的准备，但他在狱中却投降了。
Latent content is the second level of dreams, which is the real dream amongst your unconscious thoughts.
EuroTrip is a 2004 American comedy movie directed by Jeff Schaffer.
Once called the "Greatest Shipbuilding Town in the World", citation ships were built on the Wear from at least 1346 onwards.
The album Don Omar Presents MTO2: The New Generation was released on May 1, 2012.
Most scientific journals are now specific to just one kind of science, for example only biochemistry or only mining science.
He was elected President in 2008.
The difference between fresh and tanned animal skin is that fresh animal skin dries to make it hard and stiff.
Schell never had children.
They have two front pairs of legs angled outward and bodies that are flattened and often angular.
But the slaves knew their freedom had been granted them in the will and refused to work.
A more likely source is lang, 'binding, entwining'.
There have been Ukrainian people living in North America since the early 1600s.
It was founded on 9 May 1906. citation It works with the Constitution of Finland.
Male animals that are used for meat are generally castrated because it makes them fatter and also makes them quieter to keep because they do not fight each other.
The wheel in the nose of the plane has been made longer.
People are seen with different varieties of colors on Holi.
The effective literacy rate of 7+ population of Bahraich was 73.7%, of which male literacy rate was 76.4% and female literacy rate was 70.8%.
Mohr had written the poem in 1816; Gruber wrote the melody for it before Christmas 1818.
In 1977, he was awarded the Miguel de Cervantes Prize, one of the most prestigious prizes for Spanish-language writers.
A businessman and lawyer by profession, he owned Ittefaq Group, a private steel mill enterprise.
As of 31 December 2018, 12,554 people lived there.
Like all Schnauzers they have the same whiskers, eyebrows and mustache.
So the price of rubber began to fall, and the rubber boom stopped.
Sometimes a person may not know what a sign means.
This is a group of comedians.
They can still extract water from soil.
The new Panel Engine is the newest feature for Intense X. This panel system allows Intense X to be combined directly with the Level editor.
Kenny Miller is the first player in the modern era to cross the Old Firm divide twice, having played for Rangers then Celtic, then moving back to Rangers.
Also, the design of hard drives has changed over time, which will make the effects of defragmentation less visible.
On August 21, 1911, the Mona Lisa was stolen.
The large place before it is called Stephansplatz (St. Stephen's place).
Eleven Turkish servicemen on board were killed in the crash, while two other servicemen survived the crash.
Following a meeting of the BMW board on July 28, the company held at press conference the following morning in which it confirmed the team's withdrawal from Formula One at the end of 2009.
Burney wrote that Linley was the most promising genius of the time.
It is to "promote works by writers of all cultural and racial backgrounds and to educate both the public and the media as to the nature of multicultural work." citation It was created by PEN Oakland in 1991.
K2 has never been climbed during the winter.
This station and 14th Street Station are only two local stations on the Sixth Avenue Line.
巴塞爾位於瑞士最西北端，橫跨萊茵河兩岸，並與法德兩國交界。
It was founded in 1888.
The company also secretly creates Can-D, an illegal but widely available hallucinogenic drug allowing the user to "translate" into Perky Pat (if the drug user is a woman) or Pat's boyfriend, Walt (if the drug user is a man).
Northern pygmy owls can also be seen in the daytime, when the weather is overcast.
This has led to several changes in Pakistani nationality law.
Sungai Petani is also a booming business center with many large malls, franchise stores and business enclaves.
Mulia's father was H. Mustamin Abdul Fatah, a battalion commander in Darul Islam the insurgent Islamic State led by Abdul Kahar Muzakkar.
A second series has already been commissioned.
However, the summer can be warmer than 25 or 30 degrees.
Madura district was sub-divided into 15 taluks, including 5 zamindari taluks of Ramnad estate and 3 zamindari taluks of Sivaganga estate.
Profesyonel kariyerine 1994 yılında Al-Mokawloon kulübünde başladı.
In the daytime, the average summer temperature is 42 °C.
Even though they may have explored all the possibilities, they still cannot see the solution.
Deng worked to reform the Chinese economy and increase exports during the 1980s.
LR Winners of the play-off round (League Route).
砳砳”则象征着南京青奥会将在青年奥林匹克运动的探索中奋勇前行，为全世界的青少年带来惊喜与快乐。 citation 但该设计一经发布，便因造型不够美观、形象过于抽象、南京特色不明显、名字冷僻生涩而引发广泛争议 citation 。
It is one of the busiest motorways in Northern Ireland, 60,000 vehicles use it per day.
Fakat, bu yaklaşımı yüzeysel kaldı ve küçük burjuvazinin görüş alanından ileriye gidemedi.
The group travels from London to Bratislava.
女神崇拜則出自女性崇拜，以女性的溫柔和執著力量為主要信仰對象，如媽祖信仰，母娘(瑤池金母)信仰，羅教(黎山老母)信仰。
Austin complied and gave him a shot at the upcoming pay-per-view, Unforgiven.
They have also had at least one major depressive episode.
Many songs become more popular as cover versions than in their original recordings.
The Vancouver Nighthawks of the World Basketball League played in the stadium for their 1988 season.
It is 46–51 cm long.
Hard times had been fallen upon the House branch Giorgio belonged to.
Trumbull County is part of the Youngstown-Warren-Boardman, OH-PA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
In part of Hlinsko it is Betlém, in neighborhood it is outdoor museum of people’s architecture in Veselý Kopec, Dřevíkov, Svobodné Hamry and Možděnice.
Punk was able to reach the finals and faced Brent Albright.
However, in a copyleft license, when a person gives or sells a work (changed or not changed) to a friend, the person must allow the friend to do the things which the author of the original work has allowed in the license to the person.
Sahne üstü ve kapalı, Kışlar çılgınca öngörülemezdi.
Two members of the winning family are asked five questions, one member at a time.
Inflammation occurs whenever an injury or illness is detected by the body.
People with this condition are called dwarves or little people.
敖瑞鵬（1995年10月6日 － ），
Alberto Crespo, Argentine racing driver (b.
Also, if you have an allergic reaction to a food this can cause hives which can sometimes turn into an eczema irritation spot.
Roma'ya geldiğinde kendisini ileriki nesillere hatırlatacak kalıcı birçok mimari ve sanatsal eserin yapılması için tanınmış sanatçıları etrafına toplar.
The climate of Lima is typical of the coasts of Peru and northern Chile.
He plays with the paddle ball so much that he forgets to feed his pet Gary.
Méliès began making movies that were three to nine minute long.
Dynamic mechanical behavior of multilayer graphene via supersonic projectile penetration.
She had a daughter on the Christmas Day of 1871.
It gets its name from Bourbon, Kentucky where most bourbon is produced.
The name has been popular in Scandinavian countries.
Klinsmann main goal was to help Germany perform well in the next world cup.
It stopped being published in October 1956.
It was the third movie of the series of eight movies.
Heidi is still her most popular book, with new editions still published today.
What May Be Expected from the Meeting.
There is a mini-marathon.
Finnish people use the word to be more serious and powerful than less powerful curses.
Her ne kadar şu ana kadar ciddi yan etkiler, olumsuz sonuçlar veya toksisiteler görülmemiş olsa da uzun dönemde bu tür diyet takviye ürünleri ve kremlerin nasıl sonuçlar veya yan etkiler doğurabileceği kesin değildir.
Positive critical and public reaction to Sheen's performance raised his character's profile, decreasing Lowe's perceived significance.
On August 11, 2007, they announced that they were reuniting.
In 2006, Spain signed a deal to stop interfering with Gibraltar telephone lines, and daily flights to Madrid started.
It makes up about 0.0026 – 0.0184% of all atoms of hydrogen on Earth.
In 2008 work began on a large extension to the School.
He was rushed to hospital.
William realized this was a serious threat and he asked King Henry for help.
After reformulation, it was reintroduced as Diet 7 Up in 1970. citation It was renamed Sugar Free 7 Up in 1973 then back to Diet 7 Up in 1979.
A remake tells the same story as the original but uses a different group of actors.
The issue of the political status of the island (meaning whether it's a country, a U.S state, or a colony) is an issue of debate amongst the Puerto Rican people.
At Treblinka, on 2 August 1943, around 100 prisoners were able to escape from the camp.
The issue of the true nature of the Xena/Gabrielle relationship caused intense debates in the fandom, which turned especially impassioned due to spillover from real-life debates about same-sex sexuality and gay rights.
Nickelodeon executives have since released optimistic plans for upcoming marketing strategies in regards to Avatar.
基本上來說戰爭模式的遊戲地圖都不小，並且允許玩家推進或是被迫撤退到地圖的另一端。
This was because they had lots of blubber.
》等依其所得資料有相當理由確信其為真實者，即無不法可言，自不構成侵權行為。
This made the brand Barilla one of the top topics.
The Vedic texts do not mention bull or any animal as the transport vehicle (vahana) of Rudra or other deities.
They are input part and output part.
遊戲本編有一名十歲的女兒，姓名頭山 花（とうやま はな）。
He has held the position since 1 October 2014.
While Midway supports nearly three million birds, each seabird species has carved out a specific site on the atoll in which to nest.
Spence wrote about wanting equality in the government and fairness towards women.
"Telephone" was appreciated by contemporary critics who many times noted it as a stand-out track from The Fame Monster.
The combined number of Ultratop chart listeners on radio or TV stations exceeds two million each week.
All 189 on board die.
They rise from their graves.
Harbour Road Bridge, with a lateral frequency of 0.67 Hz, during a 1975 demonstration Dallard, P. et al.
Baltimore had two newspapers until 1986.
Ryan later left the group because of an injury.
On October 26 2010, Paul died of natural causes after being inactive for the last few days.
In the early 1950s, he joined forces with street musician Bo Diddley and played harmonica on the March 2, 1955 recording of the Bo Diddley song "I'm a Man" released by Checker Records.
His birth name was Shihab ad-Din.
In other words, it refers to the elements and attributes inside of a website, such as content, HTML, system, CSS, and internal links.
Yüzölçümü 118.67 km² olan şehrin nüfusu 2019 yılı itibarı ile 73.322'dir.
，輸入法不同，按鍵次序（即外碼）隨而不同。
，大多的任務型態都與《美國陸軍三》相同。
Topographically, Karnataka consists of the Arabian Sea Coast, Western Ghats, Deccan Plateau, and Eastern Ghats.
，量身為朴政珉打造出這一首，充滿走在流行先端感，但卻又不流於商業氣息且節奏暢快，深具中毒性的探戈舞曲。
Unsatisfied, chief Merv Adelson is trying to expand in theatrical films.
These regional languages are less and less used.
Phillip Duane Hardberger (born July 27, 1934) is an American politician, lawyer, and jurist.
Bahşın 2006 yılı nüfusu 13,024 kişi ve 2,658 hanedir.
The distance between the top piece of glass and the bottom piece gets larger near the outside edges.
This homestead is now a landmark.
Rockland has a minor league baseball team, the Rockland Boulders.
There are many mini-games and sidequests to be found in the game, including a find-all-the-collectibles quest in the form of retrieving 41 Nishiki-he for the Akabeko’s owner, Tae.
It is longer burning, and used mainly for residential and commercial space heating.
A right is something a person has which people think should not be taken away.
It is 11 meters above sea level.
Alt Sounds的休·霍普金斯评论称：“歌曲副歌旋律无比抓耳，在大型节日上应能引起盛大的合唱。
This table shows Valverde's classics results.
The GND falls under the Creative Commons Zero (CC0) license.
』之仇投靠嵩山派，並刺殺岳靈珊以博取信任；但岳靈珊臨死前仍請令狐冲代為照顧林平之，以此絕了令狐冲報仇之念。
They catch about the same weight of insects per night as web-weaving spiders of similar size.
If the king does not have a son the title does not go to anyone.
It is used primarily to reduce the pain of getting certain shots, and is also used by dentists.
The printing press as an agent of change.
He was prosecuted in 2011 after being accused of crimes against the Cuban state for bringing satellite phones and computer equipment (to members of Cuba’s Jewish community) without the permit required under Cuban law.
Of the high schools, 20 are normal, two are all-girls schools, and five are special high schools.
Beginning in 1970, her long-running comics, including Patty's WorldSUBST (Esther y su mundo in Spanish) and in 1974 she was the creator of Tina's character in Princess Tina magazine.
This suggests that it was a clump of material that had disappeared by that time.
There are two platforms at this station.
It rains all the year.
Many Parliament members have offices inside.
Rather than dealing with functions of computer hardware, high-level programming languages deal with more abstract concepts.
They must face their enemy in combat because of their weak spot on the back of their neck, the probic vent.
Boone için adaya düştükleri andan itibaren en önemli şey Shannon'ı korumaktır.
State University of New York Press. pp. 49–50 & 138–139.
Rule (2003), p. 66 However, Aachen's defenders could use the narrow streets to defend the city.
Illustration from The Descent of Man and Selection in Relation to Sex showing the Tufted Coquette Lophornis ornatus, female on left, ornamented male on right.
Both the quarry and line opened in 1917 and closed in 1967, when the Ironstone ran out.
Dwight was also the Vice President of Special Projects Development for the Sabre Corporation, but was soon replaced by Todd Packer, who was almost immediately terminated.
The wildfires caused billions of dollars in damage.
Gravy is commonly served with roasts, meatloaf, rice, and potato dishes.
該賬戶由當時的聯邦財政部長Jim Flaherty於2008年在2008年聯邦預算中提出。
The boundaries of many NSW divisions will have to be changed, and the area covered by Hunter will be added to nearby divisions.
" which was released the previous year as a digital single.
，正式肯定了毛泽东的提议，决定红军发展川黔边区 citation 。
Mobile genetic elements : protocols and genomic applications.
The stadium also has a range of features, like a shop and a blue box in between the east and north corners of Tallaght Stadium which shows the time and the score between teams.
Lord Hugo Brockton is a young Englishman.
There is a way to get from Sembrancher to the Verbier ski resort and back for people interested in skiing.
Includes reprints of his papers on programmed learning.
The first phase was administration of a now peaceful country.
He served in the Ohio State House from 1985 to 1990.
嘉慶十八年（1813年），授直隸玉田營都司。
This mythical date was commemorated as the holiday Kigensetsu ("Era Day").
He is best known as a founding member of The Jazz Crusaders, later known as The Crusaders.
These voters might prefer the Condorcet method for electing executive offices.
，利用这些化石可以把不同时期的岩层区分开。
It is part of the Tuscaloosa Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Where template A calls template B, and it is B which applies NOINDEX, only template B should be listed here.
After politics, he was became a Justice of the Supreme Court of New South Wales, serving from 1982 to 1992.
They can also be used by only one person.
It can also mean a body of water that people have made.
Ammit was believed to be Anubis's equal but She wanted to enter the real world and devour the souls of the living.
When it is first mined, tanzanite is usually a red-brown colour.
The usual age for making such telephone calls is the teenage years, particularly ages 12 to 16. The average age is 14.
Giorgi’ye bırakmayı kabul etti.
Penn State trustees fired Paterno in the middle of the football season in November 2011.
Genellikle su iki kaynaktan geliyor: yağış veya kar ve buz erimeleri ve sıcak volkanik malzemeler tarafından beslenmektedir.
Shinichi adopts a new identity as "Conan Edogawa", and lives with his girlfriend, Ran Mouri, and her father, Detective Kogoro Mori, under the pretense that his parents are away and unable to take care of him.
Kaumodaki is the most powerful gada(mace) in the Hindu mythology.
The main problems with this poem are that the persons are usually not named.
Araçları göremediğinizde bazı şartlarda seslerini duyabiliyorsunuz.
An address that points to (is the address of) a multi-byte object is the address to the first byte of that object – the byte that has the lowest address.
Darbe, Ulusal Muhafızların bir kısmı ve "
That same year, she guest-starred in the shows Thea and The Sinbad Show.
The name for this person is "
The 2002 Pacific hurricane season was an event in tropical cyclone meteorology.
It too uses diagonal stripes.
Sık sık "yeşil şehir" olarak adlandırılan bu şehir, termal aktiviteye sahiptir ve epeyce seralar burada inşa edilmiştir.
On the track "The End of My Career", on one of 50 Cent's mixtapes, he said that he has already recorded 12 tracks for the album.
Both BMI and ASCAP, as well as other organizations like SESAC monitor performances of the music to which they control the rights.
The winner of the first game played first.
William "Biff" McGuire (October 25, 1926 – 2021) was an American actor.
They are much smaller and are a few kilometers from the city center.
本書以廈門話羅馬字母順序編排，
This innovation improved efficiency, but allowed governance by a self-perpetuating elite.
Due to new and high-paying jobs at oil fields and wind farms, Harper County had an economic boom.
By the way, Hitoshi met Kuroda at the new president's inauguration party, but he returned with the outside director due to the skill of the show and the banquet.
It was built much bigger and more modern than others at the time.
There were seven teams.
Design used in the past, but now abandoned (This symbol was not part of Smith's original set.
Born on 14 October 1985 in Uzhhorod, Rudyk graduated in 2008 from the Faculty of Informatics of the Kyiv-Mohyla Academy with a degree in Information Control Systems and Technologies.
He also wrestled under the ring names Prince Albert (or simply Albert) and A-Train in his early days of the WWF/E.
，使他們上升至積分榜第三名，暫時有135積分，
Although he served as captain, his opportunity to play decreased in 2007.
Murphy decided to help the rebels by using his plane to bomb the government-controlled town of Naco, Sonora.
乃揚清激濁，舉直厝枉，貴戚斂手，豪右屏氣。
In modern times these would be state-held records, though prior to civil registration these were often church-held records.
He is a robot who looks after his Lombax friend.
Currie was married to John Whitney until they divorced.
They were two-handed; the smaller shields were slung over the left shoulder.
Elgar now wrote to him and said he felt sure the future of his music was safe in Boult's hands.
She returned to The View in 2014 for a few months.
Bizans metinlerinde ünlü ve adı sık geçmesine rağmen, tam tanımı verilmemiştir.
Many of the parts are designed to be alternatives to those available in Microsoft Office.
Hill had been the Chief Justice of the Texas Supreme Court and had been the Texas Attorney General for six years.
This was done to help point out the advantages and disadvantages of choosing RAID.
It eventually became known as Bo'ness.
He had lived there for eight years.
In 2018, the De Soto City Council funded issues of Discovering De Soto for the year.
It was removed in an operation and he has recovered.
They are known for spreading fundamentalist beliefs and even banned in some countries as hate literature.
Taking nitroglycerine makes the blood vessels get wider again, so more blood and oxygen can get to the heart.
He is also known for playing Sagat in Street Fighter (1994).
'da "Off-Camera, My Mom's Fight With Cancer" başlıklı bir makale yayımladı.
In 1866 he returned to Paris where he married.
Willow and Tara started as friends.
Freudenthal is married to Nancy D. Freudenthal who currently serves as a judge on the United States District Court for the District of Wyoming and they have four children: Donald, Hillary, Bret and Katie.
Irene served as a technical advisor on the movie, but clashed with Rogers, who refused to short bob or darken her hair.
It is 220 meters above sea level.
少年麦克格雷迪长得高瘦结实，他是一名快速有力的击球手，跑垒也十分强劲。
These rights are called Miranda rights.
Lambeosaurines had narrower beaks than hadrosaurines, which suggests that Lambeosaurus and its relatives could feed more selectively than their broad-beaked, crestless counterparts.
Matsunaga was born in Yaizu on September 21, 1914.
Eck, 86. İtalya'daki yolların bakım masraflarını kendisi üstlenen Augustus ayrıca praefectus vehiculorum olarak bilinen bir askeri görevli tarafından denetlenen ve belli aralıklarla dizilmiş istasyonlardan oluşan resmi bir kurye sistemi kurmuştur.
Donkey Kong was suddenly filled with conviction.
In later years Schwerin von Krosigk wrote several books about economics policy and two versions of his memoirs.
Know what I told you about his film below.
Silicones are used in sealants, adhesives, lubricants, medicine, cooking utensils, and thermal and electrical insulation.
'nin Dürrenäsch şehri yakınlarında düştü; 80 kişi öldü.
The attention is because there has been fighting in East Timor between gangs (groups of criminals with guns), security forces (the country's army).
Its stated goal is to become a really good drawing tool while being able to fit in with standards for SVG graphics.
Hospitals also treat people who do not stay overnight, called outpatients.
嘉靖三十二年（1553年）中式癸丑科三甲第十四名進士 citation citation 。
该歌曲是浩洋微电影《把健康带回家7》的主题曲，微电影是根据一名伟大的父亲真实真事改编。
In 1923 they shut down all other products to concentrate on trucks.
Group since 1964.
Over thousands of years the name Amun-Re evolved into Amun-Ra and then just to Ra.
The Oxford English Dictionary says the word "grandfather clock" comes from this song.
The Soviets also moved into Hungary and eastern Czechoslovakia.
闰10月5日，田沼意次在德川家治时代获加増的2万石被没收，同时大坂蔵屋敷的财产被没收，在江户的府邸也交还幕府。
發售在PSP平臺上的一款類似于Isuka的GGB模式的2D橫板過關作品。
It was officially dissolved as a city on December 16, 2006.
He gave four concerts, in which he included mostly British music.
，由于任何两个生物個體如果追溯足够多代总可以找到共同的祖先，因此嚴格來說所有人都是血亲。
'a bağlı belediyelerde bulunan mahallelerin listesidir.
，其他还有部分零星遗存在房屋拆除过程中时有发现。
，令到業餘的孕婦攝影在各個社交網站湧現 citation 。
Without a Paddle was released on 10 January 2003.
Citadel Securities was formed in 2001, and is a market maker, providing liquidity and trade execution to retail and institutional clients.
Iraq had long claimed Kuwait as part of its territory.
Convenience stores have various kinds of triangular gimbap.
Antonio Campos tarafından yönetilen ve Gyllennhaal tarafından yapımcılığı üstlenen film Eylül 2020'de gösterime girdi.
She acted on The Girl Next Door.
每注基本上以10港元為單位，但只要每注總額超過100港元，就可以以最少每注1港元下注（3T及六環彩每注最少2元），四重彩只要有24注的話，則可以每注1元下注。
But on the other hand her would be mother-in-law wants to get a bride who is altoegther illiterate.
Some alcoholic drinks.
During his time of absence from Persia, major revolts broke out.
Thus, construction projects termed "famine follies" came to be built.
This time, the players can change how the zombies work using custom settings.
The album received mostly bad reviews and it did not sell very many copies.
He was also the president of the Bangladesh Hindu Buddhist Christian Unity Council.
This started soon after it opened with the 1964 movie Seven Days in May.
Hattrick has a 'strong' community.
It did, though, become a mild hit.
On June 4, 2018, Weather Center Live was shortened by an hour, ending at 5 p.m. ET.
From then onwards he always had to sit down to conduct.
The Senate President is third in the Nigerian presidential line of succession.
His unprecedented act of immediate resignation was also considered showing a lack of respect for his position.
The points are added up at the end of they year.
Because of how close the probe will be to the Sun, it will experience very high temperatures.
She married freeskier Rory Bushfield in Pemberton, British Columbia on September 25, 2010.
While working, Balabushka lost his middle finger to a band saw.
The plant grows to a height of 20-50 cm, sometimes as much as 80 cm, and has white or yellow flowers with a purple centre.
He resigned in 2013 due to "health and personal reasons".
This is when he started playing in the major leagues.
Yüzölçümü 4,019.91 km² olan alt prefektörlüğün nüfusu Aralık 2011 tarihi itibarı ile 52,627'dir.
In his 1980 interview with Playboy, Lennon claimed he wrote the song,sfncheck but he may have been distracted at the time by a previous question about "Don't Let Me Down."
"The individual is the entity which survives or not, which reproduces or not, and which reproduces successfully or not".
The album was released on 6 November 2015.
The state has had to bear the costs of protecting its citizens with no reimbursement from the federal government.
The government of Kerala paid a tribute to him, in the form of a museum in memory of the country’s best known and most revered political cartoonist,near his birthplace Oachira.
The seat of the High King of Ireland was at Tara which is not far from Navan.
The province has 16 districts and 47 communes or municipalities.
He was interim President of Azad Kashmir from 20 to 29 July 1991.
Teeth which are best for vegetation are much less good for meat.
Carbon resistors, as said above, are the most commonly used resistors today.
On top of a dresser may be a mirror.
It has two listed buildings, including Barn and Outbuildings about 50 feet to the west of the Fenn citation and The Fenn.
Other important books include the Qolastā, the "Canonical Prayerbook of the Mandaeans," which was translated by E.S. Drower.
Later Silla and Balhae's period is called South and North Countries Period.
They got married in 1966.
It is now an affiliate of ISIL.
※熊本市雖然擁有匹敵大都市圈的規模，但因2012年才改為政令指定都市，預定會升格為基於2015年國勢調查的大都市圈。
'ya yaptığı yolculuklar için kullanılmıştır.
When the light source is removed, the fluorescence stops occurring.
It is at 50° 59 North, 03° 16 East.
Some trees develop multiple trunks (whether from an individual tree or multiple trees) which grow together.
但1577年時晴繼僅有8歲，因此1582年時晴政去世，晴繼順勢繼承家督此說是最有可能的。
Lieutenant Colonel Boris T. Pash, the head of the Counter Intelligence Branch of the Western Defense Command, investigated suspected Soviet espionage at the Radiation Laboratory in Berkeley.
Disco clubs usually had coloured lights that flashed with the music called scanners, and mirror balls with hundreds of small mirrors, that reflect light onto the dancers and all corners of the room.
Clubs can have logos.
、刚升任的右副元帅完颜昌和元帅左都监完颜宗弼的统率下，配合由刘豫之子刘麟指挥齐军，在九月下旬分路渡过淮河攻南宋。
Even though Lindström was given a hefty discount from her sentence because she had agreed to testify against Steven Spaliviero and two other men, the Crown appealed against the sentence as "manifestly inadequate".
」 ，恰好對應《不起眼女主角培育法》中另一女主角、
Many countries in the world say there are special rules for people who have epilepsy.
The voivodeship was made on January 1, 1999, out of the former voivodeships of Gdańsk, Elbląg and Słupsk.
She started acting in 2005.
Chris believed she may have been raped, but nonetheless supported Zoe when gave birth to a daughter in January 2003 and together the pair welcomed the baby into their family.
On May 17, 1963, Bruno beat Buddy Rogers to become the second World Wide Wrestling Federation champion.
Tanu is reborn as Tanuja Vikram Sikand (Sandy's niece).
In 1810, Pike wrote a book about his journeys.
Lindemann'la ayrıldıktan sonra; Köseling, kızları Marie-Louise için Lindemann'ın çocuk destek parası ödemediğini ve beraberken de kendisine fiziksel saldırıda bulunduğunu iddia etmiştir.
Croft and move to Bath for a while.
他的评论受到了米勒及其支持者的激烈反驳，他们认为科拉梅在这一事件中表现地更像是管理层代表而非独立思考者。
Even though the population of South Africa has grown in the past decade citation (mostly because of immigration), the country had an yearly population growth rate of −0.501% in 2008 (CIA est.
There are 5 towers of Bodrum Castle.
On the western bank is the Gandhi Ashram at Sabarmati, which displays the spiritual leader’s living quarters and artifacts.
The provinces are divided into 37 departments.
As one of the cheerleaders, she likes to use magenta pom-poms.
These are primarily the United States Court of International Trade and the United States Court of Federal Claims.
It was distributed by Cannon Group and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1971.
The twins do not accompany Meg and Charles Wallace on their interplanetary adventure.
Jalina Miranda was the daughter of Janis Roth.
Portekizlilerin günümüzdeki Sergıpe eyaleti içinde ilk karaya çıkmaları Aracaju'nun günümüzdeki mevkiinde olmuştur.
He also achieves very good success in convincing Geeta's father into starting the project.
Before he became a defender he was a midfielder in 1992.
From 2008 to 2010 he managed Admira Wacker Mödling.
When it acts as a reducing agent, oxygen gas is also produced.
He smashed a 2-foot-high (60 cm) 30-pound (13.5 kg) crystal statue of an eagle that the broadcasters had given to Reagan.
In the memory of the martyrdom of the three brave sons of India the day '23 March' is celebrated every year as Martyr's Day.
For world races, they have enough power to win the championship at a race.
This symbolism was used by early Christianity.
It was formed in 1908 and recognized in 1912.
。2015年1月8日開拍，7月21日全劇殺青 citation （因為7月7日開始到倫敦補拍英國部分劇情 citation ，和在殺青酒後兩天，跟陳怡蓉補拍一些鏡頭 citation ）。
、湖廣參政，所至有聲 《山西通志·卷122》：王淑陵字之義陽城人嘉靖乙丑進士授嵩縣知縣。
Bu tür grupların üyeleri bazı araştırmacılarca Çinli Hristiyanların "sessiz çoğunluğu"nu temsil ettikleri ve birçok farklı teolojik geleneğe ait oldukları ileri sürülmektedir.
"If" was a 1971 worldwide hit.
） - 2nd January 2019 。
In 1919 it joined with the Tonkünstler Orchestra.
“昆明”号导弹驱逐舰（舷号172）简称“昆明”舰，
A transmission medium is something (
Be happy with me!"
The appetizer part lasts twenty minutes.
Pilgrims credential; all stamps are needed to get a pilgrims certificate.
This model is designed to only sit horizontally (with the buttons changed accordingly) and is incompatible with the Nintendo GameCube's software and its accessories.
It is the first man-made object to enter interstellar space.
Many scientists have to send their information to the database.
此荣誉于民国24年（1935年）
Most competitive teams keep two sets of uniforms, with one design emphasizing the primary color and the other emphasizing the secondary color.
'tan oluşan iki yabancı jüri üyesi daha belirlendi.
同樣地，並不是所有保守黨黨員也完全屬於上面三派的其中一派。
The station is sponsored by the bank ING Direct and the University of Reading.
In terms of graph theory, two of the nodes now have degree 2, and the other two have degree 3. Therefore, an Eulerian path is now possible, but since it must begin on one island and end on the other, it is impractical for tourists.
龜隻在野外展現了個人的喜好，與許多人一樣，一直尋找自己喜愛的住房。
据说在兴建香严寺时，曾在此设简易粮仓，故名。
Grace Robert writes that the ballet was received "very tepidly".
He earned his PhD in 2013 from Saint Petersburg State University of Economics.
It is one of the first ever '
His works from this time are called papiers collés.
Several hours later Randy Roth came back with Cynthia.
Winchester also helped out with the BAR's final design.
The direction holes can also be called the tuning holes or wind holes.
İrlandalı oyuncu Del Henney sahne ve film çalışmalarına ek olarak, birçok televizyon yapımında rol almıştır.
Neon Genesis Evangelion ilk olarak 26 bölüm halinde, yerel bir kanal olan TV Tokyo televizyonunda, 4 Ekim 1995 ile 27 Mart 1996 arasında gösterilmiştir.
Dansçılar canlı ve simetrik hareketlerle dans eder.
They were blindfolded and executed with a machine gun.
It can include close-ups of natural scenes and textures.
In 1924 he left Beatrice and their child to marry the taxi dancer June Edith Smith.
Early Temples of Central Tibet.
It may also be used as palliative treatment (where cure is not possible and the aim is for local disease control or symptomatic relief) or as therapeutic treatment (where the therapy has survival benefit and it can be curative).
Religion has been the source of grievances between Buddhists and Muslims since the late 20th century.
The text is generally assumed, states Ludo Rocher, to have achieved its current structure about 1000 CE.
Gantt translated many of Pavlov's works.
; by Baliuag in the north; by Plaridel in the south; and by Calumpit in the west.
Bulwark of friendship for nation and man!
Beginning in 1929, Seatrain Lines carried railroad boxcars on its sea vessels between New York and Cuba.
Callaghan, s. 16 Dizi üzerinde çalışırken Larry ve Steve karakterleri yavaşça Peter ve Brian karakterlerine dönüştü.
》在臺上映而注意到「配音員」這個行業。
The Open Spaces Society is angry because some landowners will not allow the path to cross their land.
It was the second in the Super Mario Advance series and was released in 2002.
All those behind closed doors are safe."
It has decorations by Florentine artists like Agnolo Gaddi and Niccolò Gerini.
He was known for his Latin jazz recordings of the 1970s. citation His nickname, Gato, is Spanish for "
This resulted in a series of reports under the general title Studies in crop variation.
He proposed legislation banning the Japanese from holding land in Oregon.
The High Speed services via Chatham terminated at Ramsgate, with a shuttle bus service running between Ramsgate and Dover Priory via Sandwich.
The Egyptians believed that the two tributaries in her area of the Nile were her arms.
The basic tricks of skateboarding are ollies, kickflips, shuv-its, and 180s ("one-eighties").
In fact, he had been a cognitive psychologist his entire life, well before the "mythical birthday of the cognitive revolution in psychology".
Lamb became Lord Melbourne when his father died.
The "North Dakota Hymn" is the regional anthem (or "
She was known for her three-
He was ordained to the priesthood in 1957.
Fulk also succeeded his father-in-law, Warnerius, as lay abbotThe position of lay abbot was a desirable reward for a count or magnate.
He was married two times (became a widower twice).
They are more common in the southern part of the reef.
He was known as "The Father of the Two-Ocean Navy".
As governor, Pierce had to battle with a Republican-dominated legislature.
One says: "Oh my God, Becky.
A History of Scots to 1700, pp. lxiii Scots also includes loanwords from contact with Gaelic.
He graduated from the Moscow Aviation Institute.
But it wasn't widely released until 2005.
In English speaking countries, you read the speech bubbles left to right.
He ran 5 races that year.
At 16:50 on 26 December, the Company D, 37th Tank Battalion of the 4th Armored Division, reached Bastogne, ending the siege.
They are Joey and Parker.
It is regarded by some as important to neuter your pet.
The personal name (míng lang) appears second.
Unfortunately, other than its orbit, radius of 53 km and geometric albedo of 0.08 almost nothing is known about it.
受益於其設計上的一些特別元素（例如槍管軸線位於轉輪軸線之下、從彈巢最下方的膛室射擊而非從彈巢最上方的膛室射擊，
Alfred's third brother, Ethelbert, succeeded to the throne.
This stops eggs from rolling out.
The Länder (States of Germany) are run the lower levels of the court system; only the highest courts are paid for by the federal government.
When Jacques joined her a little while later, the reception was much colder.
The Izu Peninsula forms the eastern side of the bay.
That is reason why approach is the most difficult job in compare to another ATC service.
尤尼马克设计公司的设计思想基本是国际主义的：强调平面设计上的标准化，采用方格网络为设计依据，目的是良好的视觉传达功能。
Rare copies sell well and fetch the asking price.
No print is known to exist.
），并在一战后正式从德国手中取得该地区。
He is one of Batman's most enduring enemies and belongs to the collective of adversaries that make up Batman's rogues gallery.
The rules specify the use of the adjective near instead of the adjective close.
，五年後達到5億美元，並且在全球34個國家設立分公司或工廠。
It is served warm with powdered sugar on it.
Evelina is actually a sequel.
而英国历史学家丹尼斯·马克·史密斯（Denis Mack Smith）在《意大利史》
After a tadpole has grown its hands, their tails continue to get shorter until there is nothing left of them.
This comes from the old belief that ecosystems grow towards a stable system, and disturbances like fires stop that, and destroy the harmony of nature.
Çelik, A.,Yıldırım T., "İlk İslam Fetihlerinden Beylikler Dönemine Harput", Fırat Üniversitesi Harput Uygulama ve Araştırma Merkezi Geçmişten Geleceğe Harput Sempozyumu., Elazığ 23-25 Mayıs 2013.
The Ruy Lopez is one of the most common and well liked openings, with many ways to play it.
People from Sachsenhausen were also forced to help produce goods used for war (such as weapons, or ammunition).
David Kennedy, Guns of the Wild West (Philadelphia, PA; London: Courage Books, 2005), p. 151 The cylinder revolves around a central shaft in the revolver.
He was called a pioneer of industrial music.
Project Open Hand currently supports many other diseases.
In 1848, the women's suffrage movement began on a national level.
SpaceX關於NASA合同的官方聲明稱：
因此，与之前对鐮龍科或相关类群的任何其他研究相比，由此产生的系统发育是非常不明确的。
The process of distributing or making such recordings is called bootlegging.
A garden in a person's backyard usually only measures a few square meters.
。1978年中华人民共和国与日本两国代表签署《中日和平友好条约》。
The category is for articles and events specifically related to the decade of the 700s which begins in the year 700 and ends in the year 709.
，禁門之變時受傷，在仁治療後康復，後加入長州正義派。
Hair grows in cycles of various phases: citation (comprehensive topic review, successor to landmark review of 1954 by HB Chase) anagen is the growth phase; catagen is the involuting or regressing phase; and telogen, the resting or quiescent (still) phase.
It also aired on TV Land from 2000 to 2007, and again from 2011 to 2013.
But I know you fear that you may fail in your long-term objective to destroy our free society and I can show you why you will fail.
Boeing continued limited operations.
Because of his pacifism, Ozai begins to gain the advantage.
He studied at the University of Turin (where he has been a pupil of Franco Venturi, and where he obtained his laurea in 1969 with a thesis about Pietro Bizzarri esule Italiano del Cinquecento, published in 1971).
相較於今日行政區，其範圍大致包括埤頭里、泰興里、茂興里、明正里東北部、下新里西北部凸出部分，以及后里區廣福里南部東側一小塊地。
In some parts, the road marks the border with Haiti.
Two shows with over 45,000 people each year with closed Patricio Rey near the Federal Capital, as long ago you could not enjoy.
Alfredo Enrique Borrero Vega (born 19 October 1955) is an Ecuadorian neurosurgeon and politician.
His son Akbar Shah II was also buried here.
In the meanwhile, the American Civil War had broken out.
But French people use the word county (comté) in the name of the Free County region, the old Free County of Burgundy.
They are used especially in process of orthogonal discrete wavelet transform design.
利奧納德的座標為coord ，而該地的平均海拔高度為1275米（即4183英尺）。
Promoted to colonel, he then became Assistant Director of Military Training.
A study done in 1969 says that the Amazon has a length of convert.
Ayrıca Fan (2016), Jolly LLB 2 (2017) ve Makale 15 (2019) gibi filmlerde rol aldı.
It has an area of convert.
In 2015, the company received an award Building Green's top-10 products.
Piyano eğitimine 2015 yılından beri Almanya'da devam etmektedir.
He played many matches as central midfielder from 2012.
印度国民军士兵大审判”前后，不列颠印度军队频频爆发兵变，而且在皇家印度海军更具代表性 "Many I.N.A. men already executed, Lucknow".
If the weather was dry, people slept outside.
Her first recording was made in 1923.
It is simply not true that all religions lead to the same goal.
虎尾總廠，舊稱虎尾製糖所，位於臺南州虎尾郡虎尾庄，即是現在的雲林縣虎尾鎮。
The Lewis Publishing Company.
He is known for a number of executions, including those of his mother References to Nero's matricide appear in the Sibylline Oracles 5.49—520, Geoffrey Chaucer's Canterbury Tales The Monk's Tale, and William Shakespeare's Hamlet 3.ii.
Specimens with other colors on their dorsal surface, such as white, yellow or brown do occur.
，JTWC與IMD相繼發出最後報告。
However, there are no precise rules for how the title is used, and each academic institution grants the title as it sees fit.
A committee is not itself considered to be a kind of assembly.
Sylvana Hildegard Simons (born 31 January 1971) is a Dutch life and performance coach, anti-racism activist, and politician.
They were also given a sidearm.
双方都有特拉华人参加游记战役。
This date is somewhat later than molecular divergence time estimates (
Sözleri önceki iki şarkıya benzer niteliktedir.
，娜娜奇登場的集數之評價也較其他集數來得高 citation citation 。
Kelly has released twelve studio albums and three collaboration albums.
Journeys in South Africa, or travels and researches in South Africa.
不久之後，為徹底斷絕奄美群島與琉球的關係，薩摩藩於1624年禁止奄美酋長接受琉球的官職，
Schools provided education provided a literate supply of workers and inventors.
He was nicknamed Poison, for his habit of spreading malicious gossip and rumours around the station.
The north side of Kōkō Seamount was formed at least 52.6 million years ago; and the south side of Kōkō is dated at 50.4 million years ago.
Vajrayana is sometimes known as Tantric Buddhism in the west.
They want to do this to know how much they should buy themselves, to have enough to sell later.
She performs mostly on television but has had some movies.
在窑街煤矿基地的基础上，1960年4月27日由甘肃省人民委员会决定此地设立红古区，由兰州市永登区（1958年12月，撤销永登县，并入兰州市，设立永登区；1961年12月，撤销兰州市永登区，恢复永登县）析置红古区，以原属永登区的八宝、红古、七山、通远4个公社为其行政区域，区政府驻八宝公社的窑街（1961年改属窑街公社，1963年改窑街街道办事处，1988年改窑街镇，2004年“撤镇改街”）。
The original name of the town was Santa Cruz de Icayagua, also written as Hicayagua.
In that context, a system can be influenced by certain input values.
Polonya Filoloji fakültesine kabul edildi.
Its current mayor is Heinz Buschkowsky (
They said that it would be against Nobel principles.
Eastern hognose snakes are listed as least concern on the IUCN red list.
在这档节目中，A曝光了诉讼案件背后更惊人的事实。
Natividad Macho Álvarez (13 December 1928 – 20 August 2017) was a Spanish movie and stage actress better known by the stage name Nati Mistral.
The closest station to the campus is Ichikawa Station.
Sunderland AFC were created in 1879 and joined the Football League in 1891.
，1984年著名的main化石便发现于该湖岸边。
Since a colour can be described as a specific frequency of light, this is why the black breaks can be used to identify element(s) which the light is passing through.
When Buttercup expresses unhappiness at marrying Humperdinck, he promises to search for Westley.
The person then becomes confused and acts strange.
He also unveiled excerpts of four songs from the album during the event.
But the tidal rivers around them had risen and they could not cross them as they did earlier.
It was first published in 1932.
他们每隔三英里就会堆放一些雪块用来标记路线sfn。
They do not have to say anything and can refuse to answer any questions.
Tully learns that Fester, as the biggest brother, owns all of the Addams property.
In the early 19th century the geography of Antarctica was almost completely unknown, but occasional sightings of land had been recorded.
Both albums came out on the Arhoolie label.
It shows Adele having a conversation on a flip phone when she suddenly loses reception.
The army expected people from the Western Australian government would use the guns.
他的父親是一位律師，母親則是一位教師 citation 。
At night, the surface cools down and contracts.
The symbols were adopted at various stages in Pakistan's existence, and various rules and regulations are governing their definition or use.
Darrell Hevenor Smith and H. Guy Herring, The Bureau of Immigration: Its History, Activities, and Organization (Baltimore, Md.: Johns Hopkins University Press, 1924).
顶层面阔一间、进深一间，正面开有四扇槅扇门，两侧则是槅扇窗；四面出平座，环绕着琉璃挂檐板；四角攒尖顶，屋面覆鎏金铜瓦，四脊各有一条铜鎏金行龙，宝顶安放鎏金铜塔。
He thought he could learn important things about psychology from them.
Then a month passed, but still there was no decision.
Macular edema is treated with focal laser treatment.
Excavation of the tomb brought to light 254 skeletons, laid out in seven rows.
It is in the country's south coast.
The passenger died, but the pilot did not.
Some community television stations film and broadcast community cultural activities, such as musical performances or town hall meetings.
Birçok istismarcının, hasta ya da geçmişte kendilerinin de kötü muamele mağdurları olduğuna ve bunların profesyonel bakıma ve ilaca ihtiyaç duyduğuna inanıyor.
For about 200 years, a stone pillar marked the site of the grave.
Levon Ter Petrosian, announced he will run again for office in the presidential election which will start next year.
Mahallede Karakoyunlular ve Akkoyunlular zamanından kalma heykeller şu an Van il müzesinde koruma altına alınmıştır.
Each organ is different and has its own character.
%以下，且由于中国经济增长模式的转变，GDP增速持续处于5%以下只是时间问题。
İpoteğin sadece belirli bir borç için alındığı ipotek çeşidi olup,”anapara ipoteği”, “ana sermaye ipoteği”, “re’s-ül mal ipoteği”, ”karz ipoteği”, “kesin ipotek”,” sabit ipotek” gibi kavramlar ile ifade edilmektedir.
'ta yaşanan bombalı saldırıyı protesto etme amacıyla yapılan sessiz yürüyüşün sonunda Anıtkabir'e çelenk konuldu.
However, he concluded that the "movie refuses to jell."
A park in southeast Denver, Colorado bears her name.
Something is placed on top of some photographic paper (or a similar material) and then shining light on it.
Its first headmaster was writer Héctor González.
The people who used to live in Ōkuma are called "nuclear refugees".
His paintings are very realistic and often portray heroes from Ancient Greece and Rome.
Then one or more players guide the planchette to the letters or numbers to spell out a message.
Yıllık yapılan bu oylamalarda sendikanın çeşitli idari kademelerinde görev alacak üyelerin seçimi için de oy kullanılır.
The community hall was provided for both the camps to perform certain activities such as meeting, functions, occasions, and other social gatherings related to the camp.
The wooden bridge, dating from the Middle Ages, across the Aar was destroyed by floods three times in thirty years, and was replaced with a steel suspension bridge in 1851.
描述為“遵守必要的最低要求，以安撫西方並避免公開指責違反形式上的民主規則，但在實質上違反這些規則。“
Its name became United Nations Children's Fund.
Interval arithmetic can be used to easily calculate the total possible error of an inexact arithmetic system.
Awards and won the Young, Gifted & Black Award.
Combing makes all the fibres point the same way so a thread can be spun.
He had exceptional hands at the plate, and would bat without batting gloves.
This would have been similar to an isometric-type game.
针对局势恶化，中共中央联合其他部门，在7月24日颁布《布告》，指出陕西省一些地方组成专业的武斗队，连续制造了一系列极其严重的反革命事件，包括抢劫国家银行、仓库、商店，烧毁和炸毁国家仓库、公共建筑和民用房屋，抢劫车船，中断铁路、交通、邮电，私设电台，连续冲击人民解放军的机关部队，
，以南被美国占有的财产将得到补偿。
Some true berries do not have berry in their name.
The table itself is made of characters which show how a particular irreducible representation changes when a particular symmetry operation is applied (put to it).
Dick Rivers (born Hervé Forneri; 24 April 1945 – 24 April 2019) was a French singer and actor.
In 1818 he moved to London and held a number of performances with the Turk and many of his other machines.
He fell in love with space after that.
Jean Josselin (6 January 1940 – 7 February 2021) was a French welterweight boxer.
Event cache: Meeting organized and attended by geocachers.
Winners were voted on by fans voting with text messages.
In the wild, this manure carries and spreads the undigested seeds in the elephant's diet.
There are many local names that describe the same or similar groups of people.
It is still used by several regions besides Jehovah’s Witnesses.
The prototype locomotive was shown together with the smaller, diesel-hydraulic G 12 on InnoTrans 2010.
Çin, Tayvan gibi ülkelerin kitapçılarında Dao De Jing'in farklı farklı yorumlarını bulmak mümkündür.
With a group, they decided to rent a localation where they put some ramps.
It's a industrial and agricultural town.
The Earth and Its Peoples.
's Strategic and Policy Forum in 2017.
In 1985, Motown and CBS collaborated on two posthumous records while Motown re-released Marvin's famed material.
In December of 2015, Cincinnatti banned conversion therapy.
Organizations, places or other things founded or established in the 760s.
However, his defeat at the Battle of Gettysburg ended heavy losses.
SKA' nın konuşma dışı sesler için geçerli olmadığını belirtmek önemlidir.
有僅建有土壘而難以被稱為曲輪的小面積構造，
It is played on indoor courts by two teams with five players each.
Patil was a member of the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly between 1985 to 1995.
伯兹认为游戏世界已成功抓住了前作设定的平衡之处，并且，较大的开放程度可以让玩家在攻击之前进行战略部署。
，最后于朋普镇岭格村以南入南盘江。
Dulce Amor was released on December 24, 1988.
Tropical Storm Jose dissipated the next day.
It has many big rooms even though on the outside it looks just like a small pineapple.
The only person who pays the full amount of tax is the customer of the shop.
In 1952 he ran for the California state assembly.
Ancak toplama operasyonunun anlamı bulanıktır Çünkü bu ölçekte mutlak bir sıfır başlangıç noktası bulunmaz ve değişik nesneler için değişik keyfi orijin noktaları kullanma imkânı ve bu değişik orijinli ölçümlerin karıştırılma imkânı bulunur.
It is at 50° 26 North, 04° 45 East.
There, Dr. Perl's husband, only son, parents, and extended family were all killed by the Nazis. citation Dr. Perl was allowed to live because she was a doctor.
车站自2005年4月1日起停办客运业务 citation 。
因為是由自身最熟練地天擊聚合天力實體化而成，因此自身也會攜帶相對應的屬性，也因為實體化時會消耗持有者自身大量的天力，因此往往只有在需要一擊必殺時才會被召喚出來，正常狀況下一個人一生只會持有一把才牙。
Karabük Belediye Başkanı, 1959-Araç doğumlu Rafet Vergili(MHP), 31 Mart 2019 seçimlerinde %39,83 oy oranıyla seçilmiştir.
There’s a lot of work to do.
隨後，電氣化工程又以費城為中心展開。
Flash, Dale and Zarkov have to make friends with the other people on Mongo, to battle Ming and stop his plans.
In 2004, she did a cover of the Notis Sfakianakis song "Opa Opa".
If both of them missed, they would fight with their swords.
本次比赛共设10个项目，共有100名运动员参加该项目的比赛。
Another way was to put the changeling in a forest so that the troll could take its child back.
Female Koreans call older males 오빠 (O-ppa) and older females 언니 (Eon-ni) after the given name.
Below are some of the important events that happened from 930 to 939.
The Hindu- 19 July 2011.
Kidman won an Oscar for her performance.
; GotoBLAS: main後藤和茂开发的BSD许可证開源的BLAS實現，但已停止了活跃开发，后继者为OpenBLAS。
Ligeti was married two times.
From this we see that any Greek word containing a 'C' has been 'translated' into Latin, or an Italic language.
，至1100年逝世於Cività Castellana均未如願。
At the top level, England is divided into nine regions.
Bütümn çeyrek final ve yarı final eşleşmeleri iki ayaklı olarak oynandı.
The series was called the Chronicle-Telegraph Cup.
Her most popular parts were in the plays Min tante Aurore, Bildhuggaren, Brodertvisten, Syrsan, Preciosa, Jane Eyre and Mäster Smith.
There was even the football team AC Spalato, that substituted the local Hadjuk ruled by Slavs.
Kate in turmoil kisses Jack goodbye, fearing it will be the last time.
" that was built in the middle of the square.
全塔有塔基、塔身、塔刹三部分组成。
Work on a map starts by the user creating the main world out of blocks called brushes.
According to lead singer, Chris Martin, "We wouldn't be able to live with ourselves if we sold the songs' meanings like that." citation The song "
The same rocket appears on Earth, takes EVE and returns to outer space, with WALL-E following it.
He showed numerous other powerful abilities including shape shifting as well as duplicating.
Barry started playing football professionally on 27 July 2018 in the 2. Liga.
Freezing occurs at below 0 degrees Celsius with water, while some other liquids become a solid at higher or lower temperatures.
It was to be coordinated by the U.S. Metric Board.
The bodies of Tsar Nicholas II, Tsarina Alexandra, and three of their daughters were buried in the St. Catherine Chapel at St. Peter and Paul Cathedral in St. Petersburg on 17 July 1998.
It was affected by earthquakes in 2019 and 2020.
The administration of Lopburi is divided into 11 districts citation and 124 sub-districts.
These soldiers were experienced after many years of war.
He finished fifth in the championship.
The four parts of the stomach are the rumen, reticulum, omasum, and abomasum.
三壩廳的轄地疆域：東至麥杆多之益拉山頂接理化界，距廳治三壩橋170里；西至大朔山接巴安縣界，距廳治35里，
Kawashima played all 4 matches at the 2010 World Cup and Japan qualified to the knockout stage.
'ün önünde final yarışını bitirerek kazanmıştır.
He had a son, Ritaban Ghatak, and two daughters with her.
It took two other trams with it.
A dispensation applies to specific people who are affected by the law.
It is not possible to create 100% vacuum, but some vacuum pumps are able to create 99.9999% vacuum.
The printing press was also made.
Chrispinsson also wrote several book on Swedish history.
粟生七舟學園的文化部樓的男學生們，提案要文化部樓的所有女學生必須穿學校泳裝，當時天馬春近正忙於招募新人，最後的結果除了天馬春近之外，其他所有男學生們被趕出文化部樓了。
The first legs will be played on 30 April and 1 May, and the second legs will be played on 7 and 8 May 2019.
As members of Ryan's delegation boarded two planes at the airstrip, Jones' "Red Brigade" armed guards arrived in a tractor-pulled trailer and began shooting at the delegation.
Some of the earliest billboards were made in the 1880s.
Gertrude Lieberman from 1947 until her death in 2008.
For example, falling from a fifth floor window and staying alive.
Codes for Monaco start with 98 as if it was part of France, but has the letters "MC" instead of "F" for international mail.
It lets the performer pay attention to what they are doing in their hands, instead of to the ground in front of them.
Anthropology and Epidemiology: learning epistemological lessons through a collaborative venture.
那是從現在開始延續的嶄新生存競爭的故事。
Fanta is an orange soda drink.
The BMI was invented by Adolphe Quetelet between 1830 and 1850.
Jews from the Middle East, the Caucasus, and Central Asia are called Mizrahi Jews.
All the girls are hungry all of the time.
He has an authoritarian style.
，因各部隊駐地分散，師資難求，推行時也產生許多困難；國防部認為，如運用電視統一教學，將可收事半功倍之效。
Only about 2,500 cases are seen in the US each year.
More than 200 people were killed on the quay.
Lamborghini introduced the Diablo VT 6.0 in 1994.
此外，南京及其周边地区先后发现的30多件同时期墓碑上，不仅有隶书，还有行楷、隶楷，说明当时多种书体并存。
Torture is especially not allowed.
An official soundtrack was released on July 21, 1994.
British Journal of Social and Clinical Psychology 9: 222-231.
The comic book of Demon Slayer became popular since anime started in 2019.
Repository of 145 linear feet of Peabody's business and personal papers.
Prensesin kalesi, altında bir hisarla gökyüzüne çıkmıştır.
The tournament took place in three venues —
In late March 2007, Bronstein called an emergency staff meeting and reportedly stated that the news business "is broken, and no one knows how to fix it."
Örneğin herhangi bir sözcük, mesela "lale" sözcüğü bir insana söylendiğinde onda derin duygular yaratabilir, itilmiş duygularını geri çağırabilir.
They like to live in an area that is mixed woodland and open grassland.
It was got from deposits dated to be 23 million years old.
The First Division currently has of 14 teams.
还有的本主是白族的敌人，比如下关将军洞祭拜的本主是公元754年唐与南诏战争中丧生的唐将李宓.
The Taylor series is then used to describe what the function looks like in the neighborhood of some number a.
A golden delicious apple.
The country did not have enough new weapons or new machines.
The marriage was not without difficulties.
During a flank assault on high ground held by the enemy, Private Hayashi rose alone in the face of grenade, rifle, and machine gun fire.
"I have to speak candidly to be of value, but I do not wish to offend the Muslim community.
This was point to point.
Some of the units are called "base units".
車站大樓乸閘口在開業長久之來都位於南邊，廣島方向月台一方。
但由于暖空气爬升至冷空气上方，锋区内部的温度直减率和垂直梯度都特别小，并可能出现锋面逆温现象。
壬二酸酯可用於潤滑劑和增塑劑。
It has all the equipment not needed for reentry, such as experiments, cameras and cargo.
Both sides wanted to rule the country.
In his footsteps I place my ministry in the service of reconciliation and harmony between peoples."
Either the projector is fixed on the whiteboard or it hangs on the ceiling.
For example: Beitou Hot Springs, Ximen-cho hiking area, Taipei MRT Station Warner Village、Taiwan Railway Sungai Station, Minsheng shequ fu jin street, and Taipei City Yangming Hospital.
Thus, starts the story of their 'first love'.
Gam shared the Silver Bear for Best Actress award with Viveca Lindfors at the 1962 Berlin Film Festival, for their performances in Tad Danielewski's No Exit.
During a reward on Day 34 where the five players left were allowed to talk with their family members, old Ogakor member Keith Famie asked his girlfriend to marry him, and she said yes.
」這本敘事詩開頭就寫到「阿波羅的姿態乃是夜之黑暗」……荷馬吟唱道。
He was the president of Purogamana Kala Sahitya Sangham.
Hakkında Vasafi tarafından yazılmış Tarih-i Halil Paşa adlı tercüme-i hali ve yine aynı yazar tarafından hazırlanmış ve muhaberelerini anlatan Gazaname-i Halil Paşa adlı yazma eserler İstanbul kütüphanelerinden Esat Efendi kütüphanesinde bulunmaktadır.
攻略本亦被發現與人們現實經驗類似，
The early modern period is a time from 1500 1800 (roughly).
經由英國官方研究發現，飞机方形舷窗的四个角在反复加压下出现应力集中现象，
He was Prime Minister three times during his career.
The Grangerfords are in a 30-year feud against the Shepherdsons, another rich family along the Mississippi.
The current president of the university is Michael Rao, Ph.
By the end of the winter, half of the 100 settlers had died.
除了原本的钛金属色外，TC-1还提供限量发行的黑色涂装和黑色精装版本，在外观上可以识别。
这部电视剧的背景设定在1950年代，
She says that computer could be very useful for old people because it keeps their minds active.
Witnesses say the gunman entered the Palms Hotel on McMinn Street, Darwin and used a pump-action (or sawn-off) shotgun to shoot a hotel room door. citation Around 20 shots were fired by the suspect.
There are also cases of colonization back to older islands, and skipping of islands, but these are much less frequent.
主要拍摄以女性为主体的作品，其作品多为性感的全裸及半裸的女性形象。
An adult is about 1.8 m in length and weighs 90-120 kg.
，並命名為埃爾南（Hernan）。
He released two solo albums, Open Road and Twelve Months, Eleven Days.
They have very weak muscle tone (
準教士須接受大學的哲學課程才可就讀神學院、3.
They give cultural meaning to the Australian physical landscape.
当伯尔之后了解到了他的这些声明后却说：“如果这是真的话，他就太可鄙了。”
As a child she wanted to be many things: a painter, a reporter, OR an ice skater.
在此波長下，異α-酸的吸光度最高，適合計算苦味分子的濃度。
本地區發展較早的聚落有南隘、中隘、柳子湳等，在日治初期的官方地圖上已有記載。
，當敦煌路教室落成之後才搬到現址。
Avocados have much more fat than most other fruit, but most is fat that is healthy to eat (
She directed the movie Together (1956) movie.
Between the two armories, some 700,000 muskets were produced between 1795 and 1844.
Nezihe Viranyalı, 100'den fazla paraşütle atlayış gerçekleştirdi.
Sade's books include many characters who find pleasure in cruelty, including torture and even murder.
Not wanting his tournament winnings, Harry gives all one thousand Galleons to Fred and George to start their joke shop, and returns home with the Dursleys.
Ancak kişisel gerilimler, 1991'de dağılmalarına yol açtı.
‘Hobbes' view shows progress for reconciling materialism, determinism and free will, but it is unsatisfactory.’
But the next season they failed to gain promotion to the 3. Bundesliga.
The show opened with 5.6 million impressions in its opening week.
The nature of prehistoric art.
但是，学校有权把种族作为招生的其中一个考量因素，因此加州最高法院称学校不得把种族作为招生考虑因素的这部分判决被推翻。
Each family starts with $20,000, regardless of how many sims are in the family.
In February 1938, Seyß-Inquart was appointed Minister of the Interior by Schuschnigg, after Hitler had threatened Schuschnigg.
隨著太陽每11年反轉它本身的磁場，
Often, the condemned would scream and beg the witnesses to say it was not him.
It killed eleven people.
After less than a year, the Allies entered Nazi Germany, and Germany surrendered.
Javid was the Financial Secretary to the Treasury and Economic Secretary.
Most of the cyclones were weak.
He has supervised series such as the TV Seishun Gakuen series "What's The Youth" (produced by Toho Co., Ltd., broadcast by Nippon Television), which started in 1965.
一个真正的闪米特人长着光滑、末端卷起的头发，强烈的鹰勾鼻子，厚的、向外噘起的嘴唇和发达的四肢，细的小腿和平的脚……他生长迅速，15、16岁的时候生长就结束了。
因此，辟支佛對四聖諦的智慧（dhammābhisamaya，法現觀）被論師們譬喻為啞巴的夢或文盲農夫無法以文字來形容的生活體驗。
WikiWand, Lior Grossman ve Ilan Lewin tarafından kurulmuştur.
O zamandan beri köyde bulunan kriket sahalarını Sawbridgeworth kriket kulübü kullanmaktadır.
Then they come out again in late afternoon and often eat dinner late at night.
The kingdom of Uí Néill in north Ireland took over the area called Tara, then ruled over all the other kingdoms.
其宣布參選之場地的背景飾版清楚地寫著「參選 TO RUN」，標誌著他成為特首選舉中的第四位參選人。
He started in reggaeton with Yaga duo Yaga and Mackie Ranks in 1990 with the song Tha Cream in the album of the same name.
央视对中国足球的封杀直至2010年初才告解除。
该经主要讲述了碧霞元君之来历、职司、诵经功德以及辅忠助孝、善恶果报之理。
Eser ikinci yüzyılın başlarından günümüze dek gelen Yunanca kaleme alınmış bir çalışmasıdır.
禁軍負責守衛首都與皇宮，有時會駐防各地以壓制地方藩鎮，例如後梁、後唐就以禁軍壓制、
Work began on the dictionary in 1857, but it was not until 1884 that it began to be published in parts, under the name of A New English Dictionary on historical principles; founded mainly on the materials collected by the Philological Society.
Pat Russell (December 31, 1923 – February 11, 2021) was an American community activist.
In total, the atoll consists of 39 islets(motus), which cover a surface (landmass) of about convert.
Recent estimates suggest that half the population of New York was Loyalist; it had an aristocratic culture and was occupied throughout the Revolution by the British.
He is also the Minister for the Government Communications Security Bureau and the New Zealand Security Intelligence Service.
The second way is called E2.
The commune of Diego de Almagro has an area of convert.
Therefore it remains a purely fictional idea to date.
As the name indicates, it is mainly onions that are sold on the Zibelemärit.
Gilbert fired several shots at him.
The writing style is similar to his.
Design of ASIC is gate array design, cell base design, embedded array design, standard cell design, and structured ASIC design.
In 1784 he became curate of Selborne for the last time, remaining so until his death.
The construction of the dam began in 2009.
These free computer programs can be used to calculate ballistic coefficient if other information is known.
Velázquez was very famous in his lifetime.
; afterwards it is rubbed and pulled to soften it.
These developments were completed in 2005 and the College has not undergone any significant renovations since.
The formal name of the Enabling Act was Gesetz zur Behebung der Not von Volk und Reich ("Law to Remedy the Distress of the People and the Empire").
Some people believe that the rings were caused from a moon impact or other event.
死亡在生命擬人家族main citation 中排行第二 citation 。
Computers will be about one billion times more intelligent than all human brains on earth together.
※鳴門交流道 - 津田寒川交流道間的隧道為暫定2車道的對面通行方是，上下線的隧道合計為1座。
It is also possible to see bottlenose and Risso's dolphins, and porpoises.
Generally, the production had fallen to 20% of the production of 1913.
;rotary: traffic circle.
博物馆的正式开放日期是2008年8月14日。
汽車上損壞系統基於損壞察覺類型，由汽車的數個未損毀、已損毀或消失的汽車較小的部分(車門、前方四分之一嵌板和保險捍)來表示；另一方面每一輛車的核心即使嚴重損毀視覺上亦完全不會改變。
There are two well known hellmouths in the Buffyverse.
He was a Member of Parliament for the New Plymouth electorate from 1987–1990, from 1993–2003, and again from 2003–2008.
'in oluşturduğu takım olmuştur.
Contributing to these rudder pedal inputs were characteristics of the A300-600 rudder system design and elements of the American Airlines Aircraft Manoeuvring Program.
Her job as principal is made permanent, and she fires Will.
They therefore reject the first premise, arguing that evolution is not only an alternative explanation for the complexity of life but a better explanation with more supporting evidence.
Roxx after her retirement match in December 2013.
It was directed by Timothy Bond and written by Jacqueline Giroux.
單元九：「月光寶盒」（第37－40集）
Nokia Lumia 930 是由诺基亚开发，运行 Windows Phone 8.1 操作系统的智能手机。
Doreen Mantle (born 1926) is a South African-born Webber, Richard (2006).
Among other problems, this airport would need a road through Bijarim Forest.
On 31 March, the first COVID death was recorded, in Dar es Salaam.
And it all makes sense."
S/2004 N1 is discovered.
At this time exactly what makes up the preclinical phase of Alzheimer's is still being researched, such as why some people with go on to develop Alzheimer's and others do not.
於是，諸葛亮包圍祁山，準備打下作為北伐前哨。
It is at 51° 09 North, 04° 28 East.
但由于叶受和由外人担任经理，叶家实际并无多少收入。
He asks for our address and then we give our address (Example: 123 Main Street, Anytown, USA).
Joseph-Aurèle Plourde to let them pray together in Latin.
The event was big news at the time, and the family became famously known as "the last nomads".
In some species, the polyps can also reproduce sexually.
It has an unpleasant smell.
Cambridge does very well when the quality of research is tested.
Their first single of III called "These Days" was released in November 2014.
Helen Fein Sovyetler Birliği ve Kamboçya'da meydana gelen kitlesel katliamları "jenosid ve demosid" olarak tanımlamıştır.
Mikrofilamentler ve mikrotübüller reseptörlerin kontrolünde iş görürler.
Jeff left the company in August citation and Matt left in late 2010.
The cathedral was constructed from the 13th to the 15th century.
，留下多副画作，记录了18世纪末清朝城乡官民的风貌。
He married in 1868 and had eleven children.
The movie was a commercial success, grossing $216 million worldwide.
後來眾人在「Z-13」被「月下」攻擊，消防員一人遭到槍擊而亡，另一人則是碰觸到死在戰場的「前人」而被射成蜂窩。
Kamala Devi Harris (born October 20, 1964) is an American politician and lawyer.
Douglas Sirk (April 26, 1897 January 14, 1987) was a movie director.
As the Ottoman Empire grew in size and strength, Ottoman rulers beginning with Selim I began to claim Caliphal authority.
It pulses over a short cycle of 13 hours, 36 minutes.
It is not known if all the family went or just the two boys.
Both Travis and Connor were named after two of Riordan's former students.
Some courts will have more than one judge.
亚历山大·弗雷（Alexander Frei，1979年7月15日 － ），
In response, Ofelia gets jealous sometimes.
At best, treatment can only have a very small effect on the damage that has already happened.
Gillard is a highly regarded debater, and has been described as "the best parliamentary performer on the Labor side".
It is the important city in this district for official and commercial purpose.
Copper is found in electrical wires.
The infant may open his or her mouth when the nipple is near his or her mouth.
After that, other famous stadiums began using it.
Even so, the depression spread to Europe.
The pupae are a delicacy in the Northern Area of China.
'in gelerek kendilerini uzun yıllardır süren sosyopolitik tabanlı acılardan kurtaracağını düşünüyorlardı.
Her father was an engineer and after his death in 1946, Ullmann returned to Norway with her mother and older sister, where they settled in Trondheim.
The third mosque was built around 780 AD.
Each dot beat is one minute and 26.4 seconds long.
Naturally the area would be a vast birch, pine and montane shrub forest, such as those surviving in Glen Affric.
According to Hindu legend, he has a blue neck because he swallowed a poison in order to save the universe.
He is rarely mentioned now.
's imperial government in Huế, and in September by Ho's rival communist government in Hanoi.
Illustrated with photographs from life and drawings by the author.
He cut a plea deal and narrowly got out of having to serve a long time in prison.
She has gained a reputation and has her own place in the history of Oriya fiction.
The temperature increase can be detected using a thermometer.
The player's goal is to destroy all of the enemies on the map while defending Corneria (seen in the lower left corner of the map).
The category is for articles and events specifically related to the decade of the 570s which begins in the year 570 and ends in the year 579.
You can also put meat in soups.
Oldukça eski bir yerleşim yeri olan Keli, Suriye Sınırına 2 km mesafededir.
In her youth she was known at court as Mademoiselle de Conti and had been bought up in a convent.
She called it lang ("Address to the French people, friends of law and peace").
此外公司亦設有沃爾格林健康服務分部、沃爾格林健康與全適能分部。
Romanları uzun olarak felsefik ve sosyal yönden, modern toplumun rahatsızlıklarını eleştirir (her şey genellikle, nükleer yıkımın sahteciğilinden gelir).
Red, yellow, and blue are the three traditional primary colours.
They lived a lifestyle that was more strict.
These different forms or varieties can be formed by using different amounts of the constituents.
Game Boy Color（日语：ゲームボーイカラー， 简称GBC）
He was drafted 51st overall by Vancouver and played in 260 regular season games, scoring 23 goals and 36 assists for 59 points, picking up 159 penalty minutes.
The third-place finisher took home a minimum guarantee of $10,000, while the second-place finisher was entitled to a minimum guarantee of $15,000.
It is caused by various types of mycobacteria, usually Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
He started his hockey career with Lokomotiv-2 Yaroslavl in the Pervaya Liga and played a season with them.
When Carole discovered the truth, she was able to blackmail him into signing a confession.
He published his most famous work Human action in 1949.
Finn and Rachel announced their plan to get married in May.
因全線位於二重疏洪道境內，採用疏洪道內每100公尺即設未附編號格式之里程牌，僅於起終點處設有養護告示牌。
Creepers are one of the best-known mobs in Minecraft.
Bu, padişahın diğer hükümdarlar tarafından üyeliğinin tanınmasını sağladı.
Charles Ronald Norgle Sr. (born March 6, 1937) is an American politician and lawyer.
It continues to Erith along the Green Chain Walk through Marryon Park, Charlton Park, Plumstead Common, Bostall Woods, and Lesnes Abbey Woods.
Fiesco does not tell him Maria has just died.
Bu yer bir yıl sonra şapsığlar tarafından yok edilse de, imar edilmiştir.
波軍失敗後，俄國撕毀之前說要保存波蘭領土完整的承諾，聯合普魯士開始了第二次瓜分波蘭，
It is the most popular spot in Kamakura, especially, Yabusame in September is very famous.
But, in order to not let people find out who she was, she pulled the bullets out of her own leg.
執政黨共同民主黨亦反批評國民力量，指在野黨和保守團體在選舉前夕再次展現「亡國論」，並稱在野黨指責政府秘密推動在北韓建設核電站的想像力令人不禁失笑 citation 。
It shows Wild Horse Creek in the county.
因此，"路段窄小"并不是单线铁路的充分理由。
He played 18 games and scored 5 goals for Japan until 2014.
The song was released in March 1989.
In this example, the subcontinent is moving as slowly as few inches per year but the mass of the Indian-subcontinent is very high.
Farnsworth remembered dating a scientist named Eunice and saw her sleeping with a robot.
Türk medyasına göre her iki maçın da sonucunu Yunan hakemler belirledi.
The file being written to the filesystem is no longer visible.
霍克有一個綽號叫“哭泣的總理”，
The population ia around 22 as of 2017.
球队因准备工作尚未到位错过了2013赛季的中乙联赛，但准备参加2014年的中乙联赛。
After talking with Aboriginal communities in his home region, Forrester was convinced that his people were in favour of a treaty.
David Collins had an “inexpressible hatred” for him.
However, the Indian Armed forces have held onto the heights on the plateau, preventing the Pakistani soldiers from climbing up the Saltoro range.
A bar was put in, as well as beds, a shower, a lounge area, a TV and video cassette player.
Emanuel won his second term during the run-off re-election campaign.
The athletics teams of the university are called the Rebels and Runnin' Rebels for basketball.
Nurses on whom she comes to rely are forced to leave their nursing career.
散热器是附在发热设备上的一层良好导热介质，扮演犹如中间人一样的角色，
Lived for 43 years.
He finished second in the breaststroke.
It was loaded with 15,000 tons of explosive munitions.
He decided to move via Fredericksburg.
吴季峰出生于一个文艺氛围浓厚的家庭。
It is the same animal as Anatotitan.
One morning, they take a walk in the woods while their porridge cools.
He is seen as one of the most important people in English folk music.
She is best known for the Weetzie Bat series of books.
For this reason, another way to write a date was needed.
Once a page has been output the page state is discarded to make the RIP ready for the next page.
The country is sometimes called the Republic of Ireland in order to distinguish between the territory of the Irish state and island proper, but Ireland is its official name.
Note that track has been laid part of the way towards Woolwich Arsenal (photo taken August 2008).
，太陽花學運領導人之一的陳為廷由於被媒體報導其性騷擾的過去而遭到批評 citation citation ；最後其坦承此事，並在2月25日宣布退出選舉 。
Some valleys are almost flat, like a large saucer.
小行星10850（10850 Denso）
My name is Samoset."
The county is named for the Bosque River.
İlerleyen dönemlerde ise Ermenistan, çetin Roma-Arşaklı ilişkileri çevresinde ilerleyen gelişmelere sahne olmuştur.
The Liri river flows through 2 regions and 2 provinces.
、暗物質：大尺度流動與星系分佈。
Ukraynalı gençler, Krakow ve diğer Avrupa şehirlerinin üniversitelerinde yüksek öğrenim görmeye mecbur kılındı.
It was completed in 2005.
，去质子，氮上的电子转移，水离去，
The German forces were being encircled and the German High Command wanted these reserves to help with a retreat to the Seine.
Once she had herself said: "I do or I die, but I never cancel out".
He was a six-term Mayor of Miami, from 1973 through 1985.
Cecilia says goodbye to him coolly.
It was not until 1922 that the opera was performed again.
腰下有金十斤，愿以相赠，死后请求收葬我的骸骨。”
專利家族的判斷只是第一步，由於語言的翻譯與各國審查結果的差異，基本上同一專利家族的不同專利在各國所保護的範圍是有差異的，因此進行細部專利佈局判斷或是法律狀態查核時需要進一步仔細區分。
The site is now part of the Sydney Harbour Federation Trust.
There was more media coverage and higher player salaries.
She is a Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP) for Glasgow Govan.
When talking about countries that have an alliance, people say they are allied.
It has had 112 hull-loss accidents.
He was known mostly for his part in the international collaboration Realizing Rama and the music score composed for Robert Wilson's I La Galigo.
She started her career at a young age, and became a famous actress.
This is the first game since Super Mario World (1990) that features the classic 2D play-style of the Super Mario Bros. games.
逆流式（counterflow）冷卻塔的氣流方向和水流恰好相反。
They have had several Top 10 songs on the charts.
There is no largest natural number.
期間唯一一宗投訴案由革陣提出，
The meaning of the bloodstone is courage.
There is one free camping site in the National Park at Fairhaven, 4 km up the coast road from Tankerton Jetty, where the ferry arrives from Stony Point.
自1930年代以来，研究发现统计结果由于MAUP而存在额外差异。
》（$48.7百萬）。 citation citation 第二週票房估計$29.1百萬，僅下滑36.7%，蟬聯北美雙周票房冠軍。 citation 截至2010年12月22日，《麥克邁》北美票房總計$1億42百萬，與本片製作預算$1億30百萬略為打平；國際票房$87百萬，全球票房共$2億29百萬。
Mister Kern said his son could never make money writing music.
Çünkü depremden kurtulmuş olan Gordon Cloade'un evlendiği kadın, görevli olduğu Afrika’daki dostu Underhay’ın onu terk eden eşidir.
The membrane is important because it separates the chemicals inside and outside.
東京站－馬喰町站間、秋葉原站－御茶之水站間、新金線金町站構內由JR東日本main管轄，除此以外由該社main管轄，馬喰町站－錦糸町站間、淺草橋站－秋葉原站間、新小岩信號場站－金町站為支社邊界。
飯田市的石子原遺跡亦有超過2萬2千年的歷史 : 28 。
The channel broadcast 24 hours-a-day.
It was fought several months and lead to the surrender of Granada on January 2, 1492.
It has always been held by a member of a conservative party.
He and forces the hostages to go back down into the building.
HPV'nin ortalama görülme yaşı 52 olup 35-39 ve 60-64 yaşlarında olmak üzere iki ayrı dönemde tavan yapar Güner H, Taşkıran Ç. Epidemiology of cervical cancer and the role of human papilloma virus.
Jerzy Gruza (4 April 1932 16 February 2020) was a Polish screenwriter and movie director.
MÖ 50 yılında iç savaş açıldı, ve Cato ve Brutus -babasının katili olmasına rağmen- Pompey ile beraber Rome'dan ayrıldı.
His mother was of German ancestry; his father was of Norwegian ancestry.
In the Joseon period, most attire was unified, and most Koreans dressed in a similar way.
Frets divide the neck into sections related to a musical framework.
足底肌與手掌的肌肉相似，也分為內側、外側和中間3群，但是沒有對掌肌。
They have several times developed from canid ancestors.
Kurdish emirates and tribes continued to have military power.
In fact, 25-30% of us have staph bacteria in our noses.
In any walk of the graph, the number of times one enters a vertex equals the number of times one leaves it.
As of September 2020, it had a ranking of 4.7 out of 5 stars.
Neurologist Antonio Damasio studied patients who had damage to this area of the brain.
Mughal Empire start declining after this period.
He is one year younger than the twins.
The circular muscle of the anus is usually cut or stretched.
Stereoisomerism is also called "spatial isomerism."
İkinci sezonda Charlotte Hudson da sunucular arasına dahil olmuştur.
Nearest neighbor interpolation on a uniform 2D grid (black points).
All are native only to North America.
In 2007, 13449 people lived there.
The yeti is shy, which is why it has never been found.
His first movie,Maattukkaar Mannaru, was released in 1986.
This work is often considered his best.
He was one of the creators of the 1987 Constitution of the Philippines.
His valence bond theory said that this stronger bond between different atoms is caused by the ionic effects to the bonding.
She wrote “Eternity of the Remorse” on piano at the age of eleven.
The critics also praised the new member of the band, saying that it was adequate and that he played a lot of new elements in his guitar that led to a whole new sound of the album.
It is also called the Straits of Yucatán.
The 31st century will begin on January 1, 3001 and will end on December 31, 3100.
Faith tried to fight evil, but later chose to be evil instead.
That is different from other books of quotations that list by subject.
The village is built right where the Nakdong River turns around.
His first theater production as a main character was Orebushi.
，阿斯頓維拉對西漢姆聯的一場比賽，比賽最終以1-1的比分結束。
"Venerating saints" means that Roman Catholics give special honor to saints (people in heaven) because they believe that saints can pray for them directly to God.
在薩米薩滿教中，渥爾娃女巫在施法時會擊鼓。
Specifies an extension to the SMTP service that allows an SMTP server and client to use transport-layer security to provide private, authenticated communication over the Internet.
The band can be seen as the 1960s Manfred Mann Band without the leader.
They can be used to treat repetitive behaviour, aggression, hyperactive behaviour and outbursts of anger.
Legend says she dwells in the kingdom of the snows of far north.
's "Let's Stay Together".
' was named after him.
在發生緊急情況時，當總統決定下令使用核武器，副官會把總統帶到一邊並打開手提箱，
Eleven months of internship are planned in the curriculum.
The start position that gave the largest count from this calculation was likely to be the right one.
They were not cast in any big roles for a time.
He played 193 games and scored 48 goals in the league.
'nın bazı kıyı ve adalarını ele geçirdi.
They are identical in shape and color to ancient Egyptian beads and other beads obtained from ancient cities in Baluchistan.
在揭露其計劃之後，STEM殺死了Eron並試圖殺掉Cortez。
Jan Steen'in eserlerindeki ana tema günlük yaşamdı.
In 1837 he left the service and returned to civilian life.
It also utilizes the presence of social media platforms that can effectively increase engagement and exposure that is a great way to establish brand awareness and trustworthiness.
Frémont finally went back to Washington, DC.
She's lived mostly in Europe and New Zealand.
Their first Motown single "I Want You Back" was No.1 in the US.
There, saffron is grown on 40 hectares (60% of Italian production); it also has very high crocin, picrocrocin, and safranal content.
The towns of Gayndah and Mundubbera when the Burnett River flooded on 28–29 December.
Matthew Flinders placed the name on all of the river.
During the Second War, her husband, as the President of the United States, signed an order named Executive Order 9066.
Elazığ merkezine 7 km uzaklıktadır.
On February 9, 1861, after Davis resigned from the United States Senate, he was selected to be the provisional President of the Confederate States of America; he was elected without opposition to a six-year term that November.
The winner of the race will fill in for the remainder of Abe's term as president.
However, confusion at the Allied command prevented a strong response.
生产由最初的完全原件组装（1991）、半组装（1992）最终发展为完全本地生产（1995）。
The game will launch with nine maps and six game modes.
A Brazilian company called Birdo made the mascots.
Despite having the League to bind them, at the start of the war there was no single League commander.
Böylece şarkı, Gaga'nın bu listenin ilk onuna giren dördüncü ardışık eseri oldu.
The series was an immediate success.
Transformations in slavery: a history of slavery in Africa, Cambridge University Press, p. 290.
》杂志评周星驰为“全球最热门单身男明星”
The terrorists' first demand was that thousands of copies of a "Declaration of the Croatian Liberation Forces" be scattered from the air over New York, Chicago, Montreal, Paris, London, and the site of a popular festival in Croatia.
On April 20, 2009, Reich was awarded the 2009 Pulitzer Prize for Music for his Double Sextet.
It is formed when hydrochloric acid is added in sodium hydroxide.
Consultations are carried out via radio or telephone and for serious situations, doctors are flown out to the patients.
As of 6 January 2019, Drama is re-showing London's Burning at one episode per weekday (2.20–3.20 pm Monday to Friday).
The canton of Ticino is located in the south of Switzerland.
"Tangsa and Wancho of North-East India Use Animals not only as Food and Medicine but also as Additional Cultural Attributes."
Arkansas AM&N exited in 1970 and Alabama State University entered in 1982.
Iowa State University Press.
In May 2006, a short-list of eight sites, selected from various ones submitted by local councils, was announced for the location of the Regional Casino.
Some secrete poisonous compounds that kill or drive away the parasitoid.
Bozulmuş açlık glukozu olan bazı hastalar da bozulmuş glukoz toleransı ile teşhis edilebilir, ancak çoğu bir glukoz tolerans testine normal yanıtlar verirler.
Pitchfork gave the album a score of 9.2 out of 10. citation "Reflektor" was the first single to be released from the album.
The lake is rectangular; it is 708 metres long, 364 m wide, and about 50 m deep.
卡塔马卡省（Catamarca）
Ponies can be ridden to play from the age of 5 up to 18 or even 20 years old sometimes.
After the move, more paintings were added.
導演我在水外指導怎麼演，演員在水中透過擴音器聽我說的去演。
These pages are automatically listed here, using the magic word, when their protection status does not correspond with the protection template used on them.
该游戏截图后被作为《魂斗罗》“水下八关”的证据。 citation 同年烟山软件停止新游戏开发，只留下门市部继续销售库存。
太平紳士或裁判官的人選從各個地區、各個階層挑選。
，內置320万像素自动对焦相机。
This may be referred to as 'boat speed', 'vessel speed' and, for aircraft, 'air speed'.
If you want to do battle, attack the aggressors not the victims."
同時因為與日本棒球界的深厚關係，
He was married to Sharon Sholzberg and had two children.
在這之後巴克斯特為許多電視動畫系列、節目和電影創作配樂，如電影《main》（1982年，貢獻原聲帶中的〈You Better Not Step Out of Line〉和〈Suburbanite〉二曲）、兒童節目《main》（1987年，為《Tons of Fun》一集作曲）、電影《main》（1987年，創作並製作了原聲帶中的〈Party Tonight〉和〈Can This Be Love〉二曲）、青春校園喜劇《
Oka's forces would attack from the west while Ichiki's Second Echelon would attack from the east.
During the expansion, the name Disneyland Resort was coined to refer to the entire Disney complex, while Disneyland Park was coined to refer to the original theme park.
，格拉夫的面積為0.36平方千米，當中陸地面積為0.36平方千米，而水域面積為0.00平方千米。
There are many different waveforms.
The second group mostly live in the central highlands.
Such a type of wheat sheaf knife was manufactured prior to and during World War II by German factory Gebrüder Gräfrath from Solingen under the trademark "Gräwiso".
Plisetskaya was given many awards by the Soviet Union, and by Russia.
Babası bir jinekolog olan Leopold Landau ve annesi Johanna Jacoby'di.
The Vesper bat can range from convert in length.
它的概念由僅僅存在（生存）延伸至人類的福祉與尊嚴 。
Different lists include slight variations, but generally the same core is maintained.
贾永生（1947年 － ），北京通州人，
Aristotle's ideas were accepted for hundreds of years to follow.
Historians have long shown Lincoln to have been a great statesman who worked tirelessly to build his country into something greater than it was.
The difference in size between the figures in the foreground and the figures in the background create distance in the picture.
It has 4 other members.
Soviet player Andrey Khachatoruv proposed a similar system in 1946.
The same energy releases may produce coronal mass ejections (CME), although the relation between CMEs and flares is still not known.
The Kow Swamp skeletons were returned to the area and reburied.
On 1 July, they climbed a hill that Basedow identified as both Mount Unapproachable and Mount Harris.
He was auxiliary bishop of Pudentiana and as auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Esztergom-Budapest from 2014 until his death in 2021.
補助的金額足以降低銀級計劃受保者根據他們收入遞減方式計算出來的保費。
一学期后，有进步学生被捕受害，谢无量迫离上海。
To make sure they get a fair trial, every defendant has the right to a lawyer without a conflict of interest.
In the years after 1959, the monastery again was damaged, but not as badly as other monasteries such as Ganden.
In some tumors, enlargement can occur by an increase in the number of cells together with the occurrence of some abnormally large cells.
Harbor until the colonists paid for the destroyed tea.
RIB格式文件，用PRMan渲染。
"Reich" can mean many things, empire, kingdom, state, "richness" or "wealth".
With a still life, the artist can focus more on composition and arrangement than with other forms of painting, such as landscape painting or portraiture.
As a first move this may transpose back to a QP opening: 1.c4 Nf6 2.d4.
Jews understand that this means they have special duties and responsibilities commanded by God.
In 2007, 2337 people lived there.
RBWBOYZ四人直播，2018-01-21，成員初印象：煥雄和抒澔約兩年前認識，和建熙約一年前認識，和RAVN認識約六個月，RAVN於其生日(9月2日)前一天入社，剛入社就準備參加《MIXNINE》。
The song tells the story of unreturned love.
He also appoints his daughter Azula to the rank of Fire Lord.
The first prize of AU$40,000 is awarded to the work considered the best in the show.
Manşonun etrafında çeşitli büyüklükteki delikler konumlandırılmıştır.
Amber was much valued as an ornamental material in early times, but also for religious purpose.
They get the naira notes and coins from its special printers.
They are called L1 to L5, starting at the top.
The living world is a continuum in each and every one of its aspects.
Before the 2nd arrived, Duke and his men counterattacked the Union line and routed it.
In a "Fallen Comrades" challenge, where the players were asked questions about players in the game who had been voted out, the last question was "Which female contestant has no piercings?"
He started playing football in the local clubs FC Mäder and FC Köblach in the Austrian province of Vorarlberg.
The Festina affair led to a trial in October 2000.
Thousands of civilians are killed.
At this point Wheatley did not have to do household chores anymore.
Huxley was a key figure in the modern evolutionary synthesis.
The landers gathered scientific data on the surface of the planet.
Below is a list of Urdu Poets.
This system was unreliable, because of dirt on the barcodes.
The opposite of “trusting” is “mistrust” (“to have no trust in”).
In 1946, he established Pall Corporation.
It was created by Phil Baker and Drew Vaupen.
Canada values having Inuit peoples in Canada's northernmost lands as proof of sovereignty over the Canadian portion of the Arctic Circle.
格勒諾布爾市是歐洲最大的科學中心之一，法國所有的國家研究機構皆位於此，整座城市有高達22,800位研究員，因此格勒諾布爾大學也與數百所教研機構皆有建立合作關係，
Archives.gov. National Archives, n.d. Web.
Jane toured with the circus for several months around the South before the circus went to New Orleans, left for Europe, and took her with them.
矧东西方因见生名见即不拘名，亦不着清凉、香山非二非一。
Some copper sulfide reacts with the copper(I) oxide to make copper and sulfur dioxide.
Some people think that obesity should not be treated at all.
所有的超巨星都比相同溫度的主序星更大、更明亮。
In Proceedings of the ACM 2012 conference on computer supported cooperative work (pp. 1277-1286).
Nobel ödüllü ve psikolog Daniel Kahneman, araştırmacıları, bulgularının sağlamlığını topluma açık bir mektupta kontrol etmeye çağırdı ve hazırlamanın "psikolojik araştırmanın bütünlüğü hakkındaki şüphelerin reklam yüzü" olduğunu iddia etti.
Master race is an idea that one group of people is better than all other people.
Düsseldorf is one of the cultural centres in Germany.
Women loved it.
He was known for his political commentary, including trenchant criticisms of the government led by Cambodian People's Party (CPP).
But the only source for this informaiton, the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle does not say who won.
More than 200,000 people participate in this festival, making this activity be recognized internationally.
It is dated about 510 500 BC.
He is thought of as one of the greatest conductors of the 20th century.
Onun yönlendirmesi ile ilk büyük rolünü 22 yaşında Mariinsky Tiyatrosu’nda Figaro’nun Düğünü operasında Susanna rolüyle üstlenmiştir.
Berkovich uzayı için, yukarıda verilen Julia kümesi tanımı kullanılamaz, çünkü bu uzay bir Riemann yüzeyi değildir.
，並同時公布「最受觀眾認可演員榜」由第1期開始正式開放投票，支持所選擇之演員助力衝擊年度「最佳演員」。
The first A300B4 made its first flight on 25 December 1974.
冷镦少或无使用切削加工方法，对材料的利用率高，浪费少。
所謂第三大臼齒，也即上下兩排牙齒的兩端，一共4顆牙齒，也是常說的智慧齒。
Even though Achaius and Aethelstan never fought, this story of the foundation, is given in the Royal Warrant 'reviving' the Order in 1687.
担任湖南老爹农业科技开发股份有限公司董事长。
It is called the ring-necked snake because it has a stripe around its neck that looks like a ring.
圖一、4種樣本類的一維方向模式，由左而右分別為水平（邊緣偏移類0）、垂直（邊緣偏移類1）、135度對角（邊緣偏移類2）、45度對角（邊緣偏移類3）。
Fredegund started to favor Brunhilda.
，常接載一名自稱來自永河畔拉羅什（La Roche-sur-Yon）一間建於17世紀的封德耐爾修道院（Abbaye des Fontenelles）
In addition to writing poetry, he was an excellent speaker.
Until the 1830s, the Canadian church was completely under the control of the Church of England: the Church of England appointed all Canadian bishops and all funding for the Canadian church came from the British parliament.
，他拒绝了格拉斯哥大学的邀请，于1846年参加了在大不列颠的地理考察工作，
Forests are 21% of the park.
She did not suffer any injury.
In 1950 Boeing made some details on a jet airliner which they called the Model 473-60C.
He likes the White Witch because she gives him sweets and promises to make him prince.
'ta ve New York yakınlarındaki Blue Ridge Parkway’de çekildi.
Two plants can be guessed, with some certainty: the Wild pansy and the Maidenhair fern.
X Corps' two divisions had moved between convert inland.
Shortened fiberglass fenders and sometimes more tubular steel parts are added to the car's sides.
審其精思，逆見方來，子能守之，為仙王也」。
Memoirs of the Research Department of the Tōyō Bunko (the Oriental Library), Vols.
Paloma iki tane günlük tutmaktadır.
六位玩家成功及時逃入通風道，而等候室瞬間被火焰燃盡。
Before playing in the NHL, Blinco played 2 seasons with the Windsor Bulldogs of the IHL and 1 season with the Springfield Indians of the Can-Am League.
When they married, William was second in line for the throne.
Arsenal won 6–2 on aggregate.
採用女王制度的古拉爾國北方，邊境高地住著一位15歲的少女菲莉葉·戴伊，就在第一次參加舞會的早晨，得到青梅竹馬路恩轉交的一條漂亮青石項鍊，那是菲莉葉的父親、戴伊博士所傳給女兒的信物。
Martin gives the box to the NSA officers, but quickly leaves after Crease discovers that Janek was killed the night before.
It also has 22 other member organizations located in 21 other countries.
氧化反应和还原反应总是成对同时发生，即一部分发生氧化反应的同时另一部分发生着还原反应。
Alpha Centauri is a binary star system of two stars A & B. The distance between them is quite close.
He continued to work into the 1980s.
“9.16”道路交通事故调查进展情况，确认事故造成8死6伤，事故系肇事车辆制动失灵造成，肇事司机刘某某已被依法刑事拘留。
It is used to describe the solution from the alcohol-tinted and dried beaver castor.
By increasing muscular strength and improving balance, weight training can reduce falls by elderly persons as well.
Many politicians in the PLO and Israel did not agree with the Accords.
Ancak aynı örneklem veriler serisi ile hesaplanan Spearman ρ katsayısı değeri ile Kendal'ın τ katsayısı değeri birbirinden farklı olacaktır.
辩护方对通敌行为轻描淡写，着重强调吉斯林是在为挪威的完全独立而斗争，但多数挪威人并不这么想。
East of the plain and the Shephalah is a mountainous ridge, the "hill country of Judah" in the south, the "hill country of Ephraim" north of that, then Galilee and the Lebanon mountains.
A small explosion from the primer (number 5 in the picture) lights the gunpowder.
Tatar, Russian, Mari, Udmurt and other people live here.
Giacomin grew up in Gatchell, a small town near Sudbury.
This is a tracking category for Taxonbar pages without any Wikidata taxonomic identifiers, either manually input on Wikipedia, or on the linked Wikidata item.
The body of World War I's Unknown Soldier was received here.
The victory was short-lived, and soon afterwards the Romans defeated the rebels and set about building a new walled town.
Tracks from Apple Music.
Evidence for dialectal variation is found in texts from the Spring and Autumn period (722–479 BC).
：明世宗嘉靖三十七年（1558）九月选为裕王继妃，明穆宗隆庆元年（1567）册为皇后。
The village has been of vital importance in maritime history.
However, the defeat shattered the myth of Ottoman invincibility.
Okulun açılmasıyla birlikte idari personele yapılan saldırılar da tekrar başlamıştır.
Possible relationships between cetaceans and other ungulate groups.
As Krishnagiri District has 2,02,409 hectares of forest land which constitutes 39% of the total geographical area, there are abundant produce from the forest areas.
He believed the number of atoms is infinite.
San Fierro Rifa bölgede ciddi güvenlik önlemleri almıştı.
，顾名思义，该算法引入了A*搜寻算法，将两者的优点结合起来。
Nearly thirty percent of the population of the Empire was killed.
It is on the south side of K-254 in south-central Kansas.
突风进化（Blast Evolution）是指短时间的一种临时进化，进行突风进化的究极体可以变形为更加强大的究极体形态。
He was named to the All-NBA Second Team seven times.
He was a member of In Flames from 1993 until 1997, when he quit to find another job.
Guerin played 1 season with the Blues.
第二次世界大戰中的海戰經驗讓英國人明白，皇家海軍需要建立較為強大的防空火力與海空戰火力，而這一切需要航空母艦來應對 Robbins, The Aircraft Carrier Story, p. 91 Ireland, Aircraft Carriers of the World, p. 172 。1941年中期，海軍展開了新一輪航空母艦的建造或設計，并取消了以往直接建造航母的思路。
The third and final logo released is the first since WrestleMania XV to make use of the classic font from the first fifteen WrestleMania events.
Kırışıklıkları azalmış, dinçleşmiş hatta cinsel iştahı da artmıştır.
; instead he would spread the wealth among the conquering Mongolians.
He wants to cause discord among Zeus, Poseidon and Hades.
此外，檳椥省的椰子奶餅很出名。
武器和食料等項目相當多樣，使人能感受到其真實感。
The present time brought the rules as if the Eastern boxing, especially the gloves, the things that keep safe, the rounds and the ring.
A weather map is a tool.
亞洲籃總將亞洲分成六分區，每個分區都有基本名額1~2席：
The Japanese Kokuka Courageous and Norwegian Front Altair were attacked with limpet mines or flying objects, causing fire damage to both ships.
Derby Mercury 11/6/1856 reported ten years service From here he exchanged letters with Sir William J. Hooker Director of the Kew Botanic Gardens.
Simon and his daughter are left alone on stage at the end of the act.
由此可知，L-system為正規文法所產生出的語言的子集合。
Larry caused $53.4 million in damage and it killed 5 people.
其他受欢迎的美食包括Nasi Tumpang、Etok、Apom、Akok、Lompat tikam、Netbak、
Daegu has a herbal medicine market located in a street 1 kilometre long.
In his family, only his father has been seen and it's there may be something more to him than what has been seen so far.
此案亦是明朝中期宦官干政的一個表現。
另外，还有一处海上救援机场，位于烟台蓬莱市。
部分替代ICE短跑手的ICE钟面运行图班次每小时开行1班。
Being and time.
Other important factors are, for example, voltage regulation and number of connectors.
The main Hellenistic theatrical form was not tragedy but 'New Comedy', comic episodes about the lives of ordinary citizens.
Eight national teams participated–seven which qualified from earlier stages, plus England, which received an automatic berth as the host nation.
They are usually small.
Shan't和should在以下用法：I should be happy if.
It is played on fields or pitches of 70 meters long by 50 meters, wide with sidelines, a half-way line and In goal areas.
Devolved assemblies depend on the parent body.
Dünyada yaklaşık 24 milyon insanın anadil olarak Hollandaca konuştuğu tahmin edilmektedir.
In 476 the Goths captured the capital.
' Accessed 2 Dec 2007. citation 或腦組織的受累可能會導致進一步的症狀和功能的改變。
While she lived in New York she attended the High School of Performing Arts.
Yayınlara açık erişim sağlayan yayıncılardır.
Şüphesiz hastalıklar lenf düğümlerini özellikleri ve yerleşim yerleriyle etkilerler.
Selena announced that she could no longer trust Saldivar and Selena tried to leave.
A black mamba in a defensive position.
It is the French speaking part of the canton.
受黑暗天才公司的命令去活捉小老鼠型態的斯朗，能夠噴水作攻擊，被斯朗擊倒。
These are not done only for contraception, but they are done for other reasons.
's (LTA) proposal named "A World Class Land Transport System" in 1996 showed that the government wanted to greatly expand on the existing system.
确定了中国疟疾和丝虫病的主要蚊虫媒介。
以全盤西化論為代表，對西方的盲目推崇已經達到瘋狂的程度，
The flagship campus is UP Diliman.
In a healthy adult person, about 10 11 –10 12 new blood cells are produced daily to keep steady state levels in the blood circulation.
同時左手亦出現月牙的標誌，代表著六道「陰之力」。
Meanwhile, Terry tried to tell some Casaya members to vote with La Mina, but no one would say yes.
Dusty Johnson is the representative since elected in 2018.
", konbini (katakana:コンビニ) which is a shortening of "
She played the lady-love of the main male character in the profit-making Hindi action movies Baaghi 2 (2018) and Bharat (2019).
Some guess that the number of Michif speakers is about 1,000.
The storm killed 19 people.
在第4集先以國際問題開場，除了探討日本首相名字的問題外，
The state capital is Puerto Ayacucho.
Bush later publicly stated "I regret that a private comment I made to the vice presidential candidate made it through the public airways.
John Patrick Murtha Jr. (main; June 17, 1932 – February 8, 2010) was an American politician.
The exhaust smells a bit like french fries.
They protect ships and coastal installations.
O zamanlar pahalı olan 4 günlük kapak fiyatına rağmen, her sayı, haber standlarına ulaşır ulaşmaz tükendi.
Allied warships bombed the invasion beaches while U.S. carrier aircraft bombed Japanese forces on the target islands and destroyed 15 Japanese seaplanes at their base near Tulagi.
When she was 16 the photographer Herbert Tobias gave her the name Nico.
郭克時與莫理斯和卡爾-桑德斯展開初步討論以後，
It will be hotter than when it was fusing hydrogen.
The town of Yangshuo, with the Li River flowing past it.
She was a planner for the city of Oakland, CA, USA.
The word comes from "
In sledge hockey it is from 12 to 20 minutes.
Some use the words "last ascent" as a joke for a way that was no pleasure and no one wants to do it like the first climbers.
马勒对存留下来的草稿进行了润色和配器，结合了韦伯其它作品中的段落，还加了一些自己创作的内容 。
The next day, one of the hired electricians named Gary Smith found Kurt’s body lying in the greenhouse, and called the police.
寶拉參與了這次短劇的演出，并隱晦地回應了克裡的指控不實。
After his player career he started as coach of the amateur squad of Rapid.
When Howland told him she just brought the aircraft in, Atta turned his back and walked away.
It was at located at Grosse Hamburger Strasse 17. This Berlin club was small club for touring bands.
校园占地面积1150亩，校舍建筑面积40.
Figure 1.3 Normal stress in a prismatic (straight member of uniform cross-sectional area) bar.
He was best known for his hyper-realistic works.
Nicholson also has the nomination record for men with 12 nominations.
一些成年口吃者在说话时，听觉皮层的一些区域欠活跃。
的人物，同时请参见：1453年逝世。
There is one additional figure (the 24-cell) which has no three-dimensional equivalent.
Many immigrants (many of which were German) came to Kansas in the 20th century.
It was introduced in 1953.
Şarlman onu koruması altına alarak Roma'ya getirdi.
It then runs eastward.
》 播出期間，從服務將近20年的日昇動畫離職 ，
Those leaders vote for the president.
Many Thousands Gone: The First Two Centuries of Slavery in North America.
In pradal serey, people use punches, kicks, elbow attacks and knee attacks.
That same year, during the Giro d'Italia, was found to have used drugs and disqualified.
In fact, Cornwallis had secured a commission to replace Clinton if Clinton repeated his threats to resign.
For example, people consider the bottom of the foot a person's lowest end, and the top of the head a person's highest end.
Faye Urban was the last woman to reach the women's singles final, after her win in 1969.
South Tyrol is the most common name for the province in ancient English.
Conflict between the House of Keys (popularly elected after 1866) and the Lieutenant Governor came to a head when Lord Raglan was Lieutenant Governor between 1902 and 1918.
，2007年改稱為現代Rotem。
The agreement was between the pro-slavery and anti-slavery groups in the United States Congress, mostly about the regulation of slavery in the western territories.
This list is incomplete.
東屋門口就是壽富兄弟死節之處，林紓拜奠後謁見崔夫人，得知壽薰家的惡奴正在圖謀侵吞遺產。
After Malcolm Turnbull was removed as Prime Minister by the Liberal Party he resigned from the Parliament.
中国高等学校中的中国科学院院士传略.
A cloud gets a very huge charge by clashing with other clouds.
Pandora means "all-giving", but not "all-gifted."
該書的法語原文在十九世紀時撰寫。
Ali Kirunda Kivejinja (12 June 1935 – 19 December 2020), more commonly known as Kirunda Kivejinja, was an Ugandan politician.
然而於1810年後，法俄關係開始惡化，俄國遂停止對英戰爭。
She later came to change the earth and make it peaceful.
Rain gauges must be sited in as representative a location as possible, but the choice of location is difficult, since many precipitation events are highly aggregate.
There he won a stage and became overall second, after his team mate Bjarne Riis.
，他们蕴藏着与「后裔」同等的力量。
McHale made a guest appearance on the finale of Last Comic Standing sixth season, when he recapped the show's events in his typical format of jokes made popular on The Soup.
Su, hava, böcekeler gibi maruz kalınan faktörler cesedin ayrışmasının hızlandırıcı etki yaparlar.
"Star turn in global success", The Canberra Times, 1 July 2006, p B02.
Bu görevinin yanı sıra İzmir İdadisi’nde fizik, kimya ve geometri dersleri verdi.
The district has 1 urban county, 2 towns, 1 large village and 35 villages.
These railways were closed in the 1960s in the Beeching Axe.
The name refers to the Allaine River which runs through the municipality.
Linda Andersen, because they believed it would be "fast and spectacular".
It was established in 1625A.
由該道路向西南西可前往大坡、後庄、蚵間、羊寮並止於桃園市、新竹縣交界處的洋寮港橋，
Most are now in private collections or scrapped.
The next day he made sure he would get paid the insurance money.
These are written papers about musical theory.
Wetland ecosystem management and restoration: an international perspective in Everglades: the ecosystem and its restoration.
到雍熙四年，范杲因家貧，已經欠人錢數百萬，
On November 1, 1979, the Quebec government released its constitutional proposal in a white paper titled Québec-Canada: A New Deal.
Valeria Solovieva and Maryna Zanevska were the defending champions but did not enter the junior competition this year.
It serves major airports in South Sudan.
Pink sunset on the Loire.
Whilst UK-focused, Capita also has operations across Europe, Africa and Asia.
Edmonton has many interesting places to visit.
Samarina is located on Mount Smolikas, the highest of the Pindus range and the second-highest mountain in all of Greece, at an altitude of 1380–1515 meters.
張琼瑤曾在多個決策局及部門服務，
The derivative at the point is the slope of the tangent.
His legacy has been cemented through his representation in the Arabian Nights.
In his first year he played regularly, but in his second year he had problems with his knees.
」Jesus及「期待」的古英語字Ween），使信徒得以在萬聖夜當晚可以參與另類活動 citation ；又鼓勵信徒在小朋友前來索取糖果時，
溧阳余桥至溧阳西互通段规划利用中关村大道（建成于2013年 citation ）。
，咱人話＂加南描＂（Calamba City）
On 16 January 2020, Liang became unwell and had a fever and chills.
The Bush administration maintained it was not bound by the constitutional test outside of the United States.
The Saint John River and Grand Lake are major landmarks in the county.
Small units of the U.S. 2nd Battalion of the 119th Regiment attacked the Kampfgruppe Peiper during the morning of 21 December.
In the games, Sonic will die if he is attacked without rings, but with more rings, he can survive.
When Hunico got injured, Camacho went back to NXT and attempted to collect a $5,000 bounty that was promised to anybody that could put Big E Langston "on the shelf".
He thought as well that the remoteness and desolation of the reservation would discourage white settlement.
On 17 February 2011, the Seoul Central District Court dismissed SM Entertainment's injunction against the three members, filed in April 2010 for damage compensation.
It was also made by Ricoh.
In September 2020, he signed with Vissel again and became an assistant coach.
Mirza then competed in the BNP Paribas Open where she lost in the second round to Flavia Pennetta.
İlk kayıt 4 Ağustos-20 Ağustos 2004 tarihlerinde Lena ile Moskova'da yapıldı.
梁久让（1920年2月－1992年），曾用名张剑平。
與西方結盟可證明中國大陸的價值，西方將以資金技術回報。
Batman made its first appearance in 1939 in Detective Comics No. 27. Daniels, Les.
Bunun üzerine, Pidgey ve Pidgeotto'ları, Fearow'un bir başka saldırısından korumak için Pidgeot'un sürüyle birlikte kalmasını teklif eden Ash, yakında yeniden görüşecekleri ve Pidgeot'u geri alacağı sözünü verdikten sonra Pidgeot'u ardında bırakmıştır.
此基金會並且負有提升司圖加特河谷的空氣品質之任務。
They are usually called SSRIs.
可見生食論述的部分無法闡釋怎樣程度的飲食方式是「健康」的。
同時在南線的意大利，原本繆拉在1814年拿破崙第一次倒台前，與反法同盟協議保留他在那不勒斯的王位，但是繆拉在拿破崙回歸後再次倒向拿破崙，發動了那不勒斯戰爭。
的子空間，其中 是任一非零的線性映射。
Often the lyrics are about hallucinations.
"Walsh, a Wichita, Kansas, native who grew up in Columbus, Ohio, New York City and Montclair, New Jersey, before attending Kent State University, has the time to do this tour because the finishing touches are still being put on the Eagles' new disc."
In scene VII, Macbeth and an English Lord fight, and Macbeth says he cannot be killed by anyone born of a woman.
The canton is well connected to the rest of Switzerland.
Flightless rails endemic to islands have lower energy expenditures and clutch sizes than flighted rails on islands and continents.
However, Alan appealed to Archbishop Robert of Rouen (they were both his nephews).
For example, it is difficult to agree to whether concepts like God, the number three, and goodness are real, abstract, or both.
So far, the Union had lost about 9,000 men including about 3,000 who had been captured.
It may be dead, or just dormant.
Silicon, though is cheaper.
The Case for Peace: How the Arab-Israeli Conflict Can Be Resolved.
，而地鐵將月台的頭和尾用磚牆封掉，只留下約 60 米的月台位置，
There are many rare and different plants and animals which tell the story of Australia's great age.
He ordered carrots, tomatoes, potatoes, eggs, etc."
He became cruel and angry, executing people in revenge, and taking away the freedom of people.
The pattern does not match along the seams, and can be small or very large.
These species have to tolerate the pounding of waves, the changes in temperature, and the drying out at low tide.
By the night of September 14, 1862, Lee was no longer following his plan of attack.
The dizziness usually makes children feel like they are moving or spinning, or that the inside of their head is moving or spinning.
Farhand started his career as a Remote Sensing analyst at NGIS Australia in 2004 and from 2006 spent time in Alxa League, Inner Mongolia as part of an Australian Aid project to help manage overgrazing programs.
The first locks and keys were made of wood and other easily accessible materials and they provided the small safeguard against theft or break-in.
Pauline's father Albert and mother Lou Beale are both dead.
He was best known as the founding member of rock band LRB. citation He was a member of the band Feelings and later he joined the band Souls as lead guitarist.
Bu boşluk, etraftaki su molekülleri tarafından çok ani bir şekilde doldurulur, içeri doğru patlama diyebileceğimiz bu şok dalgası ile beraber meydana gelen su jeti hemen komşu metalden atomal boyutta küçük parçacıkların kopmasına neden olur.
Benefits include a reduction in self-harm behaviour and suicidal ideas.
Meanwhile, Obi-Wan Kenobi discovers the army of clone troopers made in the Planet Kamino, which, according to the makers, was ordered by a Jedi Master who was killed ten years back.
A small number of hobby thinkers have thought so much about philosophy that they are able to write articles for philosophy magazines.
Cider apples are usually too tart to eat immediately.
Because of this, Gebhard was exiled for nine years, but was allowed to return shortly before his death and was buried in Admont.
The city president is Mamdouh Mohammed Hagrus.
The North Carolina Maritime Museum is in Beaufort.
This is sometimes called a managed float.
车站于2017年1月开工 citation ，2020年9月27日开通运营 citation 。
Bernhard asked the director whether he could borrow a difficult maths book to read, so the director lent him Théorie des Nombres (Theory of Numbers) by Legendre.
She is shown wearing a pink dress and a crown on her head of yellow hair.
The Chicago Board of Trade Building is currently the 37th tallest building in Chicago.
In the sanctuary is Victoria Peak, the highest point in Belize, at 1120 meters (3,675 feet) above sea level.
He received many honours, including the Légion d’honneur and the Knight of the Order of Oranje Nassau.
・1997年12月號－2002年7月號），單行本全7卷。
Her body was kept at Burhanpur in a walled pleasure garden known as Zainabad.
In 1912, Bhagat joined the District Primary School in Lyallpur and recieved his elementary education there till class IV.
然而，版籍奉还之后高松城被废弃，明治时代以来被都市化的浪潮所影响，现在城堡的北侧经过填海并建造道路（main），大量的建筑物被拆除，大部分的堀也被填埋，只余内堀和中堀的一部分。
The Rumble Pak is a device that allows the Nintendo 64 controller to have rumble.
毛绒绒出生于80年代，是个不折不扣的八零后女青年。
，黃毓民和周榮澤擔任每次賽事後的《賽馬結果》節目。
This is how the stables were washed clean.
However, this is not the usual use of the term "reflex".
The Steinitz Papers: letters and documents of the first world chess champion.
It premiered on October 22, 2020 with the episodes "A Place for Pets" and "Lockdown for Love".
However, Chinese dialects other than Mandarin are not allowed in the media, so these dialects are quickly dying out.
Sekhar Basu (20 September 1952 24 September 2020) was an Indian nuclear scientist.
This was Mayr's most characteristic idea.
他演过的角色包括模仿弗莱德·罗杰丝以及电影《小淘气》里的角色巴克韦特。
Along the park's borders however, these are known as Central Park North, Central Park South, and Central Park West, respectively.
As of 31 December 2018, 657 people lived there.
In English, the Bignose shark is also known as the "Knopp's shark".
Road entries are sorted in alphabetical order by country.
He was the top-rated British-trained two-year-old of 2017.
If and how often people masturbate depends on many things.
因而裏面一些區域的雕飾品只能從法國藝術家Jacques Carrey在1674年的畫作中得知。
Webroot, tüketiciler ve işletmeler için internet güvenliği hizmeti sağlayan şirket.
The Chipmunks and Miles rest at an old tree, and he reveals that his father left him when he was five years old, causing the four to bond and see each other in different lights.
" for this reason.
Aşağılandıktan sonra, kurbanlar bir daha asla kurban olmak istemezler ve gruplara katılarak imajlarını yeniden kazanmaya çalışırlar.
White, Middle Ground, 276. The Native Americans were not unified, however, and in June 1761, Native Americans at Detroit informed the British commander of the Seneca plot.
He accompanied the body to Rome, where he offered games to honour his memory.
Many lakes can be found throughout the Jura department.
From 3000-1900 BC, the Amber Routes ran from Moravia, France and Austria to Russia, England and Spain.
印度尼西亞第一任總統索卡諾已經違背了他在1948年6月16日作出的承諾，亞齊將被允許按照已有數個世紀的宗教價值觀來統治亞齊。
The show ran from 2009 to 2014.
系列赛完成度达25%、50%、75%和100%时，玩家获赠R$和金币。
，它們是消閒娛樂區，以餐飲業為主，
Eğitim felsefesi ise konunun toplumsal yönünden ziyade insanlık açısından eğitime yaklaşır.
It is sometimes called a rotary engine.
He created the flag of Ghana.
He also challenged the constitutionality of the Gag Rule in Congress and saw through its removal in 1844 after an eight-year struggle against it.
He came as far as Abernethy but Malcolm wanted peace.
Upon his death in 323 BCE, his empire was divided among his generals.
She joins the squad and eventually becomes captain.
It is also one of the oldest writings in Sanskrit language.
He is an analyst on the television show Inside the NBA.
Moshulu finally sailed to Port Victoria for cargo.
There are four times as many grass species as there are umbellifers, but there are twice as many leaf-miner species on the umbellifers.
明初为泰宁卫辖地，隶属大宁都司，永乐四年（1406年），增设木答里山卫，
He competed at the 1998 Winter Paralympics.
Similar phrases like "hush", "shush", or "shush up" are similar to the "shut up" command.
He was a member of the silver medal winning 1956 United States Olympic ice hockey team.
It functions as a moderating force in the islands, keeping temperatures hovering between convert throughout the year.
Midwives were restricted from smoking while on duty.
Others are many tunnels and rooms that connect to each other.
Its history has been one of subsistence living until the early 20th century (people lived from what they could get from the land or the sea).
第四次忍界大戰時期，擔任忍者聯軍總參謀，曾阻擋鳴人前去戰場，後說服第四代雷影允許八尾殺人蜂與漩渦鳴人參戰。
是美國唯一一家專攻傳媒的院校；保持著“小而精的信念。
But George still blocked a proposal in 1800 by the British Parliament to allow Catholics to sit in Parliament.
It is located in Upper New York harbor, north of Liberty Island (
On 6 May 1985, Murmansk was formally called a Hero City (which is a title awarded to cities in the Soviet Union that performed outstanding heroism during WW2).
Anderson was born in Camden, Ohio.
Edmund sneaks off to visit the Witch while they are at the Beaver's house.
Vancouver is north of Portland, Oregon and shares a similar climate: wet from November through June and dry from July through October.
Both numbers are odd.
Ophelia hates slavery, but has a deep prejudice against blacks.
Chiyuki Fujito'nun Paris Collection modellerinden biri olmak gibi bir hayali bulunmaktadır.
They called the port Menestheus's port.
"Promote the general welfare" is the basic goal of all governments.
In 2010, 1,410 people lived there.
The city is in the Central East Anatolia Region.
He refused to accept the borders stated by the treaty.
Armies used signal drums and bugles as signals for centuries.
While walking home with his friend, Bertha, he sees a girl, Talia following them.
; the number four seeds are the 2009 WTA Champions Nuria Llagostera Vives and María José Martínez Sánchez with Cara Black and Anastasia Rodionova seeded fifth heading the field.
KFC says this will make the console "the most powerful console for generations to come."
Halliday (1975) erken çocukluk dönemiyle ilgili yedi dil işlevi tanımlar.
The government sent extra police and a magistrate to the town.
許廷鏗於8月16日舉行首個個人音樂會，亦是出道時間最短舉行音樂會的新人，
Most of the Lapp people now live on small farms in one of the four nations of Lapland.
但現在由於經常性開台遲到，令收台時間延遲，導致常常未有朗讀潮文就結束。
此外，1920年8月，领导建立了上海社会主义青年团。
由散水崖、散水瀑、散水潭组成。
However, Booker T won the Battle Royal, as he eliminated Chris Masters.
Its head is known as the Health Secretary.
She was born 29 April 1977.
This made many people from Pithole leave to live in those places.
The fruits are gathered before they are ripe, and dried carefully.
She obeys her parents.
Rommel's defensive measures were made difficult by arguments over how to use armoured forces.
Bu sırada Marx sosyalist Alman İşçilerinin Eğitim Derneği ile yoğun biçimde ilgilendi.
由於香川縣地區的降雨較少，平均只有1,200公釐，
在大多数情况下，一支舰队的司令总是认为他的舰队火力越大越好。
Filmin/romanın kahramanı Holly ne zaman karamsarlığa kapılsa, günün hangi saatinde olursa olsun, soluğu bu mücevhercinin vitrininin önünde alır, ayaküstü kahvesini içip sandviçini yerken pırlantaları seyreder.
His fascination with colour symbolism and psychology continued as he grew.
This usually allows the program to run faster.
’da da yaşanmıştır, evli olanları diğerlerinden ayırmak için "Frau" ve "Fräulein" kelimeleri kullanılmıştır.
Location of Colwood in the province of British Columbia.
先是其妻卒于金陵，富商有愿予女者，资数万，拒不受。
The first number is the dividend (6), and the second number is the divisor (3).
He invested Elizabetta's money in a grocery store and in a merchant ship which brought them good returns.
，被回鹘打败，次年（1008年）三月，党项军队进攻凉州，见吐蕃部兵盛，不敢攻讨，惧而转攻甘州回鹘，又为其伏兵所败，被宰杀殆尽，几乎全军覆没。
這些案件有：羅伯特·甘迺迪、雪倫·泰特、共生解放軍的槍戰、
She is buried in the nearby churchyard of St Mary's, Cholsey.
In Nigeria acarajé is named Akara, and the women who sell it call out "Akara je", which means "Come and eat Akara" in Yoruba.
The movie, however, made lots of money.
Bursa is home of Uludağ University.
Trojan Quest: Players can pick between four heroes, each with a different weapon, to kill enemy skeletons and evil monsters.
The inspector Theo Kojak investigates a crime in which a woman is accused of murdering her own children.
Bu sefer 4 yıl tutuklu kaldı.
However, the military was segregated; black officers even had to enter some military bases through separate entrances from white officers.
It was based on ideas that were part of his novel, Neuropath.
It replaced an earlier monument built of stone in 1897.
Canids of the tribe Canini (wolves, dogs, coyotes and others) are called "canines".
法，形式要言之有序），而義理主要指孔孟、
The streets are not officially called The Royal Mile in terms of legal addresses.
When I was about an hour away from my first gig, I still didn't have a name, so I thought "Okay, I'll be Florence Robot is a Machine", before realizing that name was so long it'd drive me mad".
It was released on August 27, 2003.
In 1974, he ran for Senate as a Democrat.
Orhun ve Yenisey yazıtlarının bu yayını acele ile hazırlanmış bir eser olduğundan okuma ve açıklama yanlışları ile doludur.
These meristems cause secondary growth, or an increase in width.
In 2014, the film SlingShot was released, which showed Kamen's quest to use his machine to fix the world's water crisis.
Her father was an architect, and her mother was an interior decorator.
）的回忆，她把桃花的身份由舞女误解成了妓女，
Sığ tatlısu havzalarında, ekili arazilerde, bataklık ve lagünlerin kıyılarında ve otlaklarda yaşarlar.
胎儿体内循环的血液，都是动脉血与静脉血的混合，只是混合成分的比例不同。
，對大陸任何事皆有成見，自然與鄭碩男水火不容；雙方經常發生衝突，夾在中間的伍衛國因而深感左右為難、難以做人。
She played all 6 matches and Japan won the 3rd place.
The Silk Mill was visited by many tourists.
Some people in Indigenous communities think "squaw" is offensive.
He has edited or written more than a dozen books with other writers.
此外，大邱機場在東南亞地區也是有直航班機，其中包括卡利博、宿霧、曼谷、峴港、河內和芽庄航線。
Antigravity cap (fail): Henry puts on an antigravity cap, floats up over the Museum, but then cannot turn it off (Fail message: You're lucky!
自90年代起，由於無粉手套已經很容易取得，提出取締有粉手套的聲音在醫學界不絕于耳。
Before 1961, Australia did not have a national number for emergency services; each of the different emergency branches (police, fire department or ambulance) had their own number.
Some times it is called Mirpur Stadium.
He was born in Rocca San Casciano, Italy.
La Palma has an area of 708 square kilometres (273 sq mi) making it the fifth largest of the seven main Canary Islands.
Lady Liberty (Italian: La mortadella) is a 1971 Italian French comedy movie.
In September 1991, the Srpska Demokratska Stranka (SDS) began to create areas in Bosnia-Herzegovina that were ruled only by Serbs.
It discovered the charm quark, the quark structure inside the protons and neutrons and the tau lepton (3 Nobel prizes).
As a result, the 2010 Grand Prix will be held at Suzuka.
Gelfand was up to the task, and then won the blitz playoff 2–0 to advance to the final.
自由時報.2012-08-30 吳思瑤、八頭里仁協會與北投地方人士一同啟動「新北投車站回娘家」計畫，申請成立台北市首創的古蹟公益信託基金，發起「一人一塊錢買回車站」募款活動，除了募集車站歸鄉基金，還能讓民間與政府共同永續經營車站，並且在新北投捷運站外架設信託基金看板，設定目標金額為19,160,401元，也就是車站當年完工的日期，希望於車站百歲（2016年）前迎回車站。
Second is Australian Reptile Park.
Pamuk is a post-modernist writer.
It stood 5.5 m (18 ft) tall at the shoulder, with a total height of 8 m (27 ft).
'e bölgede herhangi bir nükleer güç gösterisi veya test yapmaması konusunda ısrar etmiştir.
'nde Wenut adıyla da bilinen, ölüler kitabında geçen bir tanrıçadır.
Massa had previously tested with Ferrari in 2003.
Yellow represents counties won by Villaraigosa.
By the time of Shakespeare and other Elizabethan poets, Puck had become a combination of English folklore and English country life.
、J Brand、亞絃睿飾品（Accessorize）。
He is a two time MVP and three-time champion.
由於人口增加，如今桕子林地區已細分為多個里。
Today the phrase implies "make it happen" or "get things done".
而全球票房依舊慘澹，最終只獲得約2.
They would go to church every Sunday to get food.
When ready, this "Death Ball" is thrown towards the target.
风暴过去后，食品和医疗物资迅速耗尽 。
該處理器基於全新的酷睿微架構，雖然時脈大大降低，但在效率方面和性能方面有了重大改進。
，并能够辨别代表死亡、抓获、捕捉者的标志。
It is known that he left a widow with two children.
含 义：校徽标志为一本打开的书，下为澎湃之水，象征汕头大学是建立在海滨邹鲁的高等学府。
In Japan, Rica Matsumoto is the voice of Ash.
Lankesh was shot to death by unknown assailants outside her home in Rajarajeshwari Nagar on September 5, 2017 at the age of 55. citation citation At the time of her death, Gauri was known for being a critic of right-wing Hindu extremism.
。 citation 2019年9月撤销，
He is the CEO of Financial Advisory at Lazard.
He retired in November 2017. citation He was born in Płock.
They are famous for their hit single "Handlebars".
如今的喪服只有分辨親屬關係的功能，一般只有直系卑親須要「帶孝」，故名為「孝服」；旁系卑親不太要求帶孝，
Henry Heth. citation They took their positions on the ridge behind Falling Waters after marching all night.
The lake began to dry up, and as the water evaporated, the lake became saltier.
Ran Mori became Rachel Moore, while her father became Richard.
As a matter of fact, one study showed that after one year, the subjects who learned Chinese using Pinyin could more accurately speak Mandarin with tones than those who learned using GR.
The trail is about 17.5 feet above street level at its highest point.
Shrink ray (fail): Henry fires a shrink ray at himself, which shrinks him down.
，授戶部主事，改外務部主事、軍機處章京。
The warp threads are white.
The 61st Berlin International Film Festival will be held 10 to 20 February 2011.
He founded (started) the English Anglican church.
"Dique 2" nin yapımı, 1891.
The high was almost 300,000 people in 1970, and the low was under 250,000 in 1995.
Sometimes if a doctor thinks a person has atherosclerosis she may do tests to find atherosclerosis before it causes symptoms of ischemia or infarction.
World Book Advanced, World Book, 2018, https://www.
It is no longer a royal residence and is today a museum.
It brings many graces, or blessings and good things, to the person who receives it.
She was born in Izmir in 1977.
He served as an MEP from 1996 to 2004.
Internal bleeding cannot be seen, because it is inside the body.
后为振兴商业，法国人鼓励越南和华族商人移民老挝，
Really big ant colonies are sometimes called superorganisms.
Screaming Bloody Murder was released on March 25, 2011.
Bu arada eşinden ayrıldı.
，人數由2005年的每100萬人有4人願意捐贈，增至每100萬人有7人 願意捐贈器官 citation 。
She won five Olympic medals in 1964, 1968 and 1972 and five European Championships medals in 1966 and 1970.
SC Bern is the defending champions.
The XM25 in AA will be an assault weapon that fires an Airburst round using a special launcher.
In his reply, Reverend Villars tells her about Evelina's history.
They are awarded by online periodical Video Business and The Digital Entertainment Group.
The sisters also received training by Sachiko Honda.
Astrid Lindgren first thought of Pippi Longstocking in 1941.
The remains of the operating mechanisms for the chain are still visible in Dartmouth castle.
Fort Scott is named for Gen.
There are also violent storms.
The auction made him £111 million ($198 million), breaking the record for an auction by a single artist.
On 23 January 2009, all the unites of ownership from Cegedel S.A. and Saar Ferngas AG were transferred to Soteg S.A., which made restructuring with retrospective effect on 1 January 2009, giving birth to a new energy group.
Computing the action of the matrix exponential, with an application to exponential integrators.
The air in this case is moving because of the rotation of the fan.
One group was first asked to think about what it would mean to be a professor.
Pre-legislative Scrutiny: Joint committee of both houses review bill and vote on amendments that government can accept or reject.
It means "Forward Angola!"
They also built walls for a town nearby.
台中市公車282路目前行駛自亞洲大學安藤館到桐林，
該片以850萬美元的製作預算，全球收益總得超過6,200萬美元。
Series 7000 communications satellites.
The Great Lakes region includes the five lakes and many thousands of smaller lakes, often called inland lakes.
Fans of the movie consider it a cult movie.
It has inhabitants, and a population density of inhabitants per km².
Geç-seçim deneyi ve kuantum silme, çift-yarık deneyinde dedektörlerin yarıklardan başka yerlere yerleştirilmiş çeşitleridir.
But he said that his kingdom was "not of this world".
The Notation of Polyphonic Music 900–1600, fifth edition, revised and with commentary.
Mauna Kea means 'white mountain' because in winter it often has snow at the summit.
据《吕李姓源碑》载，其先祖是元末菜农，因向明军报信而立功，
South Africa has also developed into a big wine maker.
The University has a budget of 166 millions of euros in 2011.
Then he invaded Norway (which was owned by Denmark at the time.) and was shot and killed there.
The abnormal gene weakens or even destroys the collagen rod. citation This disease was first identified by Vrolik in 1854.
时望日重，转任河州刺史、大中正。
He then created Mickey Mouse.
Boog and Elliot ransack the Puni Mart, causing a mess.
That is why the clock on the spaceship is not flashing once a second for the outside observer.
雖然繼承戰王丸力量，威力有所加強，武一神仍然要靠電話召魔神，才可參戰。
It was completed in 1989, the 37-story building reaches a height of 627 feet (191 m).
He played many matches as central midfielder from 2016.
） Tate Liverpool, 29 May through 13 September 2009 所用的顏色範圍及量，用數學方式決定。
This list includes quite a few masts.
Metropolitan France covers an area of 551,695 km² (213,011 sq. miles).
There is a road over this pass, over which suitably adapted vehicles have been driven, but it is not a motorable pass in the sense that the road is not in good enough condition to permit transit by normal vehicles.
Henry Fonda plays a cruel murderer named Frank.
Kulp ilçesinde kırmızı renkli 'terra rosa' olarak da bilinen toprak türü ve ilçenin dağ eteğinin üzerinde olması sebebiyle Peya Sor (Pasûr) ismiyle anılır.
Kaderin onlara hazırladığı kötü sürprizlerden habersiz başladıkları gün art arda gelen kötü haberle yıkılırlar.
It consists of seven or eight stages, and was first held in 1928.
Zamanla konak yıktırılıp eşyaları satılır; yerine bir mahalle inşa edilir.
Josenid after her song I love college 4 more songs and Josen said to be ready to create some more songs.
In 2000, the first passive house followed with direct heating and heat recovery and in 2006 the plus energy house, which gains more energy than it needs.
It was a win-win situation.
FRSL (born 17 March 1933) is a English writer of fiction for both children and adults.
Working together, theories predict what should happen and observations show whether the predictions work.
Soon, her relatives became very rich and powerful, causing bad feeling among those who had been in the king's favour before the marriage.
They lasted for about 22 million years.
Videla was one of history's most brutal dictators.
He was buried at Lindisfarne, and his remains later moved to Durham Cathedral.
而凭借18岁又177天的年龄，
Kasım sonuyla birlikte ilk sezonun finali yapıldı.
Its official name is Florida Agricultural and Mechanical University.
In 1976 he resigned as mayor to participate in the 1976 general elections.
陆军最高指挥在9月29日把权力交还德皇，直到皇帝被迫退位为止。
The building currently has the Jewish Heritage Museum, Renanim Synagogue, office space and an auditorium.
He said that President Cleveland was interfering.
医学专家来自北京协和医院，北京解放军301医院，
He said that no plans had been made about the writing staff for season two.
At the same time as his rising fame in the entertainment industry, Hedberg appeared on Letterman nine more times.
It aims to transform the African Economic Community, a federated commonwealth, into a state under established international conventions.
The city was officially created on December 3, 1887.
Barbers also shape and trim beards and mustaches.
After leaving a demo tape and along with freestyling for West, Sean left him impressed.
You can glue your fingers together, or to an object, accidentally.
He was sponsored by PokerStars.
At one point, Atari Inc. planned on developing a smaller, less expensive version of the Atari 5200 which would have gotten rid of the controller storage bin.
It is probably the only institute of its kind worldwide.
It was made only for the Wii.
The SFWA Grand Masters, Vol. One edited by Frederik Pohl, 1999, NY, NY, pg.
To overcome the visibility of traditional metal braces, there are now nearly transparent braces.
A crowd of people around a band.
Recent discussion has been focused between relocating the seat of state government outside of Juneau and building a new capitol building in Juneau.
随着中西部地区人口从乡村逐渐向城市迁移，政治倾向亦发生了变化，大众政治气氛趋向中间立场，这一地区有许多关键的摇摆州，对于两个政党均无强烈忠诚，兩党存在競合。
Cleopatra received Caesar in her own unique way.
If it is found later it usually causes death.
Digital keyboards are portable, and can be used to make similar sounds anywhere.
The President of the National Paralympic Committee of Turkey said they wanted to send more people to the 2022 Winter Paralympics.
For 2001, BMW designed a more aggressive P80 engine.
", was released on February 1, 2011.
In some of these countries the people overthrew the government, but each time they did that (before 1989) the Soviet Union and some of its other puppet states invaded and put the old government back in power.
Albüm dünya çapında yaklaşık olarak 3 milyon kopya satmıştır.
Its modern name appears in three communesː Aubeterre-sur-Dronne, Saint-Méard-de-Drône, Saint-Pardoux-de-Drône.
He served as Archbishop of Prague from 1991 to 2010.
For example, the racket, ball and rules are much different.
He is married to Susan Hasleton.
Thomas is a sophisticated man, often wearing classy clothes and carrying him in a way that expresses confidence.
Restaurants in Atlanta department stores began serving African-American customers September 28, 1961.
Çin'in doğusu ve güneyinde, Hindistan'ın en kuzeydoğusunda, Myanmar'ın doğusunda ve Tayland'ın kuzeybatısında yaşar.
Nigella sativa is a black cumin (also known as nigella or kalonji).
It was Yankovic's first single.
His spouse Worda Ahmed is a fashion designer.
He studied at the Pasadena Playhouse.
The Paris Peace Treaty required Congress to restore property confiscated from Loyalists.
To run it needs a supply of heat to heat its hot parts.
A group of friends (also called "assistants" in the text) joins him in prayer and meditation.
Philosophers who have worked in this area include Bicchieri (1989, 1993), Skyrms (1990), and Stalnaker (1999).
The second EP, Holler, was released in 2014.
区域列车的机车车辆主要由单层或双层的开放式座车组成，一些通往乡村的线路不提供一等车厢。
Current projects include Arts and Ecology, Citizen Power, Connected Communities, Design and Society, Education, Public Services, Social Brain and Technology in a Cold Climate.
One recipient, Adolphus W. Greely received his for a lifetime of military service.
In regional matches, in some areas, a minimum of 3 players are required to be on the bench.
Once time, "The king of Pirates", Gold Roger got all things in the world.
"O, then, I see Queen Mab hath been with you.
In 2004 the single-table format was brought back.
杨长林曾于兩度擔任华亭县縣令，
Third and fourth singles "I Am Not A Robot" and "Oh No!" became other top forty hits.
》中的單曲《Stronger》也加入了《Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger》的歌聲取樣，傻瓜龐克的機器人裝亦有出現在其音樂影片中。
However, by 5:00 PM GMT, according to Egypt Today, the ship had moved by 30 meters (100 feet) towards the north.
属于同组的两队均到达中继站后，队员换回，一起报到。
Karmal, Kasım ve 1986'da Devrim Konseyi Başkanlığı görevinden istifa edene dek, partinin ve devletin üst kademelerinde nüfuz sahibi olmaya devam etti.
洪桥西侧还有一座明正德十一年（1517年）所建的进士第门楼。
The Bundesgerichtshof (Federal Court of Justice) (BGH) is the highest German court for civil and criminal law.
Most often, trades are done between two teams, but there are times where trades are made between three or more teams.
杭世骏曾言：“太鸿之诗，稚威之古文。”
Officially, there are no places in Brunei that have "city" status.
A royal warrant was bestowed on 25 October 1939.
Directed by Stephen Whittaker and produced by Andy Rowley.
'nun iki heykeli Elam'a getirildi.
The musical themes are "Irresponsible Ichidai Otoko" and "Hello, Until Then".
When World War II ended, Miep Gies gave Otto Frank Anne's diary and a bundle of notes.
他被称为法国最早的康塔塔作曲家，现存20部法语康塔塔和4部意大利语康塔塔。
Some goddesses are also connected with places and rivers.
", to be their big hit.
In the late 19th century, Longfellow was without a doubt the most popular American poet.
In 2001 there were 215 people living in Walpole.
The most famous one is "The Ballad of the Harp-Weaver."
She suggested it in her judgment in a lawsuit called Lynch v. Donnelly in 1984.
Sometimes people use other names for Northern Ireland.
Steve Hewlett (8 August 1958 – 20 February 2017) was a British print and radio journalist.
She taught her the names of things by writing the words on Helen’s hand.
The essential story is about the relationship between Gilgamesh, a king who has become distracted and disheartened by his rule, and a friend, Enkidu, who is half-wild and who undertakes dangerous quests with Gilgamesh.
His notable dramas are Kabar (The Grave), Roktakto Prantor (Bloody Field), Chithi (Letter).
It extends in both directions beyond mainland Scotland.
The group includes, doctors, nurses, ladies and schoolchildren, pictured outside the Ithaca Women's Emergency Corps kitchen.
Obi-Wan assures Luke he must kill Vader but Luke refuses, believing he can still save his father.
The capital is Gramsh.
Monkey Kingdom is an independent British television production company based in London, United Kingdom, with offices in Los Angeles.
Protesters also appear naked in public at times.
During this time the greatest success was the Irish Cup in 1908 and were five times runner-up.
İlk solo albümü Dokuz Altı Yollarında, albüme ismini veren parça ve diğerleriyle birlikte oldukça beğeni görmüştür.
They drink soda daily at Abdul's soda shop at night (All in One General Store).
Because of this, Tilke was able to earn the contracts to design many of new new, high-profile circuits from scratch.
魏馥兰（Francis John White，1870年－1959年）
Mohan Sanjibhai Delkar (19 December 1962 – 22 February 2021) was an Indian politician.
Daha sonra, başbakan oldu.
Stix-Hackl was Permanent Representative of Austria to the United Nations (Vienna), IAEA, UNIDO and CTBTO from June 2012 until her death in 2018.
These groups are called ensembles, from the French word for "together."
，她聲稱這是「完全錯誤」的謠言。
In 2010, 1,744 people lived there.
期間制定國防組織法，發展國防科技。
After a lot of talking to local officials by Rickey, the Royals were allowed to host a game involving Robinson in Daytona Beach.
Civil engineering has many different areas or disciplines.
》節目，回顧每周港股走勢，透過業界人士專訪、市場分析，探討本港、國際財經金融話題，以專題形式報道不同行業發展面對的問題 citation 。
The paddle was not liked by many gamer's.
In September 1965, BMC took control of its major suppliers (of bodies), Pressed Steel, acquiring Jaguar's body supplier in the process.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have published materials so that children and others can know how they should act around a dog.
现遗有国师飞天坟墓一穴，石香炉一个，并出土明朝金元宝十六个、玉手镯七个、瓷缽一个、木香炉一个、厅家灯一支和玉石印章一枚。
三大营养物质的彻底氧化殊途同归，都会生成乙酰辅酶A以进入三羧酸循环。
Andretti began racing in the IndyCar Series in 2006.
Their original cones are homologous with the tips of the plates of modern chitons.
Hitler went back to Linz at the end of October.
Electronic organs do not have pipes.
Crisparkle finds Edwin’s watch and other belongings at the river.
Short-term attacks requiring exact calculation, sometimes called 'forcing sequences'.
Quote: "The Old Man had also been called Barack, but his was a working man's name, with the emphasis on the first syllable."
Alman kuvvetlerinin bir karşı saldırıda köye yaklaştığını gizledikten sonra Rodolfo, kaçmadan önce Brundt'u ve Partizan liderini öldürür.
Kızıl Ordu yaklaşan gemileri malzemeleri getiren dost gemiler olduğunu düşündü.
曾祖鄭溱，光祿寺錄事；祖鄭栢，監生；父鄭邦煜，封承德郎兵部主事；母董氏（封安人）。
另外，被施加过多垂直压力的印版在打印期间可能导致main变平。
One gram in theory could poison 100 million people of which 50 million would die.
在享受他人發明極大便利時，我們應該做出發明，助人為樂；要自由慷慨。”
AlphaGo在沒有人類對手後，
Not only that, but it also had a more polished design and was the first version of iOS to be available for the iPod Touch for free.
They were Kalikata, Govindapur and Sutanuti.
In 29 Sejanus began a series of purge trials of senators and rich equestrians in the city, removing those capable of opposing his power, adding to the imperial (and his own) treasury.
On October 12, she appeared in OVW under her real name.
大會在8月8日奧運開幕日晚上文化廣場啟動項目及8月24日奧運閉幕日的特定時間，只預留給大會邀請的地區團體及市民入場參與。
The outside of the Earth is usually not uncovered rock.
The azuki are put in the pan and covered with a lid.
The name Ockeghem is found with many different spellings in old documents.
In 1933, she became a member of the committee founded to examine the working conditions of domestics, and in 1934, she became deputy chairman of the trade union for domestics, Stockholms hembiträdesförening.
The idea of removing a stock install of Internet Explorer from a Windows system was proposed during the United States v. Microsoft court case.
Central coherence is the ability to build wholes out of parts.
Henry Birkin, English racing driver (b.
In the United States this is known as crossguard.
It proved a mistake, because he could attract no supporters.
This is because of the instrument's combined melodic and harmonic nature.
The Army of India and other forces expelled them in early 1944.
Detention is one of the most common punishments in schools.
However, it wasn't offered commercially until 1935.
He was best known for co-founding the Reda Troupe.
There are two borders to the exosphere; the lower boundary and the upper boundary.
現在實有，過去、未來沒有實體。
After that, he lost his only son to a disease at the age of four.
There is a vast plain covering an area of 580 sq miles, bearing the same name Deosai.
In open-circuit scuba the air comes out of the mouthpiece when the diver breathes in, and goes into the water when the diver breathes out.
Trisha Meili wrote a book about her experiences.
She created the cult of Saint Oswald in Mercia which did little to help Mercians forget old feuds with Northumbria.
Since Koreans were forced by law to speak Japanese and forbidden to speak Korean, the Chinese loanwords adopted the new Japanese meanings when Koreans were allowed to freely speak their own language again.
數位格式興起後，字幕组自2000年代开始大量出现。
及羹堯敗，諸為羹堯引進者，爭劾羹堯以自解；期恆惟引咎，終不言羹堯，乃下獄頌繫。
For this reason, cinnabar has recently been replaced with less toxic products.
He left office to run unsuccessfully for state attorney general in 2006.
This brought the series back to a feeder series for F1.
The one electron could not make bond and thus the vacant space where electron should be there is created.
Natural Parks are established in about 10% of the total land area of the prefecture.
The legacy of Tyndale’s Bible cannot be overstated.
They do attacks against airborne, surface, sub-surface and shore targets.
Before Dante wins the fight, the portal to the demon world begins to close.
's could ever be."
Macbeth and Banquo fought bravely until they were defeated.
Since 2011, Sungmin and Kyuhyun had formed dancers position replaced for Han Geng.
He went to technical college in 1879 where he learnt how to draw paintings with perspective.
Propositions can look different, yet still mean the same thing.
Efforts to include more female gamers have addressed the problems of male against female advertising, thinking of female gamers in a negative way, and the decrease of female video game creators.
；21歲時，父親拉吉夫·甘地被行刺身亡。
The Austrian team won the silver medal in the Olympic football tournament in Berlin.
He remained very short all his life.
Diagram of geological time scale.
They used to be known as Tractor Sazi.
"Saint James" ("Sanctus Jacobus") became "Sant' Iago", which was abbreviated to Santiago.
On the Pelorosaurus: an undescribed gigantic terrestrial reptile, whose remains are associated with those of the Iguanodon and other saurians in the strata of Tilgate Forest, in Sussex.
Q&A with Nigel Inkster, Director, Transnational Threats and Political Risk, IISS.
The Ozark Swallowtail looks exactly like the Black Swallowtail.
，它研究气象学家所找出天气模式/现象的趋势和频率。
He is considered to be one of the most talented mathematicians in recent history.
Hagerstown anchors the Hagerstown-Martinsburg, MD-WV Metropolitan Statistical Area, which lies just northwest of the Washington-Baltimore-Northern Virginia, DC-MD-VA-WV Combined Statistical Area in the Great Appalachian Valley.
Youri Tielemans scored the game's only goal as four-time runners-up Leicester City won 1–0, claiming their first FA Cup title.
The Japanese 17th Army withdrew to the west coast of Guadalcanal while rear guard groups stopped the American attacks.
When the curtain rises, the court assembles for Princess Aurora's christening.
Scott O. Lilienfeld (December 23, 1960 – September 30, 2020) was an American psychologist.
He spent his childhood in Kolomyia.
Sixty people were injured.
It is made by dissolving barium oxide in water.
Exchanged cells can multiply and may be immunologically active long after birth.
It was first published in 1861.
The area near the city has a total population of 1,546,706.
Sırp edebiyatının önde gelen yazarlarından Zoran Živković, 2003 yılında Dünya Fantezi Ödülü’ne değer görülen bu mozaik romanında iç içe geçmiş altı öyküye yer veriyor.
He also wrote articles about music.
An example of a stacked arrangement: a top loading washing machine and clothes dryer.
's reign in 791. The text is an account of nine imperial reigns.
It is owned by CBS Radio.
If poisoning causes death, it is lethal poison.
Lelouch and Suzaku are at Japan.
Lucie is placed in an orphanage.
In tournament play, a draw results in a score of 0.5 for each player; otherwise the players score 1.0 for a win, and 0.0 for a loss.
Not many of them were made.
Köy bunların neslinden devam eder.
When the Fascist regime collapsed in 1943 reprisals against Italian fascists and civilians (even Italian communists) took place.
Shortly after arriving in Ottawa, he got into a dispute with his paper over the publication rights to excerpts from a book he had just written with Punch Imlach.
From 1994-1999, it was also sold as the Isuzu Oasis.
The city center was damaged by the earthquake of February, 2011.
At the front and to the left and right sides, there is a pair of hip bones.
It has been stolen and recovered from galleries at least four times, making it the world's most stolen painting.
They can usually be found around or on areas with an elevation of at least 510 meters above sea level.
He then went on to play only Gospel music for many years.
如同結婚時舉行的結婚典禮，近代一部份人將離婚視為一種人生中的重要階段，並因此舉行儀式，即離婚典禮。
Bunlardan yaklaşık 40 bin kadarı çatışmalarda öldü.
，并且一般需要另外申请安装高清机顶盒，除央视和各省级卫视的高清频道外，其他专业节目则一般需要另外收费。
The Government of India Act 1935 also provided a new Burma Office, in preparation for the establishment of Burma as a separate colony, but the same Secretary of State headed both Departments and was styled the Secretary of State for India and Burma.
So I think that's pretty much a closed book for me."
He played many matches in 1998.
It is surrounded by thirty six columns which are convert high.
He also believed all human behavior originated from our sexual drives and desires.
" by its supporters and "terrorists" by its opponents.
He was an auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Boston until his retirement in 2010.
One of the most important things in sidecar racing is teamwork; the best teams race together for many years.
，輔新聞發布後，FNC股價連續多日大幅上升。
当1931年7月3日凌晨1时仁川发生轻微的暴力事件时，朝鲜总督府立即向各道发出警告sfn。
Made a swimsuit, once a purely functional thing, a high fashion item.
His father was Jacob Arfwedson and his mother was Anna Elisabeth Holtermann.
，「對我們這個時代的歐洲人而言，政治民族主義是全世界最重要的東西，
He recorded his first album as a solo singer, Te Amo, which features the songs "Yo Quisiera Vivir", "Te Va a Doler", "Te Amo" and "Déjame Entrar".
Boxers are easily trained and want to please.
Thot, the Hermes of Egypt: A Study of Some Aspects of Theological Thought in Ancient Egypt. London: Oxford University Press.
Still they tried to separate Han from Manchus and Mongols.
In 1886, the German playwright, Frank Wedekind lived in the castle which his father had bought.
，在林区内修路，并开发了若干休闲娱乐区。
At this tournament, he played 2 matches as left side back.
It is a perennial river, which originates from a place near Manspura in Janapao Hills in Indore, Madhya Pradesh, India.
Old Major makes a speech, calling for animals to rise up against their farmers.
In directing, he was known for his 1975 movie Waltz on Mtatsminda and wrote the screenplay for For those who like to solve puzzles (1982).
In the United States barbecued meat is usually covered in barbecue sauce, a type of thick, dark red sauce that often contains spices, tomatoes, and honey.
Živanović played there until the end of 1953.
There was criticism of that.
Times Books, New York.
The strategy of seed-bearing plants is to invest energy and material in the substance of seeds, and they have evolved more sophisticated methods of dispersal than just wind.
She is also referred to as the "Jondrette girl".
任鑫（1989年5月22日 － ），
The Afghan Hound is one of the most difficult types of dogs to train.
Hakim saw sexual capital as different.
Conway Victor Savage (27 July 1960 – 2 September 2018 citation ) was an Australian rock pianist and singer-songwriter.
通讯系统包括一个20瓦特S波段（2.
Homer goes back and is part of the ritual again.
By the 1930s, stories about reaching Mars had become somewhat trite, and the focus shifted to Mars as an alien landscape.
Uygur Türkçesinde Çöçek masal ve hikâye karşılığında kullanılmaktadır.
They had a promising driver lineup with Heinz Harald Frentzen and Johnny Herbert, a revised C15 car and a new V10 engine from Ford.
A narrow gauge railway line began in Colac going south to the small towns of Beech Forest and Crowes.
Diazepam is marketed under a number of names; its original trade name was Valium.
's rule from the 1930s to the early 1950s.
The incident, described as a "huge bang", resulted across the Manchester Victoria railway station's services being blocked.
Many of his theoretical articles from this period, such as Eisenstein on Disney, have been found decades later as important scholarly texts.
The Paleolithic was an extended period of time.
The Messiah will also unite all the people of the world to serve God.
It is a major rail junction, located on the strategic east-west connection from Lwów to Kraków.
It takes three or four years for them to become adult cats.
It died not long after starting.
There is a ferry service to Falmouth, which is less than a mile away by boat, but about 30 miles away by road.
By "indeterminate" Heisenberg meant that something like an electron is just not pinned down until it gets pinned down.
Not every recording artist has a hit record.
It has the most people of the Counties of Albania.
; they must eat a lot of meat to live, so they spend 3 to 5 hours every day fishing and hunting.
Turkmenistan is divided into five provinces and one capital city district.
某一玩家的捨牌被其他三名玩家和牌時成立。
However, it is more likely that it exists to keep the government in power.
Bahrain's population is 85% Muslim and Islam is the state religion.
The third series is a five episode long story named Children of Earth.
Hugo turned away from social or political issues in his next novel, Les Travailleurs de la Mer (
In autumn every village has an extra weekend to celebrate.
She had a beautiful and well-schooled voice and a charming stage presence.
In a review of the Memoir, Simpson said Austen was a serious but ironic critic of English society.
Murad döneminde sadrazamlık yapmış Osmanlı devlet adamı.
Under the Metre Convention, the BIPM has the task of coordinating over 200 atomic clocks around the world.
The Government of India Act 1935 contemplated the Federation of the British Indian Provinces and Indian States.
，楞嚴叛逃至天命教，使龐斑傳人只剩方夜羽一人，在方夜羽遵從龐斑指示回歸塞外後，邪極宗傳承也隨之湮沒。
However, a single tauon decays differently than a tauon and an antitauon.
球場上任何時間任何球員穿著任何號碼可能於任何位置上進行比賽（但穿著50-79號的進攻線球員必須告訴裁判「ineligible number in an eligible position」來表示他們正在位置外進行比賽）。
Many Chinese phrases gained currency as loan words.
R136c can be seen on the lower left to the center of the R136 cluster.
The most famous cultures are the Tapenken culture, the Beinan culture, and the Yuanshan culture.
Over the years, the Bush family moved 29 times.
He started to write comic operas (
Yaratıcılığında gerçek yaşam levhalarının tasvirine, milli-manevi değerlerin tebliğine geniş yer vermiştir.
Molina has been married to Rosa Leal.
If the electron starts at n and ends up at n, then it has not really gone anywhere, so it did not gain energy and it did not lose energy.
She then finds out that they work at a bar called Coyote Ugly.
Watts returned for revenge, with Abyss, Shelley, and Goldylocks taking on Watts, Sonny Siaki, and Desire in a Six Person Mixed Tag Team match.
Below are some examples.
By the time the war ended, membership in the CIO was nearly 5 million.
，贞元十一年八月唐德宗因端王太妃薨逝而废朝。
Almost all his decisions are based on food and this, at times, gets him and the pups into trouble.
，在明代與儒家士大夫的衝突比較和緩。
Another sub was sent to explore around Nouméa.
He closed all Catholic churches.
之后，他们对嫌疑人进行了指纹等生物识别检查。
In 2000, he was accused of sexual abuse by three women.
As of December 2015, the Dickin Medal has been awarded 66 times.
The government of what would become South Korea burned down most of the villages on Jeju Island and killed 30,000 people.
」杲聞之，喜，因請出守給養兄。
Beynin nasıl çalıştığına dair hiçbir nöropsikolojik açıklama, bilişsel bir analiz seviyesi olmadan tamamlanamaz.
A record label called HIM International Music created S.H.E after they organized a singing competition in 2000.
The Kakapo can live for about 60 years.
Bu binanın da tamamlanması ile okul yönetimi, üniversitede ilk yılı olan öğrencilerin okulda kalmasını zorunlu kılacak ve yeni öğrencilerin üniversite hayatına adapte olması daha kolay olacaktır.
Also known as Solano's Hurricane.
He is an analyst for The NFL Today.
The fruits, which are used to make coffee, contain caffeine.
The 1981 Formula One season was the 32nd of the championship.
He thought that it should not be the tallest building in town so he ordered it to be it on the lowest ground in the pool.
Soil erosion can remove soil, leaving a thin layer or rocky soil behind.
His son, replying with "This is the news!
The deepest water it lives in is about convert.
Stanley Sporkin (February 7, 1932 March 23, 2020) was an America politician and lawyer.
But Octavian won the war.
新赫罗纳许多建筑质量很好的建筑也被狂风摧毁，全城仅有十户民房留存。
He and his wife now spend nearly all their time giving away the money he has made.
This is because, caffeine aside, mate contains different chemicals from tea or coffee.
A woman named "Katrina" said she was with Fontaine before she disappeared.
Farkasfalvy was the chaplain to the School Sisters of Namur.
有的分析认为退教的主因是为免交教会税 。
"Bloody Wilberforce used to sit under my desk and I would have a fit of sneezing.
Irises that are called bearded are because of soft hairs growing in the center.
Usually, it will also say what Presidential and Vice Presidential candidates they plan to support.
Every once in a while, dengue can affect other systems in the body.
The top scorer of The Express was Arturo "El Torito" Naón with 33 goals.
Kiedis, birkaç hafta sonra kendini bırakmaya zorlasa da, bir kez daha uyuşturucu almaya başladı.
本種形態多變，可能可以分為數個支序。
He is the leader of a coalition named Forza Italia.
During this time, it was shown with the play Damon and Phillida.
Most women menstruate for 3–5 days every month.
上述激素的協同作用會促使胰腺分泌大量鹼性、富含酶的胰液進入十二指腸。
Britten also wrote works for tenor and orchestra.
He passed the civil service exam at the age of 18, one of the youngest persons to ever pass this exam, and became a junior officer in 1882.
，其中7号线全线几乎全为岛式站台（
Jell-O is a brand of gelatin that has become a generic, or typical, name for a lot of gelatin.
在main（Rajuvula）之後，
Four specials, and two books were made.
But in 1960, Abraham Robinson found that infinitesimals also provide a rigorous basis for the calculus.
He was born in Tallinn.
Castles were first built in the 9th century and the practice continued up to the 16th century.
This type is shorter and does not need a flight engineer.
The names of the rulers of the Second Dynasty is not known exactly.
He was suspicious of anything innovative.
She played at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships, citation 2009 World Aquatics Championships, 2008 Women's Water Polo World League, citation and 2009 Women's Water Polo World League.
The band is composed of three members now: Jang Bum-jun (
He was best known for playing Claude Erskine-Browne in ITV's comedy-drama Rumpole of the Bailey.
Ayrıca Hotel Persona'nın da bir parçasıdır.
It owned by the Lane Bryant company.
The Lapinig island is to the northeast of the Bohol island, in front of the municipality of Pres. Carlos P. Garcia.
Because Lariviere and OU seemed to be working separately from the Governor and state board, the board voted to fire him on November 28, 2011.
The area has seven national park areas and a conservation reserve.
·确保队员因受伤流血时离开比赛场地。
，该教堂停止宗教活动，被一家轴承厂用作仓库。
Eventually the Qing came to Taiwan, defeated him, and added Taiwan to China.
紀錄片《The Greatest Ears In Town》于2010年4月在第29届伊斯坦布尔国际电影节上映，並被题名為艾美奖2011最佳长篇视频。
MOS refers to the fact that a MOSFET is built by layering metal (the "gate") on oxide (an insulator which prevents the flow of electricity) on semiconductor (the "source" and "drain").
The series is based on the 1974 movie Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore.
It is in my heart and soul; part of the definition of me.
The Trump International Hotel and Tower is to the circle's north.
The U.S. Army 96th Infantry division and 7th Infantry Division went south across Okinawa.
Mola Ram traps them over a bridge.
It contains about 112 genera and more than 725 species of trees, shrubs, and, most commonly, vines, chiefly of tropical America, tropical Africa, and the Indo-Malayan region.
亚格斯特河（德语：Jagst）
Dönemin diğer Alman ana muharebe gemilerinde olduğu gibi, Blücher de Çimentolu Krupp zırhı ile donatıldı.
After the Middle Ages, the word palatine was put onto many different people of power across Europe.
Economic liberalism is a political ideology based on organizing the economy on lines of individual freedom.
在瓊花會上，靈耀打了太子，從此自號「華光天王」，並反出天宮，上界鼎沸；
Caufield said that the World Bank focuses too much on "development".
One artist who Bernini knew well was Annibale Carracci who painted scenes on the ceilings of rooms for the pope.
坚昆在漠北各族中是具有较强实力的一支，“坚昆本强国也,地与突厥等。”
He also wrote that al-Kidd's lawsuit should be dismissed.
He was a central player in golden era in club history.
The customers do not like the music and get him kicked out.
The first one was Pokémon: The First Movie (released in 1998 in Japan and 1999 in United States).
Impressively, Aberdeen beat Bayern Munich on their way to the final.
伦敦商学院的管理学教授苏曼特拉·戈夏尔（Sumantra Ghoshal）和和哈佛商学院的克里斯托弗·巴特里特（Christopher Bartlett）在1997年写到公司必须个性化地管理员工，建立新的工作合同 Ghoshal, Sumantra；Bartlett Christopher A. (1997) The Individualized Corporation： A Fundamentally New Approach to Management，哈珀·柯林斯出版公司，第2861页。
The northernmost Rubble Creek flow was party confined by a wall of ice, resulting in a lava flow over 244 m (800 ft) thick.
Also the index only takes into accounrt people of 20 years or older.
This is better known as Dutch Harbor or just "Dutch".
In their decision, the Court did rule that there were special cases where a court should assign a lawyer.
Christine learns that Ben had placed her in an assisted care home.
Bazı uç örneklerde bu değer 2.8 kadir/sn gibi çok yüksek değerlere ulaşabilmektedir.
清廷在日軍到達台灣後的1874年五月二十七日，
She repeats " P. Sherman 42 Wallaby Way Sydney" to keep it in her memory.
If you're trying to find a path between two places in the real world, a good guess is just the distance between them in a straight line.
She is set to star as Kimberly in What If.
They released their first single and album in 2001.
每逢觀世音菩薩三大節日、重要民俗節慶、初一十五等，香火鼎盛。
Saldırıları Roma sokaklarına kadar sıçrayan tehlikeli çatışmalardan sonra durdurdu ve hemen ardından Etrüsklere de Roma hakimiyetini kabul ettirdi.
Herrerasaurus remains appear to have been the most common among the carnivores of the Ischigualasto Formation.
It is about the Rugrats being 6 years older and going to school in September 1998.
The ring is very small, and ring strain can take place because of this.
There is a fence running down the centre of the spit to prevent people from wandering and falling into any deep parts of the salt marshes that have accumulated on the inside of the spit.
通過環保局的環境教育資助計劃，美國的公立學校、社區機構和非政府組織獲得聯邦資助，並用於環保局列為優先事項的當地教育項目，例如：
She also had several hit songs, with other musicians and solo, including the sensual song Pillow Talk.
It has a dolmen at the west end, and two tombs at the east end.
If the veto is used to take the original M.V.P. nominee off the block, then the next eligible HouseGuest with the highest amount of viewer votes will be nominated in their place.
A terminally ill person is allowed to die, even if treatment could help them to live longer.
One part of the canal, near Heeswijk, was left undefended; Amersfoort (2005), p. 229 as this area contained a bridge which was not destroyed, the Germans were able to cross the canal around 13:00.
;明朝河州知州（1473年－1643年）
The group is made up of six young Japanese men.
People usually stay in a flotation tank (also called an isolation tank for about an hour.
At age 25 he assumes the direction of the newspaper La Esfera.
The person's spirit is on a journey through life that continues after death.
King Fahd International Airport has its own plant nursery with a total area of convert which encompasses three green houses and convert of green fields.
Year 2007 was the city's 400th birthday.
Overnight the Earl of Gloucester and Edward II had been in an argument.
Different forms of competition can be called a championship.
，根據「宣判愛德華（二世）的法規」sfn，國王沒有出席國會的話，可被卿家廢黜sfn。
They were used to basic food and houses.
对角线（东南角，最右边） 休伊特，p。
。1981年与 Shane 结婚，两人育有三个孩子：Pascale (1976年生)，Rafe (1983年生，也是名演员)，Mercedes (1985年生)。
本件之櫸木，雖遭自然力沖刷倒地而非出於被告等之砍伐，然既倒伏於大溪事業局81林班地路旁，縱經林務局新竹林區管理處理，仍屬國有，且尚在林務管理機關管領力支配下，並非無主物或脫離本人持有之物，該櫸木構成竊盜罪之客體。
The Greek economy is in the longest recession of any advanced capitalist economy to date.
From 1974. to 1989. he worked as a scholar at the Social Science Institute in Belgrade.
It was introduced in 1925 and rapidly reduced the cactus population.
This edition is multi-platform and can be played on consoles and mobile phones.
She has released four music albums.
The kind, loving, “rather cheerful” and wise elder who is Alyosha’s mentor and teacher before he dies.
He then comes down with Mary Poppins.
Silver and white are sometimes treated as different colors, but in English Blazon both are called argent.
Jumbo was given a big breakfast.
Kree is a raven who used to live in Thaegan's territory, but Thaegen killed his parents so he fled to the Forests of Silence where he met Jasmine.
The small and middle-sized businesses work in a lot of areas.
Tesisat borularının bitiş noktasında ya da akışkanı muhafaza eden tankın/deponun çıkış noktasında ya da tesisat üzerinde herhangi bir bağlantı elemanı üzerinde bulunabilir.
He did not make any movies for other studios.
The Germans thought that destroying the port might slow the advance of the British Eighth Army.
The city is named for Charles Huber who built many of the houses in the area.
For the 2010 rankings, 7-Eleven climbed to the Number 3 spot in Entrepreneur Magazine's 31st Annual Franchise 500, "the first and most comprehensive ranking in the world."
Mayonnaise does not hold its shape like a solid but does not flow like a liquid.
This comes at the cost of exchanging his Bb4 for the white Nc3 when White plays a3.
The San Gabriel Valley is in Los Angeles County.
It did not give any more details about this right.
'Knight' is shortened to Kt or N when recording games.
Originally, he was an elvish being, a shape-changer like his wife, a swan maiden and Waelcyrge.
On January 28, 1986, Space Shuttle Challenger broke apart 73 seconds after launch.
The lake and mountains attract many tourists around the year.
Deloraine is the educational centre for the region with both primary (Deloraine Primary School and Our Lady of Mercy Catholic School) and high schools (Deloraine High School).
羅初次使用這個能力時將自己身上的器官逐一取出，並在不麻醉的狀態下將肝臟上附著大量的鉛以手術刀全部切除（手術過程讓羅劇痛難耐），成功治癒自己的鉛珀病。
She typed Hitler's last will and testament.
They are usually circular to stop the manhole cover from falling into the hole.
Örneğin Bozoklar, Uçoklar gibi.
、main的直接電子計數器（Direct Electron Counter，DELCO）完成的研究工作測得了陶子的質量與自旋。
It was held a year later later instead, but this time without Marduk.
Aynı ay içerisinde anneannesi de öldü.
而像一些公司如CA或ICS直接随枪附带高容量弹匣。
该市镇总面积5.63平方公里，2009年时的人口为218人。
Also, the sandwich can be easily eaten with one hand without utensils which allows consumers to have a hand free to do other things.
He served in the Indiana House of Representatives from 2014 to 2017, representing the 63rd District.
The Laws is Plato's longest dialogue and probably his last.
There are many types of gambling.
In 1914 he returned to the Reichstag.
He urges Shinji not to take the spears, but Shinji shuts off his controls and removes the spears.
Honduras at the Olympics is a history which began in 1968.
各自角色的版本，2019年配信的ŹOOĻ誕生日SOLO曲，廣播主題曲Wonderful Octave各自角色的版本。
Michell made appearances on the mystery series Murder, She Wrote, playing Dennis Stanton.
It poorly affects a lot of people in the world.
This problem is sometimes known as the "write hole".
The stall plates are not removed, but remain permanently placed somewhere in the stall, so that the stalls of the chapel are covered with a colourful record of the Order's Knights and Dames Grand Cross since 1906.
Ersoy, Danıştay Genel Sekreterliği görevini yürütmekte iken, 2 Aralık 1999 tarihinde Anayasa Mahkemesi Üyeliğine seçilmiş ve 1 Ocak 2005 tarihinde emekli olmuştur.
Heavy rain and landslides made rescue efforts difficult.
魏萌练习射击也正是受到其姐姐的影响，她在2002年开始练习射击 citation 。
Then the plan that was selected was picked out of a glass bowl by then-NFL commissioner Pete Rozelle's secretary.
Beaverton is called a part of "Silicon Forest", because many technology companies are located in Beaverton.
声调为四：高升调值35，中平调值33，平降调值331，低降调值21。
Sürtünmeli akışlarca cisim akım önünde bir set oluşturur.
At one point he was among the most widely read science fiction authors in the world.
The National Association for Research & Therapy of Homosexuality (NARTH) takes takes issue with how the mental health society describes the success of conversion therapy.
Once the hot water has been added, the mate is ready for drinking.
Anthony Clare, psychiatrist and broadcaster, described Freud as a "ruthless and devious charlatan", and that "many of the foundations stones of psychoanalysis are phoney".
Yash Johar, Indian movie producer (d.
Birkaç gruptan, sosyometrik statüsü daha yüksek olan, daha çok haber alır ve daha çok haber yayar (Shaw ve Gilchrist, 1956).
The capital is Asaba.
Ninjago was created by The First Spinjitzu Master (Sensei Wu and Garmadon's father and ancestor Misako's father-in-law Lloyd Garmadon's grandfather and ancestor Firstbourne and Omega's son and descendant) using The Four Golden Weapons of Spinjitzu.
There is a large shopping area in Emersons Green, including Sainsbury's, Boots, Lidl and Argos.
Whedon has loved comic books all his life.
He died on 24 July 2012 from throat cancer.
Stream ciphers encrypt a message as a stream of bits one at a time.
Aside from weapons, Nukem can also find 'medkits' to heal himself whenever the player chooses.
Church of the Ascension is the church in Burghclere.
Günlük 1,5 milyon yolcuya hizmet vermektedir.
Even though they managed to control large aras near the coast, they did not countrol the mountain areas and the Kandxan kingdom in the center of the iland.
The color and font-size are both properties and the blue and 120% are values.
But her strategy misfired: I never went through it".
Between 1948 and 1950, she developed a theory: these mobile elements regulated genes by inhibiting or modulating their action.
And, the National Academy of Sciences' journal had one years later.
这两种方法都要求中枢听觉系统的完好。
The Weather Channel.
氣象局說，超級颱風芭瑪行徑方向轉向呂宋島最北邊。
A booke of the arte and maner, how to plant and graffe all sortes of trees: with divers other new practise, by one of the Abbey of Saint Vincent in Fraunce by Leonard Mascall.
Clutter is things that either should not be in the house at all or have been put in the wrong place.
The Japanese occupied the area from 1942 to 1945.
Dinini bırakmak istemeyen ve can güvenliğinden endişe duyan birçok Yahudi ikinci şıkkı tercih etti.
'e ait "Çok Hoppasın" olmuştur.
They sent a letter to Henry asking him to keep Richard away from England for as long as possible, offering payment to keep Richard imprisoned.
The movie was co-produced by Ahmed Khan.
The story about him begins in surah Baqarah.
并与许多艺术家和知识分子接触，
Floods can cut transport links to the town and cut it off from the outside world.
It showed them gazing deeply into each other’s eyes.
因為它超過U+FFFF，所以他必須編譯成32位元（4個byte）的格式，如下所示：
She goes to the service and shakes her fist (a sign of anger and hate) at Jasper.
，因此也会有“如同贪婪腐尸的奥丁的苍鹰”这样的谚语。
A contestant who landed on this space was asked a question.
He created a series of ridiculous exaggerated characters, all of which were voiced by him.
The July 2012 update also gives the ability to gift app.
K2 is the world's second highest peak.
"Planning permission granted for RDS-style indoor event centre in Cork city".
他在纽约技术研究院工作到1979年。
The song was written and produced by Madonna and released in June 1995.
Seçim sonuçları açıklandığında seçimleri protesto etmek amaçlı düzenlenen iznsiz mitinglerde hapsedilmiştir.
This fable is about a boy who was sent to mind the sheep.
He was married twice, first to Alice Brown and later to Galina Kopineck.
Sufferers of type 1 diabetes may have to deal with both short-term and long-term complications, particularly if the disease is not well managed.
Bio-Dome was released on January 12, 1996.
Other victims at this time were the praetorian prefect Julius Julianus, Commodus's cousin Annia Fundania Faustina, and his brother-in-law Mamertinus.
Heth's men, carrying the wounded Pettigrew, withdrew over the river ending the battle.
In the last episode of Yes, Minister, "Party Games", he becomes Cabinet Secretary, the position he retains during Yes, Prime Minister.
Several key features of Windows Phone 7 are organized into "hubs", which combine local and online content via Windows Phone's integration with popular social networks such as Facebook, Windows Live, and Twitter.
By this time Komala had already become a major political force in Iranian Kurdistan.
，即New Inn Hall和Rose Hall。
Such financing may need to be approved by judge and the insurance company.
During the wash cycle, the solvent in the chamber is filtered and then fed back into the chamber.
Onda ne din kalır ve ne iman ve ne ilm kalır ve ne irfan.
"Grandma Don't Let Your Babies Grow Up to Be Favorites"
Music Notation: A Manual of Modern Practice, second edition.
Other names for the area are no longer used.
This helps to show whether the uncertainty is important or not.
She examined me with a look which seemed from the first moment to be searching for the weak point in my armor, but there was something so pure and frank (truthful) about the child that one liked her straight off."
Ama dinozorlarla yakın bir ilintiye sahip değildi.
People now realize that green tea and matcha are good for the health.
As Senator, he came up with the idea of "Share Our Wealth" clubs, which promoted wealth redistribution.
With enough sunlight and clean conditions the schefflera will last a long time.
恢复后的拿口镇高中帮助了不少农村孩子完成就读高中的梦想，此后在2004年因生源少、交通条件改善及城里学位供应充足而停办。
After the climax, there is a denouement (falling action).
The Dirty Energy Dilemma won a 2009 Nautilus Award.
As of August 10, 2011, the latest firmware is 6.60.
The post office operated from 1882 to 1971. citation The public school operated from 1917 to 1956.
Exorcisms can be performed on people, animals and places.
穆安巴曾是main的高層人物，main時他與聯盟決裂，選擇參與反對黨抵制、政府發起關於修改憲法的對話。
This is called panning or placer mining.
Lester Wunderman (June 22, 1920 – January 9, 2019) was an American advertising executive.
The Burmese alphabet itself is based on Indian scripts.
，三旦八从福州南下到兴化劝解阿迷里丁，最终没能说服对方退兵。
They can spend more than $400,000 to train and launch a new artist.
Margaret Nixon "Marni" McEathron (February 22, 1930 – July 24, 2016), known professionally as Marni Nixon, was an American singer and actress in movie musicals.
Some factors are environmental.
It had a mixed reception from Iron Man fans.
然而，與現實相反，心里相信總有一天能與動物們和平共處。
There are different ways of giving symbols to numbers.
He also married twice.
其首次出擊的任務目的是做為地球聯邦軍派出的ELS前線偵察艦隊的增援部隊，但由於友軍艦隊已全滅無法及時趕到救援，而隊長葛拉漢·耶卡少校則將任務目標轉為協助陷入苦戰的天上人撤退，並在任務完成後接受天上人補給。
Also the Land (state) cannot order the local government to set these things up.
影片以霍蘭在牆上張貼團體海報和贊恩在牆上噴出“this is us”（我們的世代）字樣結束。
Averaging 2.2-2.7 metres (7.2-9 feet) in total length, and weighing 75-105 kg (165-232 pounds), adult females reach a larger size than adult males which are around 2.1-2.6 metres (7-8.5 feet) long, and weigh around 90-120 kg (198-265 pounds).
To show this there are five "constitutional institutions".
His first success was with Matthew Kaufman.
。2007年，该观景台获得维修。
" or as a wrestler (or frequently both).
Philosophy can be divided into different groups, based on the types of questions that it asks.
In the aftermath of the accident, SMRT said that it would replace the faulty maintenance locomotives and purchase new ones.
A player receives bonus points if he can clear more than one line with a single tetromino.
Towne also wrote the sequel, The Two Jakes (1990).
COCPs are usually used for three weeks out of the month.
These rules were adopted by other Union Armies, however it was not universal.
Yalnız mafya baronların ısrarına dayanamayarak kumarhane yöneticiliğini kabul eder.
Piper became Pastor of Bethlehem Baptist Church in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
He then moved on to storm Baghdad that same year and massacred 20,000 of its citizens, destroying all of its buildings and significant monuments in the process.
In 1825, she was given special permission to work as a doctor, even though it was forbidden for a woman to work as a doctor.
India also has a small business presence in Turkey through representative offices of Reliance Industries, Tata Motors and Indorama.
In 1936 he was a member of the Canadian ice hockey team, which won the silver medal.
Bangladeshi dance forms are from folk traditions.
University of Sao Paulo, available at https://www.
The nymph grows through stages called instars, shedding its 'skin' (epicuticle) at each stage (ecdysis).
She was a member of the Italy women's national rugby union team.
All the scenes in the film were made at Ngoc Suong Resort which is in Nha Trang, Vietnam.
In 2000 the bones were examined by experts.
Indeed, individual elements of any mathematical expression may be referred to as "terms".
The story is about events in 1999 and 2004.
Side effects are more likely if an old or obsolete laser is used, which many clinics still use.
The Virginia General Assembly adopted the Report in January 1800.
'Bluegrass band leaves the fold' (uses a news announcer voice).
，渗透进边境地区，然后在波兰也建立一个苏维埃政府，并延伸到德国，他预期一场社会主义革命将在那里爆发。
控罪指他於10月20日，在大埔露輝路近汀角路交界的公眾地方，無合理辯解而攜有40支汽油彈、3樽汽油和2個打火機。
经过112至158天的妊娠期后，雌性小熊猫会在六月中旬到七月下旬产下一到四只尚不能睁眼或听到声音的幼崽，每只大约重convert 。
Van Gogh was buried in Amsterdam on 9 November, 2004.
Robert Maksymilian Brylewski, also known as.
舊北區理民府約於1907年興建，辦理新界北部（
Located on the St. John’s River, it sits on 10 acres of land in Downtown Jacksonville.
Later, Nico realizes that Hades is their father and that Maria di Angelo was their mother.
It can cause slight irritation.
他開始作為一個詩人，在13歲時寫以拉丁文寫詩，並多次競爭法蘭西學術院的獎賽，但他從來沒有贏得獎賞。
Güç gösterisi amacıyla Keamy geminin doktoru Ray'in (
The first biography of Carson was written by DeWitt C. Peters in 1859.
About 1,975 people are living there (2018).
There were eight entries into the singles competition.
He led the party until March 12, 2010, the day he left.
At Augsburg, he taught Java, Java Threads, XML and software engineering.
This is the golden era in the club history.
Bu belge, bu makalede dayandığı üzere sayısız başvuru içeriyor.
On the altar was a cross and a lamb, with angels around.
His father is of English, French, German, Irish, Scottish and Welsh descent and His mother is Jewish (of Russian descent).
Early forms of music include spirituals and work songs.
Bu tarihten sonra 1932 yılına kadar azınlık hükûmeti şeklinde devam etti.
According to Herodotus, the island was initially called Strongyle (the Round One).
In Shiva related sub-traditions, there are ten dualistic Agama texts, eighteen qualified monism-cum-dualism Agama texts and sixty-four monism Agama texts.
Baby elephants nurse for the first two years of their lives.
Debra Nussbaum Cohen, "The Liberation of Helène Aylon," Forward (13 July 2012).
In 2013, the Super Kings strengthened their bowling attack by signing up five overseas and five Indian bowlers.
，黎丹当选为国民政府监察院委员，后由南京返西宁，于1934年组成西藏巡礼团，前往拉萨，探讨藏文经典 。
，但本屆電影影展因臺灣及東亞地區疫情的趨緩如期舉行。
When it reaches the Zinc, a reaction starts.
In 2010, there were 900 people, 424 households, and 239 families living in Downs.
诺亚与南非理疗师丹妮·加布里埃尔（Dani Gabriel）和美国模特兼歌手乔丹·泰勒（Jordyn Taylor）保持着关系。
She was in the middle of a performance when her fingers could no longer perform.
Established 1 April 1954, it was the first community-sponsored television station in the United States as well as the fifth public TV station.
Kelly won the election and got 51.2% of the votes, so he became the junior senator from Arizona.
It does not reproduce with the Spanish sparrow even though it lives with them side-by-side.
In return, Mochrie often made jokes about Stiles's height, nose, attractiveness, and tendency to wear exotic, flamboyant shoes, which were designed by George Esquivel.
In 2005, Special Projects split from Mercedes-Ilmor and became a separate company named Ilmor Engineering Ltd. Ilmor Engineering is owned by Mario Illien and Roger Penske.
People tend to focus on characters more than anything else.
He used his CB radio to contact people on the ground.
Thomas visits the Berlin Zoo and talks about the different animals that are seen there for the first time.
Another causes of flooding was the Wind Convergence.
Because the Department of Justice works for the President, Robert Mueller suggests that Congress should investigate.
MacCallum was also known for his strongly centre-left, pro-
's fourth album.
After Nandeesh Reddy lost the assembly elections in 2013, he effected to show the way to Mr. Krishnappa’s daughter meeting corporator, Mrs. Poornima Srinivas, into the BJP.
Instead, they lived in small communities made up mostly of extended family members.
BBC将其与「丁香医生」等称作“新闻游侠” citation 。
他的家庭幸福，没有为人所知的不和睦情况。
This church is located opposite Litomyšl Castle.
Blaze and the Monster Machines season 1 first aired on October 13, 2014.
The variation involved a number of middlegame themes: rapid development, material sacrifice, exploiting weak squares.
It is the pentahydrate of copper sulfate.
Evde, küçük bir semt fırınına ya da büyük bir fabrikada yapılıp yapılmadığına bakılmaksızın ekmeğin fırınlanması ikincil gıda işleme örneğidir.
Ajanlar ufacık bir bilgiyi bile havada kapacak konumda bekliyorlardı.
These are the gluteus maximus and the glutius medius.
The city is at 39° 45' 12" North and 39° 20' 28" East, with an altitude of 1185 meters.
Brownsville is another name that was once used for the settlement.
Since the probe was launched from a rocket, it was very important to minimize its weight.
"Baron" Mikel Scicluna was inducted despite rarely winning.
Ubuntu Studio同时包含了一个艺术性主题，黑底蓝按键的主题与ubuntu本身的棕桔色形成了鲜明的对比。
However, Edgar had no following among the earls: he had lived in Hungary, and was a boy of fifteen.
There are in fact two different groups of goddesses which were known at different times: today they are called the first and second generation to distinguish between them.
Livadeia is the capital of Voiotia and it is built on a plane, near Kopaida plane.
Populations of the Great Hammerhead Shark have decreased by 50% because of fishing.
They won the competition.
Political authorities also sometimes oppose it.
Britannia Hospital is a 1982 British science fiction black comedy movie.
His opportunity to play decreased for injury from 2004.
They also need less power and do not break down as much as vacuum tubes.
This is called glue code, and a language made just for this purpose is a glue language.
On July 17, 2006, the Keck-10m II telescope and its Laser guide star Adaptive Optics (AO) system indicated a stretched shape for Hektor.
It sold 23 million copies around the world.
Es ist Juli adlı ilk stüdyo albümü 700,000 satış rakamı elde etti ve 3x Platin Plak kazandı.
It opened as a through service in 1988.
There are many paintings of the lilies in his garden at Giverny.
Orta Çağda Önemli bir kale niteliği taşımaktaydı.
，无权否决全国人大及其常委会的决定，但其仍然拥有颁布法律等职责，
，向他高呼逃跑的武士是可恥的，要他立刻回到戰場，於是敦盛就回來了。
》，另外星期一至五08:30-08:45改為播映《
： kun tu bzang mo ），又稱普賢佛母、普賢母，
After the 1982 Cup a lot of players ended their career, so Austria failed to reach the 1986 FIFA World Cup.
This means that it chooses a pivot point in a part of the array and then compares it with all the other points in that part of the array.
不久，李楨就在顯宗九年（1668年）
The others have to pay 500 Litas per semester at least.
同时筹备第22届SF大会(DAICON IV)的开幕动画。
In the 15th century, the term nap refers to a pile given to the cloth.
Smith College was started in 1871 using money left by Sophia Smith.
There are three blind round windows.
It enforces the right for people to lawfully agree with companies to use their private information.
钱镠爱其骁勇，以其兵为中军，号武勇都，署徐绾为右都指挥使。
，1993年2月1日CNS 11643第一、第二字面正式獲得最終字元：4/7和4/8，1994年3月25日CNS 11643第三至第七字面也正式獲得最終字元：4/9 - 4/13。
His books are written in a special style.
The arrondissement of Reims, with 296,374 inhabitants, is the arrondissement with more inhabitants.
They can be used by players to do better in the match or hurt opponents.
Samuel Nicholas founded it.
The average temperature is 8 degrees Celsius.
For the fourth time in eight years, the all-time record for total shutouts in a season was shattered, as 192 shutouts were recorded.
A new format of Formula Two was introduced for 1957 with 1.5 L engines.
Many of the explorers did not prepare very well, or else they went out to explore at the hottest time of year.
醫生認為他以後不能再攀爬，但是6個月後他已恢復正常。
There is a ridge along the back between the dorsal fins.
The following is a list of notable deaths in April 2017.
He was a member of the Orange Democratic Movement.
It also serves Canada's northern territories.
）（為天藍色廣播開啟的網頁已於2007年3月5日關閉）
She has enough strength to change Maggie's diaper and dress her with one hand.
Just to the north of Chichester is the Goodwood race course.
He and his wife had six children, and they had very little money.
These brigades would often dismount guns from their parent vessels for use ashore, these guns often being the only artillery available.
The Pope told Christians that fighting the war would repay God for their sins and that if they died on a crusade they would go straight to heaven.
Lafayette College, Washington and Jefferson College, Western Reserve University, the National University of Ireland and the University of Pittsburgh given Hench honorary doctorates.
Murphy (2007), p. 38 Roth (1995), p. 75 The captain was wounded after in the first part duel, and apologized after Arnold threatened to aim to kill on the second part.
The sector suffers from a lack of logistics and a sound transportation system that restricts e-commerce trading to expand.
，趁鐘鼓聲歇停，打槳的越人船夫擁楫而歌。
Glover has written between 15 and 20 books.
It burned for 30 hours and destroyed 1,500 buildings.
Pedagojik kısa videolar çeşitli fizik olayları ve teorileri ile ilgili bir dizi görüntüler.
左手路径和右手路径涉及两个发现于西方神秘传统里的两种相对的哲学，
It is a strong oxidizing agent and can start fires.
This pulmonary venous blood now is full of oxygen.
》2017年10月號，第8－25頁。
He or she is not neutral, but votes for his or hers party's policies.
To make it more comfortable they add to the hole little twigs or brushwood.
This brought her some notoriety in time, but not fame.
In the centre of Akalla there are restaurants, stores, schools, and pre-schools.
She has a goal of winning a medal in Tokyo.
Why did Chondrosteans react with such total reorganization?
This type of thought is known as 'historicism'.
Halkevi Sekreteri Ali Rıza Şencan, 1943'te Londra Türk Halkevinde İngilizlere Türkçe dersi veriyor.
包含Femsa墨西哥啤酒部門的100%股權，以及Femsa巴西啤酒部門的剩餘83%股權。
Positive peer pressure, in which people are influenced to do nice things like give to charity, is usually a good thing.
After that, he defended his title against Anthony Mundine, who had beaten him in 2009.
The rooms or chambers were lit by candles, and incense would make the rooms smell nice and clean the air in the temple.
The family is also known under its common name, the sundew family.
In the fifties, Popeye's cartoon catalog was sold by the Paramount studio to Associated Artists Productions for broadcast on television.
长岛因强烈的风暴潮导致数百条街道被洪水淹没，还出现了严重的海滩侵蚀。
Perhaps they have not yet been successfully voted on.
These two layers are separated by a single atomic layer of uncharged molecules in the solution.
Fugues can be very dramatic and exciting as each part comes in one at a time and the music builds up.
When filming has finished, an editor puts the moving pictures together in a way that tells the whole story within a set amount of time.
Brackman (1997), p. 22. Streets that went north and south were named after US states in the order they became part of the country.
Bolts won the Clásica de San Sebastián and Wesemann won his second and the first of four wins with the Telekom team of the famous stage race the Peace Race.
這三篇論文的英文標題分別為《On a Heuristic Point of View Concerning the Production and Transformation of Light》、
Enols are ambident nucleophiles, but, in general, nucleophilic at the carbon atom next to the carbons with double bond (alpha carbon atom).
Hanalei also means "crescent bay," coming from the shape of Hanalei Bay.
Gravity always points down into the ground (if you are not in space).
The most typical cheese is called brocciu.
The foot tunnel becomes very crowded during the morning and evening rush hours, and ticket barriers at the end of the tunnel are a particular pinch point.
Others of high rank stood.
A gunman disguised as a policeman opened fire at the campers, and killed 69 people.
It is on the north bank of the Boulder River.
Hiroaki Hirose, the bass guitarist, left and Yuma Meshida joined in 2011.
In 2007, 22366 people lived there.
嘉隆在援軍堀內氏善挾擊之下擊退了迎擊部隊，不久傳出西軍在關原的敗訊，
The community is named for the nearby Spanish Mission San Fernando Rey de España of 1784.
之后，叶赫军力不能支，退入城内坚守。
The palace is named after Mount Potalaka, Avalokiteśvara's home.
Oyun Total War serisinin altıncı ana oyunudur,siyaset ve büyük askeri seferlerle 19.yüzyılın başına odaklanır.
This hunting is done both for food and to make clothes.
Freedom: A Documentary History of Emancipation, 1861–1867 5 vol Cambridge University Press, 1982.
The government also charges VAT citation on some services.
Semigalyalılarin arazilerinin Haçlılar tarafından fethedilmesine başlangıç tarihi 1219'da Riga'dan gelen bir Haçlılar ordusunun "Lielupe" su kanalı üzerinde en büyük liman olan "Mezotne"yi işgal etmeleri ile başladığı kabul edilmektedir.
In the same year a sketch of Simon Fraser, 11th Lord Lovat, afterwards beheaded on Tower Hill, had an exceptional success.
This is when the player has sprawled out to the floor in a last hope type of decision for the ball to land on their hand and it pop straight up.
隨著呼吸和釋放二氧化碳，密度會漸漸下降到與水相當，因此放久的雞蛋會浮起來。
He started to make music when he was a teenager.
Its molar mass is 35.01 g/mol.
In the knockouts, the remaining artists once again battle each other, however this time they work individually with their coach.
It is published Monday to Saturday.
As soon as they released their mini-album Girl's Day Party 1 on July 9, they were caught in controversy because they didn't sing well on their first stage on "Music Bank".
原始公投主文為：「您是否同意：為避免非核家園政策所導致之空氣污染與生態浩劫，應廢除電業法第95條第一項；以終止非核家園政策，重啟核電機組，進而保障人民享有不缺電、不限電、不斷電與低廉電價的自由？
This category is for user accounts that have been identified as sockpuppets of Wwikix.
Gerty Cori then entered the German-language University where she received an M.D. degree.
It was planned that Nana Sahib would assemble a force of 1,500 soldiers to support the British, in case the rebellion spread to Cawnpore.
It is flexible, and can be used in serious situations as well as low key ones.
Before that the airport was in Riem.
Eventually, a person's breathing can stop.
The Tyee, April 26, 2011.
他反对中央集权、政府监管、所得税，还有强制性的教育，以及其他种种他认为是社会退化的做法。
江苏境内为东台－兴化－金湖－盱眙公路。
His main friends were the composers Nikolai Myaskovsky and Boris Asafiev.
Attack/Defend maps play asymmetrically.
As she is leaving the room, Bartolo and Basilio enter.
During the movie, V kills the priest, who was at the camp; a general named Lewis Prothero, who is now a talk show host; and Delia Surridge, who was a doctor.
The library began as the book collection of John Lindley.
DNA analysis would allow problems to be spotted in advance.
Whether it be a story, recipe, or even directions to Grandma's house, you can put it in a text file.
Çin bahçesi üç bin yıldan fazla bir zamandan bu yana geliştirilen manzara bahçe stilidir.
虍部通常從左、右、上方為部字。
The stibine is heated and a shiny area of antimony is made in the heated part of the tube.
Ingvar'ın erkek kardeşinin taşıdığı bir taş, altın için doğuya gittiğini, ancak Sarazen topraklarında öldüğünü gösterir.
“The poverty of amnesia: PRSPs in the legacy of structural adjustment.”
Choda assists Orgazmo with some specially designed sex toys.
Several rivers run through the Sahara.
Only 0.40% (that is, four voters in every thousand) wanted to join France.
获得金鸡奖、华表奖、金鹿奖以及上海国际电影节金爵奖影后等多项大奖。
他们认为，这能够鼓励寻找替代品。
Anderson is arrested, along with Dallas and Muddy.
Going downhill, it passes Kit's Coty House (English Heritage).
Gold asserted that a trickle of food from a deep, unreachable, source is needed for survival because life arising in a puddle of organic material is likely to consume all of its food and become extinct.
Hortencio has also performed in Musical Shows citation of Late.
In the Kurds' place, the government would move more Arabs onto the land.
Destroyed landing craft on fire with Canadian dead on the beach.
MGR ADMK was part of National Democratic Alliance.
逾年生一子，雱以貌不类己，百计欲杀之，竟以悸死，又与妻日相斗哄，荆公知其子失心，念其妇无罪，欲离异之，则恐其误被恶声；遂与择婿而嫁之。”
The relative pronouns are also used as interrogative pronouns.
Mostly region of up are occupied by farming.
In any case, you can be sure that the Scorpio will keep your secrets, whatever they may be.
Rudolf Davydovich Furmanov (22 October 1938 9 April 2021) was a Russian actor and stage director.
It is the seventh of the team's fourteen operettas.
The player with the best hand according to the poker variant being played wins the pot.
日本政府採取緊急措施，直接出面解決外洩問題，避免這問題變得更嚴重，這動作顯示出政府對於東電缺乏信心。
The catcher uses signals to tell the pitcher where to throw the ball.
About 770,000 of these strokes had symptoms which could be seen and 11 million were first-ever silent strokes.
After the war, Rear-Admiral Michael Musmanno, a U.S. naval officer and judge, published several accounts apparently based on eye-witness testimony: According to one account.
The 1976 primary was the first Republican primary to hold primaries in every state, the Democrats held the first nationwide primary in 1972.
It was founded by Jiraiya's students Yahiko, Nagato and Konan as a peacekeeping group in the Hidden Rain.
This includes 3 short "shuttle" routes.
Mac and Bloo both have different abilities.
Her mother told her to become a great student so she could get a job, unlike her.
These sponges are usually small (a few inches in height) and some are brightly colored.
The PCUSA filed suit against the fledgling denomination for its choice of name, and in 1939, the denomination adopted its current name, the Orthodox Presbyterian Church.
She was the middle child, with an older sister named Mary Maude and younger sister named Florence Fitch.
In 1974 a man named Arthur Fry came up with the idea for the sticky note.
He or she is the sovereign's representative, replacing the former Governor of Northern Ireland, and he or she is the Minister of the Crown with responsibility for governing Northern Ireland.
The structure originated as a small furniture factory Val-Kill Industries, and was converted to a cottage used by Eleanor and her close friends.
They are two species of about 10 and 20 cm in overall length.
The capital letter "L" is preferred by some people as the small "l" can look like the number one "1".
Fakat bu kapıcı ilerleyen bölümlerde değişmiştir.
Until her death, she was their only surviving child.
，洛克里奇鎮區的面積為93.63平方千米，當中陸地面積為92.89平方千米，而水域面積為0.74平方千米。
'nde ana muhalefette yer alan Kalkınma için Halk Partisi kapatıldı.
His works also included contributions to the publications Japan edited by Frank Brinkley (1904); the History of Nations Series (1907); China and the Far East (1910); Japan and Japanese-American Relations (1912); and The Pacific Ocean in History (1917).
He led the band Dan Hicks and His Hot Licks.
They help to guard the Golden Fleece.
Casio, E-200'ün piyasaya sürülmesinin ardından pazarda zorluklar yaşadıktan sonra, ABD pazarına ve Avrupa pazarlarına yönelik daha fazla birim üretmemeye, bunun yerine Japon pazarına odaklanmaya karar verdi.
Big D rapped on the song.
The result of an SQL query is a set of rows with a fixed number of columns.
They were announced on August 28, 2014 and released in Japan on October 11, 2014, in Australia on November 21, 2014, and in Europe and North America on February 13, 2015.
Sandgaard’s ownership of CAFC is disputed by Craig Freeman.
由于塔莉对她的背叛负有责任的感觉，因此她决定成为一名美人并测试治疗。
时隔一天，《塞尔达传说 时之笛 3D》于2011年6月17日在欧洲地区上市。
，结果恒大以6比2的比分大胜对手 citation 。7日，俱乐部宣布已完成工商登记的变更手续，公司名称更改为广州恒大淘宝足球俱乐部有限公司 citation ，不过根据中国足协的相关规定，球队仍以广州恒大足球俱乐部的名义参加2014赛季的比赛。
One of the main differences from Knoppix was the support of hard disk installation.
It operates the television and radio channels in Scotland.
Her husband thought she was being unfaithful to her, and cut her face out of jealousy.
相比同等擁有直臂的弓，反曲弓可儲存更多能量，使得射出的箭有更高的動能。
這樣，便能得知若邊無限地根據比例加長，角度都保持不變。
On October 19, 2010 China Daily reported that China will "further reduce quotas for rare earth exports by 30 percent at most next year to protect the precious metals from over-exploitation".
He ruled with Eochaid, a disputed king of the Picts who claimed the throne during the whole of Giric's reign.
而做为吳國对手的楚国也认为吴国是周王室的苗裔 《左传·昭公三十年》：“子西谏曰：「……吴，周之胄裔也，而弃在海滨，不与姬通。
Many German soldiers froze to death in the extreme cold.
Ayrıca, bu tarihte Elmadağ ve Gölbaşı bucakları Çankaya ilçesine bağlanmıştır.
Bu reaksiyon, zayıf nükleer kuvvet tarafından başlatılmasından dolayı oldukça yavaştır.
Hall of Fame member Jim Steranko at the February 2009 convention.
化学式CH 4 N 2 可以指以下化合物：
He survived with his younger brother, Alex Summers.
A dakini is often depicted as beautiful and naked.
His portrait is depicted on the obverse of the Croatian 1000 Croatian kuna banknote, issued in 1993.
Gold Marilyn subtly conveys these struggles Monroe and Warhol both underwent.
The job of President was created in 1839.
A female can have babies at the about 14 months old.
San Marcos and the colleges of San Carlos and San Fernando (after incorporated to the university) were monitored by the Viceroy.
Waterbending, Earthbending, Firebending and Airbending Another feature is Aang's ability to go into the Avatar State and unleash its power on enemies.
Many countries went back to having leaders that limited rights and many terrorist groups were made.
In some regions, people speak other languages.
The camera also offers Single Take, which allows users to capture photos or videos at the same time with different sensors automatically.
It is an abbreviation.
Substances are deprotonated by other substances more basic than themselves.
The Quebec Bridge is of the general structure demonstrated above.
The club won the 1979 Empress's Cup.
There was only the 9th legion (Legio IX Hispana) to defend it.
Li Zhaoxing (Zh; born 20 October 1940) is a Chinese politician.
It has very dark eyes.
It is the most severe form of FGM.
，生长于海拔1,500米至3,000米的地区，多生于林下或林缘，目前尚未由人工引种栽培。
The station is one of those which were classified as "Prime stations" because of their provisions for more services than other stations.
，以4-3擊敗對手，贏得2004年賽季的總冠軍。
If you destroy the 'Ranged Barracks' or 'Melee Barracks', the corresponding creeps spawn at the lane will be more powerful.
It contains new features including Stereoscopic 3D Editing, Comprehensive Closed Captioning, GPU-Accelerated AVC Encoding (Using NVIDIA CUDA), Image Stabilization, Audio Event FX, Track Management, OpenFX plugins support.
It is weekly presented in the newspaper VG and the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation program Topp 20. It is considered the primary Norwegian record chart, charting albums and singles from countries around the world.
It destroyed homes and caused power outages.
When a mobile phone is switched on, its radio receiver finds a nearby mobile phone network base station, and its transmitter sends a request for service.
Lalande told her that she should not be reading such works, rather she should be reading the second edition of his book Astronomie des dames.
He acquired property in four countries.
In some of these same 25 countries, FGM is very common.
It was one of only three restaurants in Spain with this ranking.
Shel Silverstein won multiple awards for his children’s poetry books.
He does the paperwork for Planet Express and organizes everything.
女王大学的代理校长和副校监由詹姆士·麦克伊尔内（James McElnay）担任，
The following season, he began a three-year stint in the Montreal City Hockey League (MCHL) with the Verdun Maple Leafs and Montreal Sr. Canadiens.
Richard Carter (11 December 1953 – 13 July 2019) was an Australian actor.
'ün yerine oyuna girerek takımındaki ilk resmî maçına çıktı.
It is the first three-digit number above zero.
Nijinsky was an artist of the greatest magnitude who could lead the Ballets Russes to unheard of success and international renown.
He was born in Castelsagrat.
，陸續完成蔣介石行館、海濱公園、動物園等。
Pseudo bir canlı performans, aslında Coolio serbest stil-rap yapması Dexter'ın yanında hareketli sahneden önce bağırır Cartoon Network karakterleri dolar.
Salmon Arm is found in the Shuswap Country of the Southern Interior.
Bunlardan "Bonn Mısır Müzesi" (Ägyptisches Museum Bonn), yaklaşık 3000 adet orijinal eser sergilemektedir.
This is the last resort, when all other methods of discipline have failed.
Some parts of Spain actually enforced this order.
It currently covers several areas of London.
Yerleşme tarihi 1916-1923 yılları arasındadır.
The wheels did not fully go into the plane.
If a very large amount of water is used it is possible to drink too much water, so the use of care is important.
She loves Takeo, but she is too shy to tell him.
In 1861 the Saugor and Nerbudda Territories were combined with Nagpur Province, which the British had taken over in 1853, to form the Central Provinces.
However, Abyss left ROH before he could use the privilege.
Souness, the former Liverpool player, paid Ipswich £725,000 for him in July 1986.
At the south of Infiernillo, Playa Hermosa is found, which is great for walking and fishing.
Ilsanker played for Austria at the 2007 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship and was a member of the Austria national under-21 football team.
In 1925 the name was changed to the Cowley High School.
He studied shop-window display at the Zurich Kunstgewerbeschule and taught there from 1948.
They may go to buy things, or just to look.
Problems with executive function are probably caused by large networks in the brain.
Rates vary between countries with prevalences between 1 and 18%.
，涉及线路包括寶蘭客運專線、西成客運專線、渝黔客運專線和蘭渝客運專線 citation 。
He helped in persuading the band to continue with American guitarist Tommy Bolin (of Billy Cobham and The James Gang).
It is against the law on Rottnest Island to handle or touch the animals in any way.
Louis (uçak), Charles Lindbergh'in 1927 yılında Atlas Okyanusu'nu tek başına hiç durmadan geçerek rekor kırdığı uçağına verdiği ad.
After that date, they may still work, but only to a lesser extent.
Later, Afrikaans was sometimes called "African Dutch" or "Kitchen Dutch".
》将本游戏列为十大具有政治性游戏。
The definition and practice varies greatly between countries.
The biggest airships were rigid airships, made in the 1920s and 1930s.
Köprüyü farklı kılan özellikler, kullanılan hafif malzemeler ve taşların sofistike simetrisidir.
The team's achievements have led to many commentators and football experts naming them one of the best international sides in football history.
Modern factories and modern styles of bricks has substituted the hand bricks.
Baking soda is rarely found in the earth.
Jackson wanted the album to be called "La Toya" but her dad would not let her.
Removing Internet Explorer does have a number of consequences.
随后会出现一组大小不一的红色正方形，其中只有一个与最初的完全一样。
He meant by this that rhythm was very important in his music.
Many species use their wings to make sounds, which we usually call "chirping" noises.
The pilot of a glider can make it climb by flying to these places.
时世有佛，号曰善德，如来、应供、正遍知、明行足、善逝、世间解、无上士、调御丈夫、天人师、佛、世尊。”
The current head of the business (CEO) is Edmund (Ted) F. Kelly. citation He was appointed CEO in 1998.
John Ramsay, 1st Lord Bothwell (born about 1464, died 1513) was a Scottish lord.
因此HGV型只有中美在研發，中國至2017年為止已經七次試射成功，且國際戰略界相信曝光於閱兵中的東風-ZF (DF-ZF)型飛彈就是實戰化的HGV武器，已經居於服役階段。
They make their nests from living leaves, still attached to the tree.
The back of the medal has the Royal Cypher in the centre and the year of issue engraved on the lower arm.
三阴性主要为临床用语，基底样为cDNA微阵列定义的分子表型 citation 。
在人体中，正常的尿酸浓度范围的上限是：男性400 µmol/L （6.8 mg/dL），女性360 µmol/L（6 mg/dL） citation 。
但在此后，一直状态不佳而且出场机会寥寥的弗朗西斯选择了离队 citation ，他总共为北京首钢队效力14天，出场4次，得到两分。
By 1849, fifteen states had switched to private hangings.
，距今已有600多年历史 citation 。
長的像木暮，最喜歡在一瞬間搶球。
The government gave them weapons.
''Age of Empires III: Definitive Edition was announced on August 21, 2017, and it is still in development.
He writes her several letters, but receives no reply.
It is among Lefebvre's best known works.
He started to compose a lot of his greatest works and received many honours from universities.
He scored 33 goals in 479 league games in a 13-year career in the Football League.
The milk of soft cheeses (à pate molle in French) is not heated during the production of the cheese.
設立第五個國外直接服務據點－柬埔寨分事務所。
Kaskinen is buildt on an island.
It says he is "contemplating a solution to the mouse occupancy of the house" and has told Downing Street that such a solution is still in the "tactical planning stage".
Reyna started his career for Alianza Lima, where he played in the youth teams.
Iommi used several riffs in Black Sabbath's songs.
Another difference is that type 2 diabetes can happen to anyone at any age.
Blood Sweat and Tears was recorded live at The Swan in Stockwell, London in 1992.
Merrionette Park is located at coord (41.684, -87.701).
Object-oriented programming has the notion of classes (and perhaps interfaces).
A contraindication is a reason why a medication should not be given.
This was the first Aboriginal land rights law in the country.
He was the United States Ambassador to China from May 24, 2017 to October 4, 2020.
曾因超凡身手而被招攬入公安零課，後因追捕一十一受傷短暫失明而長期休養。
They reflect the social environment and political activities of the youth movement in Seattle during that period.
La Rioja ve San Juan eyaletlerinde de şiddet olayları yaşandı.
In early April 2015 allegations of rape were made public in the Belgian media.
The conflicts joined from two separate conflicts.
It is also believed that Mars once had an Earth-like environment early in its history.
'na bağlı 2. Ordu Komutanlığı'nın sevk ve idaresinde, Jandarma Asayiş Kolordu Komutanlığı tarafından gerçekleştirilen harekât, Kara Kuvvetleri Komutanlığı ve Türk Hava Kuvvetleri'ne bağlı unsurlarca da desteklenmiştir.
Includes all footnotes and eleven of the original seventy-one chapters.
Tekkenin giriş kapısının sol kısmında ise bir çeşme bulunmaktadır.
Burnout Revenge is a car racing game from the Burnout series of video games.
For the rest of his life the Yves Saint Laurent fashion house was at the top of Parisian couture.
'yla yok etmeye çalıştı.
Üç yeni kamp, sadece öldürme amaçlı inşa edildi ve Yahudileri oldukça çabuk bir şekilde öldürmeye tasarlandı.
The noun idiocy describes the state of being idiotic.
Using a certain architecture for a system also means making choices.
As of 2011, Pringles are sold in more than 140 countries.
She studied law at the Pontifical Catholic University of Peru.
It was distributed by Metro Pictures.
墓位于咸阳城北7公里处秦都区马庄乡开阁村。
There are many versions of Audrey, including Audie, Audra and Audrea.
His photographs of California modern architecture have been published in magazines and books, displayed in museums.
The Americans had 71 deaths and the Japanese around 400 killed.
Pitjantjatjara people are closely related to their two closest neighbours: the Yankunytjatjara and the Ngaanyatjarra.
Despite the turmoil, Puccini was considering the David Belasco play Tosca as yet another project.
Each show centered around teaching viewers how to grow one edible crop from seed to harvest.
林肯后来对于自己的一些言论感到后悔，尤其是他对总统开战权力的攻击 Donald (1996), p. 128. 。
There is the Milwaukee Art Museum.
在1822年3月15日，临时政府法令第540条确定了各个旗帜：蓝底白十字旗为陆用旗；有9条颜色为蓝色和白色的条纹，右上角为蓝底白十字旗的旗帜为軍艦旗；右上角为白底蓝十字，其他地方均为蓝色的旗帜为商船旗。
現時，101聯絡處共分為5科。
The pyramid is one of the city's symbols.
He got married with Aliaksandra Baskava (Shyshko).
Office numbers go clockwise around each of the rings, and have two parts: a nearest-corridor number (1 to 10) followed by a bay number (00 to 99), so office numbers range from 100 to 1099.
His childhood title was Prince Yoshi.
His most famous song are "Seaman" (Zh) and "Stars lamps" (Zh).
Fakat Hac yolundan Abdüllatif'in adamları tarafından yakalanarak öldürüldü.
He was able to stop all 26 shots that he had faced, and improved to 10-1-3 on the season.
" (innocent until proven otherwise).
It became broader and shallower, with an extremely thin soundboard.
Topraklamanın görevini yapabilmesi için cihazın gövdesinden toprağa kadar olan elektriksel direncin yeterince düşük olması gerekir.
Only 22 games were released in Japan and North America.
J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. is a big company that used to be several smaller companies.
" became a symbol of Paris.
Although the corn snake is distinguished by its bright red orange colored scales, possible mutations can occur completely rejecting these pigments, changing its appearance.
It made over US$137 million.
She is always the one that needs to be saved.
在定期会议上，全体成员对提出的每一部书稿进行逐字逐句的严格讨论。
They say they do.
The legions were separated into centuries, made up of 80 soldiers and 20 other men who remained in the camp to cook and do other chores.
His 1988 documentary The Thin Blue Line is said to be the best and most documentaries ever made.
Mineta himself is unaffected to their sticky effects and able to trampoline on them as they are also extremely stretchy.
Many old churches are also very interesting places.
The underside is off-white to light gray.
Inside the mantle in some species is a very small, flat shell.
There are two types of ballasts, magnetic and electronic.
The poem is written by Ligeia as she is dying, though it is actually recited by the narrator, her husband.
It is at No. 201 Hongmei Road, minghang district.
Murtuz Alaskerov, aralarında çok sayıda monografi, ders kitabı ve öğretim yardımcılarının da bulunduğu 200'den fazla bilimsel eser yazmıştır.
Smaller form factors that directly interfaces with PCIe and NVMe slots emerged.
All surgery that involves cutting open the body poses massive risks of infection.
An important tributary, Verdugo Wash, flows in from the left.
Because naphthalene can catch fire easily, modern mothballs use 1,4-dichlorobenzene instead.
Naturist Christians can be found in almost all of the different groups of Christianity, called "
Korea: a Historical and Cultural Dictionary, p. 190. The Joseon ambassador was received by Hideyoshi.
From the second century, St.
Miroslav Klose playing for Werder Bremen.
As well as making appearances at the stadium on match days, Ronnie also travels around schools in Leeds promoting sport and healthy living.
在奈美的幫忙下與拓斗同班並加入電影同好會。
She also often has a lower level of general education.
同時也接納多番照顧和保護梅茵的斐迪南成為其女婿。
服务器端呈现为可链接至任意应用程序的动态链接库形式向客户端提供连接。
A music video for the remix has been released, directed by Ken Koller.
Mr. and Mrs. Collyer stood behind Malott as students threw eggs at him.
When his mother visited from Australia, she forcibly evicted Donna.
Line art diagram of a differential gear.
It allows any part of body to be touched and must use minimum force.
It has an area of convert, the fifth largest in the country.
The population was 23,497 at the 2010 census.
They get their name from the fact that one species of apple snails can grow to be the size of an apple.
NVIDIA稱GTX 200核心採用了第二代的統一架構。
She tells them they ought to fly away to freedom.
After his years in Greece he came back to Austria playing for LASK Linz.
It is also called the Don Felipe's weasel.
南京（1927年4月18日～1937年11月17日）
The traditional types all work to collect visible light from the sky.
He married a woman named Shylah.
嘉庆十九年（1814年）颜检又奉命以三品顶戴任浙江巡抚，他上书奏请疏浚杭州西湖，兴修水利。
He made his debut with the club on September 10 that year, against ‘Manchester United’ in the ‘Manchester’ derby.
Thiémé was mayor of Marly, Nord from 2008 until his death.
Bölüm, yayınlandığı gece Birleşik Krallık'ta 5,45 milyon seyirci tarafından izlendi.
久食麥屑，不啖鹽酢，坐臥于單荐，因虛腫不能起。
He made only two appearances for England, the latter of which came in 2013.
It was performed in Naples in 1702.
St. Peter's Piazza, seen from the dome of the basilica.
其英文原名為“DARKIE”；
Ambrose (1997), p. 117 It was protected by the Siegfried Line.
Still, these institutions were dominant in society.
Degas and the business of art: a cotton office in New Orleans.
He was Ambassador from the United Kingdom to Japan (1980–84), President of the Asiatic Society of Japan (1982–1983) and Chairman of the Japan Society of London (1985–95).
Sleipnir is described as the best and fastest of all horses.
Yaprak kenarı testere dişli ya da ince testere dişli; yaprak ucu körelmiş sivri uçlu, inci sivri uçlu ya da küttür.
Herodot'a göre Grek İttifakı Donanması'nın sol (kuzey) kanadı günümüzdeki adıyla Ayios Georgis adasına, güney kanadı ise Vavari Burnu açıklarına dayanmaktadır.
He can either spit them back out and send them flying (hurting or destroying anything in their path), or he can swallow them.
The band was forced to change their name because a rap group had already owned the name.
The storm killed one person and caused $27,000 in damage.
He is a member of the Cambodian People's Party.
This means they are the species that most interacts with people.
The bureaucracy and red tape claims bring into question excuse-making.
，虽然與经典力学应用著同样力学规律，惟导致性质上完全不同的规律性。
Stuart's discoveries opened up the country for the growth of farming sheep and cattle.
Rolling Stone'dan Brittany Spanos parçaya iltifat etti ve onu "havalı, hipnotik bir aşk şarkısı" olarak tanımladı.
Yet a single electron would travel simultaneously though multiple holes, however many were placed in front of it.
Very often there are other side-dishes that are served with Fish and chips (also called a 'chippie' or 'fish shop').
在2003年，該區間工程完成，回復至無人車站。
When he arrives though, he and his followers are betrayed and their former allies begin to attack.
However, it shrunk in size - bringing its size to only 380 times bigger than the Sun.
She was the Member of the Executive Council (MEC) for Health from 2014 to 2018.
He came second to his friend, Phil Lester.
He also decided there should be only one abbot to rule both houses.
Er'in teorisine göre, Ferisilerin ortaya çıkışı Farsların (Perslerin) ülkeyi işgâli (Ahameniş İmparatorluğu) döneminde, onların âhiret inancından etkilenmeleriyle meydana geldi.
German diplomacy faced a catastrophic situation".
A redshift survey is a survey that looks for redshifts.
The patient was a 14-year-old boy named Mickey.
The first recorded instances of the disease were in the United States, in Philadelphia and New York City in early 1843.
The Nazis began building Auschwitz II in October 1941, because Auschwitz I was getting too crowded.
So Metternich convinced the czar that if he attacked now, the Ottoman Empire would fall apart before the czar was ready to take it for himself, and that Great Britain and France would get most of it.
萊利蹤跡不明，認定小玲是殺死心愛之人的兇手，凶性大發與眾人大戰，天佑不敵被萊利所殺。
As usual, TNA tries to find a way out of a stipulation.
而加拿大軍隊使用了修改版本M82，以符合當地的需求，並且命名為“7.62 毫米C3步槍”。
İnşaatın Mart 2016'da başlaması ve 2019'da tamamlanması beklenmektedir.
作为一支卫星球队，俱乐部吸引了很多年轻球员。
The show moved to TBS in 2014.
The movie was produced by S. R. Prakashbabu and S. R. Prabhu of Dream Warrior Pictures.
It is free to get in and the museum in run by a charity.
The Class 325 was British Rail's newest unit to take over parcels working on electrified lines.
If the customer breaks the rules, then they agree to pay a fine for doing so.
The entire fruit may weigh up to 23 kilograms (50 pounds) and usually contains a single seed.
Journey to the ants: a story of scientific exploration, with Bert Hölldobler.
According to tradition, the League was formed through the efforts of two men, Deganawida, sometimes known as the Great Peacemaker, and Hiawatha.
于是王处回后来家资巨万，财货达到内廷的三分之二。
There is no silvering.
Harry Luckless is the main character of the play.
Bids at the one level are offers to make at least seven tricks.
这是历史上第一个保护使用者免受细菌感染的口罩。
夹谷衡（1149年－1199年），姓夹谷，本名阿里不，也作阿里补。
They also want to help people become excited about telling other people about their religion.
He also met his wife Rita there.
Almost all assembly languages do not enforce type safety.
Braun Strowman, eliminated Big Cass to win the match.
In his later list McNamara said that he and the Kennedy and Johnson administrations "were wrong" about Vietnam.
They are used alone, or with multiple linked telescopes.
"The Queen's Birthday Honours 1996" (10 June 1996) 59 New Zealand Gazette, at pp. 1487–88.
The muscle and fat that make up the modern western diet are however poor sources.
The airport is in Hakata, which is south-east of the city center.
一些评论家认为斯皮尔伯格对郊区的描写非常黑暗，与人们的普遍看法相反。
He moved to Denmark with his family, and became a leading religious leader in the Danish Islamic community.
恰恰因为这些多余的间隙，相关部门可于未来为桥下的人行道多铺几层混凝土 （英文） citation 。
He also attacked many parts of Punjab.
In Speedword, each letter in the word was revealed one at a time.
所有学生（法国和外国籍）都拥有一套综合理工特有的制服，被称为“大制服”（Grand Uniforme）。
It can also snow in Winston-Salem.
Spherical mirrors are easier to make than parabolic mirrors and they are often used to produce approximately collimated light.
The essence of functional programming.
The name Awaba, means "a plain surface".
Before he moved to Vermont in August 2002, he was director of the University of Maryland, College Park Institute for Ecological Economics, and a professor in the Center for Environmental Science, at Solomons, and in the Biology Department at College Park.
，2015年更名为巴士四公司。
The values need to be arranged in a list, from the lowest to highest.
It's very comfortable because there is the sea near it.
He studied at Davidson College.
After leaving the Stones he formed together with Jack Bruce, Carla Bley and Bruce Gary the Jack Bruce Band.
Three of the craters—Rochechouart, Manicouagan and Saint Martin—formed a convert chain at latitude 22.8° N, while Obolon' and Red Wing lay on identical declination paths with Rochechouart and Saint Martin respectively.
František Reichel (27 January 1938 – 20 November 2020) was a Czech politician.
The Suffolk Street Fellowship was formed because of the question in what way the Bible was inspired by God.
The company is known for accessories and gifts including handbags and clutches for women.
藝術設計學院校园自1986年起搬到赫尔辛基市东北部的阿拉比亚区域（Arabia）。
Mbasonga promised to start over and to do a better job at governing the country.
Many students are currently involved in these exchange programs.
The rivers in this section are sorted east to west.
This causes the nuclear reaction to stop.
On 1 January 2018, van Dijk joined Liverpool.
The D76, D474, D475 and D944 roads pass through the commune of Orcières.
遊樂船隻二級操作人證明書持有人可掌管總長度不超過15米而在香港水域內操作的遊樂船隻；
There is a difference between superficial analogies and profound analogies.
It can be summed in a single word (e.g. love, death, betrayal).
Roman karakterlerinin yaşantıları, davranışları, tavırları çok dikkatli bir şekilde yansıtılır ve doğal halleriyle anlatılır.
Murray was found guilty of involuntary manslaughter of Jackson.
They live by eating humans.
Each regional has 17 teams, seeded (numbered from best to worst) 1 through 17. The 16 and 17 seeds play each other at the beginning.
Bambi gets back to the den but finds that his mother is not there.
Since then, Hank and John have been active on the channel, making videos back and forth.
If people are not working, the economy is bad.
At this tournament, he played all 3 matches and scored 2 goals.
To cover up his mistake, he claimed that his division took more than 1,500 prisoners.
'na katılan İlk ve tek takımdır.
Dünya Savaşı'ndan önce, Asya'nın çoğu sömürge yönetimi altındaydı.
Cuffs are a layer of fabric put at the wrists.
Using these elements, the suspension parts are fastened together, and also the suspension is attached to the body or frame of the car.
That is really small, but since "W" and "i" appear an infinite amount of times in the monkey's words it becomes certain.
He was never good at school.
It has only one municipal district (a subdivision of a municipality): Jamao Afuera.
Their early works are usually seen as a type of Krautrock.
The movie is about the evil Horned King who hopes to secure the magical Black Cauldron and rule the world with its help.
He has had a long political career going back to the 1970s.
She had a baby (named Mariano Menor Jr) with him after the 2008 Games.
Not, of course, as the dominant religion, but they do survive.
The duo played worldwide to thousands of people.
Seven amendments to the Articles of Confederation were proposed.
There are other countries within the mountain range.
Many news companies and people who do research have shown that what she said is not true.
Andrew Jackson "Jack" Pope, Jr. (April 18, 1913 February 25, 2017) was an American judge, attorney, author and legal scholar.
It was hunted for their skins in the 19th and 20th centuries.
The first meeting was in 1848 in Seneca Falls, New York.
The Prime Minister appoints the Council of Ministers, distributes portfolios among them, acts as the link between the Council of Ministers and the President and is the chief spokesperson of India's foreign policy.
Kaiho Tuomas Albin Gerdt (28 May 1922 1 November 2020) was a Knight of the Mannerheim Cross.
在二十世纪九十年代初期，丹妮丝只接到了一些低成本电影、电视剧的客串工作。1991年，《奉子成婚》中客串了一个角色；1997年，丹妮丝在电影《星河战队》中成为次要主角，在剧中饰演卡曼·伊班尼兹。 citation 1998年，丹妮丝又在知名的驚悚懸疑电影《
The first platypus specimen arrived in England in 1799 in the form of a skin of a dead platypus, so biologists could study it.
Also, GOT7 has debuted in Japan too.
In July 2008, Boeing brought out new brakes for 737NGs.
Matches between F.C. Barcelona and Real Madrid are called "
National energy policy has a significant effect on energy usage across all four sectors.
。 citation 1998年，观音阁曾进行过一次维修，维修时从观音阁上取下的木料进行了碳十四年代测定等相关研究，还在观音阁顶上发现了唐代的莲花勾头。
El Búho TV was broadcast on the Viva TV channel in Arequipa, until pressures from politicians and advertisers took it off the air.
It was launched February 11, 1970.
In 2007, 13300 people lived there.
He ran for reelection in 2002 and won with 56 percent to become Florida's first two-term Republican governor.
Bu sebeplerden ötürü formülün önünde olmaması gereken bir ½ bulmuştu.
It is brought forth by Dante's twin brother, Vergil, and a demon-worshiping human named Arkham.
This is reflected in him using his Stand Killer Queen to destroy all but the hand of his victim to caress as his leisure before eventually destroying it.
Hells Angels is a motorcycle club with a worldwide membership.
Lots of changes were made to ski poles from 1950 to 1975.
The Allies got some information about Auschwitz's camps between 1941 and 1944.
For example, western style riding usually uses a curb bit.
Batı'da yeni oyun kitaplarının üretimi 1990'larda seçim temelli öyküler baskı tabanlı medyadan uzaklaştıkça önemli ölçüde azaldı, ancak format mobil ve e-kitap platformlarında yeniden canlanıyor olabilir.
Now I read The Grand Inquisitor once more, and my heart sinks right through my shoes."
Stephen P. Synnott is an American astronomer.
Li Zicheng (22 September 1606 – 1645), born Li Hongji, nicknamed "Dashing King"or "Chuang King", Li was a Chinese Uprising leader.
Scalise was charged with the murders after Damora came up with an alibi.
》、《Where You Are》（日語與英語版）、《Time is Over》、《Have a Good Night》、《Wake Up》 、《No More》、《Mr.
He died on February 12, 2021.
Building was completed by 1604.
It is often thought that Bostonians have a strong sense of culture.
The current bishop is Frederick Henry, who was appointed in 1998.
It provides them with a national office and national and international presence.
It may also have hunted in packs to bring down other dinosaurs.
Osmanlı, kendi diplomatik misyonlarını 1930'larda, ABD'ninkilerden yaklaşık 30 yıl sonra açtığı için Kuneralp'e göre Osmanlı, ABD'ye elçilik açmada "görece geç" kalmıştır.
Bu tanklar 1948 yılındaki Arap-İsrail Savaşı sırasında da kullanıldı.
A smaller new hall burned down in 1749.
飞机总航行时间超过18,000小时，投下530万升（140万加仑）阻燃剂和3800万升（1000万加仑）水。
However, they were already taken before the three got here.
In 2004, the population was estimated at 2,498 inhabitants.
Currently available in the 1.6-litre and 1.3-litre variants, the Campro engine now powers most of Proton's newer models.
In 1926, the arrondissement was eliminated but in 1933 it became again an arrondissement of the Ain department.
Lionel at the Melbourne International Film Festival in 2008.
In 2019, she released her sixth studio album, Beauty Marks, which is preceded by the hit lead singles, "Level Up", “
It features rumble in it.
Besides the digitalized volumes DIO features an elaborated search interface, news concerning epigraphy and series of articles.
It added the robot vehicle.
"Aviation Safety Network > ASN Aviation Safety Database > Geographical Regions > South Korea Air Safety Profile."
They either walked out or stayed away.
Christian and his security team have tracked Ana's cell phone.
The stage is 61 meters long.
That same day September 24, 1789 the House agreed on the 12 proposed amendments.
He was selected Best Eleven in 1968.
但是，由于操作手册本身具有缺陷，再加上厂房内存在极强的辐射，泄压进行得十分艰难。
A storm was named Isbell for the first time in 1964.
Small air blisters (blebs) can develop on the top of the surface of the lungs.
Many rivers flow through the Mahilyow Voblast.
Chinese folk religion is a religion that has been practised in China for thousands of years.
In 1993 Happy Days, Sweetheart, the only album by Ethyl Meatplow, a band Bozulich was a member of, was released.
Another term frequently used for Celtic polytheism is Celtic paganism.
The process of removing the hair is referred to as electrolysis.
這些水井在現今被稱為阿里之井。
After David was treated, Clara felt anxious and restless.
He believed that ideas of heaven came from an inability to cope with life in the world.
The morning levée begins.
Many people use pseudonyms, including authors (
That usage soon disappeared and was replaced with "assembly, congregation, council", or "convocation".
吉斯伯恩有長時間的日照，肥沃的土壤和河川帶來豐富的水源；因此，畜牧業發達；其他園藝、農業等種植的農產品，如葡萄經過加工釀製成酒。
Drummer, singer and songwriter Tim O'Reagan joined the band for the 1995 tour.
The Patriarch of Constantinople is the "first among equals"; his power is not absolute, as seen when meeting with other Patriarchs.
And these walls will keep the history of the Marine Corps alive for generations of Americans to come."
The 707-120 was the first type of 707. The plane could hold 179 passengers.
If the Secretary of State resigns or dies, the Deputy Secretary of State becomes Acting Secretary of State until the President nominates and the Senate confirms a replacement.
Savsırıko ve atı,bu sırları,zayıf noktaları keşfedildikten sonra alt edilebilmiştir.
It lives in Asia.
He's also known as "Master of Disguises" cause his ability for disguising for every situation.
Between 1921–1923 major changes were done to the interior.
推動成立香港影視明星體育協會慈善基金，服務對像以老人為主。
We now know a good deal about how the development of segmented animals is controlled.
He was married to Marina de Freitas Pacheco.
The Sumerians were probably the first people to brew beer.
He said that the two electrons must have been spin-up or spin-down all along, but that quantum mechanics could not predict which characteristic each electron had.
McNair had made the tints himself, but the officer was suspicious because the van looked like it was a lot of money.
All 37 on board perish.
Bird City is a part of USD 103 Cheylin.
座位是一前一後，正駕駛員在後上方，副駕駛員兼火砲瞄準手在前。
It was not easy for him in Prague because he was only known there as a pianist and teacher.
Özellikle üzüm ve zeytin, Kilis'e katma değer kazandıran iki önemli ürün grubunu oluşturmaktadır.
劳动资料也称劳动手段，是劳动过程中所运用的物质资料或物质条件。
REAL resmen 31 Ağustos 2020'de kayıtlara alınsa da, Şubat seçimlerine bağımsız adaylarla katılmıştır.
，日間為醫療中心，晚上則用作街坊福利會的議事場所。
The view from the Windows on the World restaurant.
Later, Arminius returned to Germania with Varus, and became his trusted advisor.
The rest was added in 1883 to Washoe county.
It eats fruits and seeds.
文化分析高度依賴以軟體為基礎的工具，並與新近的軟體研究相關。
Prem Rawat took over at the age of eight when his father died.
Then, he founded two French airlines : L'Avion in 2006 and La Compagnie in 2013.
He is leader of the All Basotho Convention (ABC) political party.
Water from these rivers comes from the granitic areas and is very pure.
When the queen discovers her husband's passion for a servant girl, she becomes very angry and orders that this girl is sent to prison; but it turns out that the girl is a princess, therefore the affair is accepted in the end.
In the 1980s he was the Executive Director of the Armenian National Committee of Canada.
There are also forms found in soil and aquatic environments.
'un ardından tahta çıkan Gaius Caesar.
It looks like the alphabet character called hua (華).
To find the circumference of a circle, use the formula C (
This mode allows you for matrices up to 4x4.
In 2011 Guadalajara hosted the Panamerican Games and Plans to bid for the 2028 Summer Olympic Games.
It is common in other parts of the world where humans have carried it.
Short 'e' is ε epsilon, long 'e' is η eta.
It is known for being difficult to perform well.
It is a very popular plant with beginners, as it is easy to grow and propagate.
It has been the capital since 1865.
Simon was the theater critic at New York for 36 years from October 1968 until May 2005.
He also appears in the Divine comedy.
At this point, having come so far, there seems to have been some questioning of what exactly should be done.
The oyatoi came from many nations.
He was one of the earliest chess players to take the endgame into account when choosing and playing the opening.
It was released in January 17, 2013 by Imangi Studios.
Only a handful of people survive.
The sub-unit of the ariary, the iraimbilanja, was worth ⅕ of an ariary.
This species is the largest bat (Chiroptera) in the New World.
Others say that the quality of the pleasure matters.
Bu durumda komşu akarsulardan daha yavaş aşındırma yapanlara doğru yaklaşır.
Even though, reality is a figment of thought.
The county covers 1,486.31 square kilometers (573.87 square miles) and its population in 2011 is 56,881.
In 2005, Black Sabbath were inducted into the "UK Music Hall of Fame".
Pérez Villamonte was ordained to the priesthood in 1962.
In January 1630 they separated completely.
The standing version is likely applied by stepping off of the opponent's chest and delivering a knee to their face.
Big Wednesday is a 1978 American surfing drama movie.
Many of these were discovered between 1980 and 1992.
This means it is the reader who will choose the meanings of words.
Some animals use venom to kill another animal that they are going to eat.
Not much organised help exists for them in poor countries.
宋克劝阻婉仪离开阿狼未果，竟想将阿狼赶出宋家，济公及时出现救下阿狼，并告知阿狼与婉仪是前世注定的姻缘。
However, the series didn't prove as popular as its predecessors and was eventually cancelled after 13 episodes.
Shi-won, the main character, is a huge fan of H.O.T, one of the first generation idol groups.
These authors look at several games including the prisoner's dilemma, Stag hunt, and the Nash bargaining game as providing an explanation for the emergence of attitudes about morality (see, e.g., Skyrms (1996, 2004) and Sober and Wilson (1999)).
It was created on July 2, 2001.
Mr Wong Wai Wah was the Principal.
元数据是非常紧凑的，仅仅只有数K到数M的大小，并且主服务器通常是网络上性能最好的节点之一；至于可靠性，通常有一个“影子”主服务器制作主服务器的镜像，一旦主服务器失败它将接替工作。
在乌克兰全国选举中，形成了一种非常稳定的模式，自1994年总统大选以来，顿巴斯和乌克兰西部地区投票支持了相反的候选人。
The bath was reached by flights of steps at either end, originally finished with timbered treads set in bitumen.
花园的暗处，费加罗也看明白了。
The New Yorker, said Essjay "was willing to describe his work as a Wikipedia administrator but would not identify himself other than by confirming the biographical details that appeared on his user page."
从1788年开始，陆续有欧洲移民到达澳洲，大分水岭崎岖的地形就成为了他们深入澳大利亚的一大障碍。
，原位于南村、隔山间，广州市文物保护单位。
Many of the survivors had swum to higher roofs or tree branches.
He was in The Adventures of Baron Munchausen (1988).
Once again Finland had to give up the areas they had conquered.
Shahmirzadi's book, Dictionary of Archeology English-Persian-Persian-English, published in 1997.
Also, he was a regular member of the TV show 2 Days and 1 Night, which gave him the his best-known nickname “Brother Gutaeng”(구탱이형).
The Master Chief fights through many aliens to the Control Room.
Although in a position to escape, Cpl.
In Italy she was known as "Maria Letizia Bonaparte".
Circumcision is the removal of skin from the male sex organ for religious reasons.
He became an expert on the Coal Measures, and his Observations on the Structure of Fossil Plants found in the Carboniferous Strata (1868–1875) was one of the studies of the Palaeontographical Society.
These are not suitable for inexperienced walkers, or for people traveling alone.
Animal包含了重節奏流行快歌，
It was Janghun Troy Choi's directorial debut in the United States.
The outer light orange/brown eye shadow links to the eyebrows and hair.
，親書「誠、敬、勤、新」四字為校訓，並訂當日為校慶日 。
Harriet Craig is a 1950 American film noir drama movie directed by Vincent Sherman and based on the 1925 play Craig's Wife by George Kelly.
The rainfall in the municipality is 1,086 millimeters per year.
In 1964, British driver, Sir Donald Campbell, set a new record of convert, in the Bluebird-Proteus CN7.
The population of the parish is 1,820 people.
Waffen SS'da ise Genralleutnant-Waffen SS rütbesi, SS-Gruppenfürer rütbesiyle birlikte verilmiştir.
Lethe Press. p. 252. Two bear flags preceded the International Bear Brotherhood Flag.
On October 9, 2014, Lewis was hospitalized for a "serious illness". citation At the time, no further details about Lewis' health have been revealed.
Midland has hot, humid summers and cool winters.
When the means of growing rich is divided between a greater number of citizens, wealth will also be more evenly distributed; extreme poverty and extreme wealth would be also rare."
In this case, the schemer will often have a few investors say they kept their money, making the investment still look productive enough to be good.
Sydney is a city located on the West Coast of Australia.
The wet season starts in mid-May and ends in mid-October.
From there, you can make her explore 12 different dream worlds by going through doors that are in a large, dark place north of her room.
Şarkı daha sonra 65. sıraya yükseldi.
Photocopies of the 1622, 1646 and 1669 versions of the document pp. 7-19.
This is an informal grouping of theropods closest related to birds.
Gomez tried to tell Selena that Saldivar was "bad news".
Member of the pop rock band Relive and former member of the pop group Br'oz and pop rock band Monk.
陳德鴻校長，四十年的回顧與瞻念，聖若瑟英文中小學校刊 The Josephian 1958 - 1998，1998年，pp.24-26。
They will then do a short performance based on the suggestion.
除美國空軍外，B型外銷給印度空军10架、加拿大皇家空军4架、巴基斯坦空军6架、南非空军7架；其中4架改型为LC-130F，12架改型为HC-130G，
File:Edvard Munch - The Sun - Google Art Project.
」（2011年6月18日－） 與堤真一、
It is the third largest city in Wisconsin.
Like the previous year's Diva Search, Ashley Massaro was not the only Diva WWE hired, this included, Kristal Marshall, Trenesha Biggers citation and Elisabeth Rouffaer.
He fell in love with Mexico and he decided to stay back while the rest of the team left back to Jamaica.
The town has a population of 5,740, making it the 62nd largest urban area in New Zealand.
Tirkemiş bir voyvoda tarafından yönetilmiştir.
The city is located in the northwestern Slovakia, at the confluence of Váh, Kysuca and Rajčanka rivers.
Wesermünde and Bremerhaven were unified in 1939 to Wesermünde.
A half dozen people died, and most of the city was destroyed.
Newsweek (10 August 1987) observed that Davis created an exclusive line of classic women’s clothing, which New York Newsday (4 May 1986) described as grown-up clothes not for those on a tight budget.
Weak bases generally have a pH value of 7 9 while strong bases have a pH value of 9–14.
In contrast with Samson (strength) and the High Priest (power), Delilah is a character of seductive strength and power.
Prisoners usually worked for twelve hours a day.
其經管年久及積榖過多如富順縣知縣張濤。
He was a member of the Utah House of Representatives from 1978 to 1987, where from 1985 to 1987 he was Spekaer.
However, this was called off after Ponomariov refused to sign his contract without reservation.
It is a region of rich lowlands and foothills.
However, there are parts of the world where it is illegal (against the law) to witness to any religion except the one accepted by the government of the country.
Because of this, the discoverers of H. floresiensis think that the species, or its ancestors, must have reached the isolated island by water transport around 100,000 years ago (or, if they are H. erectus, then about 1 million years ago).
It is the eighth-best-selling album in UK chart history and one of the world's best-selling albums.
His body was found in his room.
Daniels died on October 30, 2015, at the age of 71. He had recently undergone heart surgery.
她还制作了许多她自己的电影，例如《main》（1983年），《
Mike wasn't added to the story until in April 1998, when development artist Ricky Nierva drew a concept sketch of Mike and everyone liked it.
The gerbil is native to Central Asia, India, the Middle East, and Africa.
Aksine bütün bilgiler, düşünce ve kavramlar deneyden ileri gelmektedir, çünkü zihinde herhangi bir duyumla bağlantılı olmayan hiçbir düşünce mevcut değildir.
During World War I, German soldiers lived in the station.
Bảo Đại ruled as the King of Annam from 1926 to 1945.
。 citation 2014年1月18日，《我們的那首歌》首播第三季，
The column was based on facts she hated about society.
They can also be part of a trench system, where the pillbox is a firing step that has been built to take grenade blasts and smaller mortar fire.
She is often very vengeful and mean.
They have a son, Roman.
One a week Pia Koch is to seen as a DJane.
It is also known as jacaranda, blue jacaranda, black poui, or as the fern tree.
She was born and raised in Delhi.
研究者认为，佛像原来的坐姿虽未必是重修时的结跏趺坐，但是由两手的禅定印判断很可能就是结跏趺坐式。
A response to Maryon.
Falling In Reverse released two singles to promote their album.
Perching birds need a substantial landing platform, so sunbirds, honeyeaters, and the like are less associated with tubular flowers.
A truce in 1360 gave England about one quarter of France.
This terror regime has given itself a gruesome monument forever.
The neuropsychology of dreams.
State on the west.
雖然光伏能夠直接從陽光提供能源，然而藉由光伏電力進行燃料生產（非直接過程）效率不彰，加上日間陽光照射並非恆定，因此這類方式有其侷限性 citation citation 。
汽车司机首先比较柔和地发动汽车，把松弛的线缆拉紧，之后猛踩油门加速，滑翔机被很快牵引到大约400米的高度上，理想条件需要有合适的迎风和1.5公里以上的跑道。
Snow's study was a major event in the history of public health and geography.
The station is a short walk from Hackney Central, on the North London Line.
It is also an educative project with books, toys, interactive products as well as a lifestyle brand for children.
国徽由Gabriel and Maxim Shamir兄弟设计，1949年10月从众多方案中脱引而出，被正式选为国徽。
Google Search provides at least 22 special features beyond the original word-search capability.
Bird was released on September 30, 1988.
》将《亲爱的》列为该年举办的威尼斯与多伦多两个电影节的优秀电影之一，称“喜剧演员黄渤演出角色内心的撕裂，而最精彩的表演来自赵薇，这里，她演出一位简单的农村妇女，没有什么资源能夺回孩子。
He was a skilled and hardworking administrator.
切萨罗的老师欧仁·查理·卡塔兰也轻视发散级数。
He was determined to destroy Oswiu.
Inside the colleges, there are also group of students who represent all of the others.
Results from the 2006 Census are available on the ABS web site.
They all tell different types of stories and they tell them in different ways.
;Model 40B: These were Model 40As with a new engine.
Emission nebulae sometimes look like they have dark areas in them.
虽然命令一般会显示被修改的行，但如果要将行连同文档中的上下文一起显示，则需要另外单独的命令。
Also, blood vessels tend to become fragile as people get older, which is why elderly people receive a bruise much more easily.
It was originally set to release in November 1994 but was pushed back to 1995.
Also, it is spelled gelatine.
An incumbent is someone who currently holds a political office.
They group lives on the island 'Sado Higashima' and live together as a community in a traditional way.
He was first shown in Sonic the Hedgehog.
LaForce also worked as a broadcast sports anchor and reporter for the Cleveland, Ohio, FOX affiliate WJW.
伊巴密濃達的作戰行動受到了麥西尼亞人與其他被其從斯巴達手中解放的民眾的歡迎。
，日军从卢沟桥进攻平津地区，不久华北沦陷，
He was also known as the voice of Bamse and Agaton Sax in children's movies and recordings.
This way, it is known beforehand who will be the next monarch.
Canbazlı, 16. yüzyılda Sis (Kozan) yöresinde yaşayan Aydoğmuşlu Avşarının bir obasıdır.
Like DAT, it is a data medium rather than a way of recording vibrations directly.
It has been in effect since 3 May 2008.
据说，他们被米尔寇施以种种残酷的刑罚，直到身心堕落，成为丑陋肮脏的半兽人。
In Americanisation, the transferring of American culture is only one-way.
WWE, gelişimsel bir bölge olarak OVW ile olan ilişkilerini sona erdikten sonra, Sanders, birkaç başka güreşçi ile birlikte Florida Championship Wrestling'e (FCW) taşındı.
He won two gold medals at the 2017 World Para Snowboarding Championships in the men’s cross and banked slalom SB-LL2.
On 7 September 2017, she participated in the documentary series Who Do You Think You Are? and discovered that her maternal side originally came from Wales.
Various radio navigation systems have been in use since the middle 20th century.
He also studied at the United States Army War College.
The Germans left Troina later that night.
由于软件的原因处理器优化的可能性有限。
Some of these hills were parts of older reefs.
Zuko now tries to capture the Avatar to restore his honor and please his father.
他在密歇根州堪布鲁克艺术学院附近长大，
Complex carbohydrates are more nutritious than simple carbohydrates.
Hristiyan kutsal günlerinden olan Noel'den bir gün önce arkadaşını yanına çağıran V. Leo bir komplo hazırlayıp hazırlamadığını sordu.
However, Knuckles surprises them, and takes away the Chaos Emeralds Sonic and Tails have collected.
They were inspired by it, as Lennon had been.
Midas and his son fought off the Hunters of Artemis before Jason managed to defeat Lityerses and unfreeze Piper and Leo.
To stop people from claiming a reward for their capture, Howe and Whitehead had made a promise to each other.
发现Hinokitiol通过诱导自噬过程对几种重要的癌细胞系产生细胞毒性。
In 1768, the first road "Chemin de La Montagne" was built to give access to the first citizens.
N. J. Higham, An English Empire: Bede and the Early Anglo-Saxon Kings (Manchester: Manchester University Press, 1995), p. 124 Even though she had been married she had retained her virginity.
纳恩写道“爆炸时期的小说家显示出对于体裁的一种精妙把握，以标新立异的手法描写平行的历史。
The second best football league in Switzerland.
Countries with small Muslim populations use mosques as a way to support civic participation.
Many people have gone through unusual experiences that they believe are real.
该市镇总面积16.3平方公里，2009年时的人口为934人。
It is the ninth oldest independent school in the United States.
Old U.S. 30, the original Lincoln Highway, is the main street of Cashtown.
She received the Best Actress awards at the Gramado Film Festival (Triple Award Winner) and at the Cartegena Film Festival for Carlos Diegues' Better Days Ahead.
The reduction in the kelp supply may also have contributed to their extinction.
The reaction mechanism is first-order with respect to methyl iodide and the catalyst (1).
The most well-known example of knighting today are tapping the shoulders of the person being knighted with the flat side of a sword.
'in ruhani dini lideri.
学校拥有两个校区：校本部、江南校区，在职教职工325名，全日制在校生约8000人。
All game modes can be played in multiplayer.
His tabulating machines read and summarized data stored on punched cards and they began use for government and commercial data processing.
Basic structural features, such as genome type, virion shape and replication site, generally share the same features among virus species inside the same family.
他的基督教青年會上司决定出售茶和蛋糕，但章伯斯反对，從而激怒上司。
Bu yasaklama Angola kültürüne ve geleneklerine zarar veren tüm dini hareketleri kapsayacağı hükûmet yetkilileri tarafından ifade edilmiştir.
It was the 12th-largest steel-making company in the world in 2012.
At the end of the Third Age, Galadriel left Middle-earth for Valinor, together with the bearers of the other two Elven Rings and the Ring-bearers of the One Ring.
They do not have souls so therefore can kill innocent people with contious.
In total there were 258 British deaths.
He fires her so Heather Biblow can take her job.
Station Zero is the final book of the Railhead Trilogy.
It should rather focus on how data are linked together.
呼倫貝爾，隸屬于呼倫貝爾總管。
At the Australian Reptile Park, join at least one tour and get some experiences of zookeepers.
同治六年（1867年）舉於鄉，同治七年（1868年），殿試第二名（榜眼），
It is surrounded by other smaller islands including Ilheu Bom Bom, Ilhéu Caroço, Tinhosa Grande and Tinhosa Pequena.
Neil breaks into Tyler's apartment and meets him.
她在2012年欧洲乒乓球锦标赛，分别战胜了萨马拉、刘佳等高手,进入决赛获得女子单打亚军，取得法国历史上第一块国际比赛女子单打奖牌。
Manchester also built the triple 5-star Grand Del Mar Resort & Spa, which sold to Fairmont Hotels & Resorts in 2015, and he maintains a minority ownership.
He announced that Portuguese control of Goa could be tolerated no longer and instituted a blockade, which the Portuguese regime evaded by building an airport into which to fly supplies and by opening up trade with Pakistan and Sri Lanka.
While Joma was not providing clothing for all team members for all parts of the Summer Paralympics, the company created advertising saying they were official sponsors of the team.
He worked at the Russian State University for the Humanities.
The Norsemen ruled for over 400 years until sovereignty was transferred to Scotland by the Treaty of Perth in 1266.
A Farewell to Arms is a 1932 movie directed by Frank Borzage and is based on the novel of the same name by Ernest Hemmingway.
The back has a clip and a light that tells you when the iPod has a low battery.
、2004年 - 2005年）
」、「一，西邊升一級；四，西邊寫大字；七，西邊宰公雞。
Their teacher is Kakashi Hatake.
Along with the cranes in his net the farmer discovered a stork with a broken leg.
% 64,3 oyla zaferine ve yeniden belediye başkanlığına seçildi.
Wesleyan began letting women attend again in 1970.
From 1835-1876 it allowed allowed only Christians (including Catholics) to hold public office.
This can get particularly interesting when the auditory information of one sound, paired with the spoken lips of another sound, ultimately combine to form the perception of a third different sound.
On August 16, 2015, Khanzada was killed by a suicide attack at his political office in Shadikhan; the militant group Lashkar-e-Jhangvi has claimed responsibility.
W." Read is Arthur's little sister.
這些修飾的功能仍是未知的，但是這現象已經被提出，ADP-
如左圖所示，從動滑車引出的繩索段數目為 ，所以輸入力為 ，機械利益為 。
Temple Üniversitesi din profesörlerinden ve Encyclopaedia of the Qurʾān yazarı İbrahim M. Ebu Râbî, Üzeyir ile Ezra'nın aynı kişi olduğu kanısını sorgulayanlardandır.
She learned to play piano at the age of four.
Kitapta, yazarın hayatının İngiltere’ye gidene kadarki bölümü ile dönemin Türkiye’si anlatılır.
On September 2 2002 "The World's Greatest" was released as a single.
Llamas also have a high content of hemoglobin which causes their blood cells to be oval and not circular.
Tcl is able to do math and many other things using variables.
They have 25 varsity teams and they compete in the Patriot League.
Mother sauces are not commonly served as they are; instead they are augmented with additional ingredients to make small (derivative) sauces.
Montgomery wrote the book after seeing a newspaper article about a couple that were mistakenly sent an orphan girl instead of a boy, yet decided to keep her.
Hentai is the anime version of porn.
Fellow commentators, Michael Cole and Booker T also competed with Rhodes eliminating Booker and them both eliminating Cole.
Such people sacrifice their ability to be part of the capitalist upper-class for the sake of who they see as the oppressed, even if it hurts their status in the process.
Calgary 1948'de Stampede Güreşini kurdu ve 1984 yılına kadar koştu.
），PLAYNO.1玩樂達人，2017年12月15日 。
When he looked at the Cat's Eye nebula, it did not look the same.
Patty Schemel was the new drummer for the band and played on all of the songs.
Kraken Mare is believed to be the largest of seas and lakes near Titan's north pole.
He showed some of his early paintings there in 1876, and again from 1879 to 1882.
It is importanat place for Saints for doing Japa Thapas.
An update of the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group classification for the orders and families of flowering plants: APG III.
蒂莫西·J·基廷（Timothy J. Keating，
今印本乃永治年間儒臣奉命訂正，只據所見，以意刪改增損失真，非全書也。”
The soldiers, who used stun grenades, then asked for government permission to use their firearms, which they then received.
Soon as the war in Kosovo has ended in 1999 she established the KRCT the same year, just in order to treat survivor victims of torture where she was actively involved in providing medical and psycho-social assistance for the first post-war returnees.
Aruwan is a graduate of Mass Communication from Kaduna Polytechnic, Kaduna.
Furthermore, in the Austrian census of 1910, the Italians were reduced to only 13.6% in that city, according to Diego De Castro in his book Dalmazia, popolazione e composizione etnica.
In a big vineyard, a bush of roses are planted at the end of each row of vines.
、琉璃河镇立教天主堂旧址调研。
》（第2話、第4話－第11話、第13話）
His term ended after his resignation on 25 October 2012.
They say that mountains along the proposed route would make it difficult and expensive to construct.
荆州中学历史可追溯到2000多年前，东汉时期的马融绛帐台，其近代教育始于1903年（清光绪二十九年）
隔了6年多,2018年9月17日Scott終於再度回到業界,他與RICHELLE RYAN為Brazzers拍片了。
Special mention must be made of the carved woodwork, embroideries and plate preserved in many churches.
The Kellys had to wait 24 hours longer for the police train than they had planned.
If a clock is re balanced each day to make them correspond with the natural cycle, it measures local mean time.
The Anglo-Saxon church was demolished, but some of its relics, such as the remains of its benefactors, were moved to the cathedral.
I never wrote words first, it was always some kind of accompaniment.
He played 3 seasons with them and increased both his goal and point production in each season that he was there.
Police had to be called to secure the area. citation The same report also speaks about a group of youngsters pillaging and stealing from the passengers of the train.
The cast performed many hits from the show and had several skits between songs.
During this period they had the greatest success in the league.
The bill helped protect struggling stages against demolition and guaranteed annual subsidies for the art.
Simba and Nala trick Zazu with the song "I Just Can't Wait to be King" and run away from him.
Lotus Cars was founded and owned for many years by Colin Chapman.
Both were published in 1863.
These are in the palace itself.
Lynx are terrestrial mainly, but they are able and adapted to climb and swim.
It has a rich history, and is known as The Plantation State, The Ocean State, or Little Rhody.
，需注明矿物名称，如月光石猫眼、矽线石猫眼。
A Knesset member almost continuously since 1988, he has also been Minister of Defence and Minister of Environmental Protection, as well as heading the Histadrut trade union federation between 1995 and 2006.
Not have I carried off the offerings of the blessed dead.
NUMA是一個自願性質的基金會組織，因此是根據每次探索任務的需要雇用非專任的專業人員從事探索與打撈活動，組織本身並沒有任何常任的工作人員。
This meant that when Princess Victoria of Sweden was born, she could never become queen, and when her younger brother was born he became crown prince (heir to the throne) -- but then the law changed, and Victoria became crown princess.
The initial goals of Japanese leaders were to destroy the US Navy, seize lands rich in natural resources, and establish strategic military bases to defend Japan's empire in the Pacific Ocean and Asia.
The explosion killed 11 workers and injured 17 people.
Ve bu çocukların büyük kısmı hayatını kaybetmektedir.
Beebe Bahrami, The Spiritual Traveler: Spain : a Guide to Sacred Sites and Pilgrim Routes (Mahwah, NJ: HiddenSpring, 2009), p. 211 The other two were Vallbona de les Monges and Santes Creus.
Many organisms in the ocean depend on the proper concentration of ions in sea water to live.
If you want the best of the best, look to the Galaxy S21 Ultra; but if you want a handset that’s cheaper than the Galaxy S20 was at launch, with a whole load of premium features, the Galaxy S21 is a delight to use, and will do you proud."
Summers are hot and dry. citation The north has a temperate climate similar to that of the United Kingdom and other Northern European countries.
Most Hindus, in their daily devotional practices, worship some form of a personal aspect of God, although they believe in the more abstract concept of a Supreme God as well.
He has worked as art teacher at the University of Helsinki.
All the driver had to do was select low, medium or full speed.
He defeated the Sardinians in April 21, bringing Savoy and Nice into France.
Sunderland has won awards from the Britain in Bloom group in 1993, 1997 and 2000.
They are usually found in shallow waters, making them one of the most commonly seen sharks.
In 1857 the design was adopted by the U.S. Army as the light 12-pounder M1857.
Eight of the screens are digital.
John Milnor credits Hurwicz with this idea. citation The Hurwicz Criterion tells people to think very carefully of what is good and what is bad before making decisions.
The medal is only given in wartime, so no Iron Crosses have been given out since the end of the Second World War in 1945.
As of October 2015, it is the 43rd largest edition of Wikipedia by number of articles.
In 1803, Arbon became part of the new canton of Thurgau.
Ödüller 27 Şubat 1980'de verilmiştir.
The courthouse was built of local sandstone in 1896.
Most Union officers thought Lee had broken his promises to the Union because he chose to fight against them.
Dr. Dre signed Eminem to his Aftermath record label in 1998 and 50 Cent in 2003 helping to make their albums with them.
Var olan dil düzenlemelerindeki bunun gibi etkilerin uyarısı, böyle bir bağlamın sorunsallaştırılmasına olanak sağlar.
In contemporary times, a mujaddid is looked upon as the greatest Muslim of a century.
Bruce G. Blair (November 16, 1947 – July 19, 2020) citation was an American nuclear security expert and a research scholar.
徐道鄰在中譯這篇演說時，將“of the people, by the people, for the people”譯成“民有、民治、民享”，應是根據孫文的中譯而來的；他又加以題解：“其論民主政治之真諦，以三介詞闡發無剩義，尤為神來之筆。
Speed is also the distance covered by an object per unit time.
Once a try has been scored, the team has a chance to score extra points.
The process may take up to a year.
This is a vast quadrangular room covering a surface area of about convert, the astronomical ceiling of which is supported by four pillars entirely covered with decoration.
Olay pelerininin kullanım alanlarında veri kanallarına müdahale edilmeden müdahale etmek sayılabilir.
Kouga ve Iga klanları, kaderleri savaşmak olan ve 400 senedir savaşan iki ninja klanıdır ve bu klanlardaki kişiler doğaüstü yeteneklere sahiptirler.
They wrap their body round the prey and squeeze.
The city of Moscow also caught fire numerous times, and the cathedral wasn't spared.
It is the oldest church on American soil.
然而，某些政策如：激进地实施按比例、地区代表制而非一般选举，以及在选举投票机制中实施双语制度，均得到南辕北辙的效果。
It has a flatter body than most frogs.
坑頭的專線小巴路線，由馬亞木旗下上水專線小巴有限公司營辦。
He developed his musical style a lot during his lifetime.
Three more very light areas are placed to the right side, the drawing, hand and note.
Musicians still argue about which version ought to be played.
為慰問高雄氣爆傷亡者，立法院長王金平指示立法院撥出250萬元，初步規劃給每位亡者2萬元、傷者5千元的慰問金。 citation 高雄氣爆發生後，
Whedon has said that more Serenity comics are planned for the near future.
It lies between the Ratuwa River in the east and the Maawa River in the west.
The type species is Bagualosaurus agudoensis and was described in 2018.
She also did reporting for Shaq vs. as well as an ice-level reporter for the NHL on Versus with Mike Emrick and Eddie Olczyk.
Nearly 3.5 million Canadians continue to use their other language most often, like when at home or in social settings.
霍日里河全长142千米，流域面积1312.
最后，志愿军main从北面包围了古土里的第1陆战团的一些单位。
Most Bengal tigers have orange fur.
It began during the collapse of the Memphis-based 13th dynasty c. 1650 BC and finally conquered by the Hyksos 15th dynasty c. 1580 BC.
但缺點是無法長時間行動，極低溫更是他們最大的弱點，只要在寒冷環境下或是遭受冷凍攻擊皆會讓他們喪失行動力而恢復到冬眠的假死狀態之中。
Birkaç metrelik ileri geri hareketler şeklinde gelişen muharebede oldukça fazla kan döküldü ve Türk kaybı 9700 kişiye ulaştı.
The lightly built bipedal Scutellosaurus is similar in form to the ancestral dinosaurs, which were bipedal.
，成为史上年龄最大的围棋锦标获得者。
This version of the song reached number one in the US and Canada, number two in the UK, and the top ten in Australia.
Donald Mackay for the expedition.
An example of this type of stress is having to finish an assignment quickly or avoiding a car crash.
Australia has often made special 50-cent coins.
There are several countries where their territories that exist outside the mainland drive on a different side from the mainland.
Only 34 percent of daylight hours in Lima have sunshine every year.
其後德國艦隊趕緊撤出該要塞的射程，德國號使用它剩餘的前行砲塔沿著峽灣對11公里內的要塞兵進行砲轟。
The problem 3SAT uses three variables per clause.
There are 7 layers.
The issues mattered to them, and were affecting people around the United States and the world.
All sides of a regular triacontadigon are the same length.
He also had a hard time finishing the writing projects he started.
His playing can be heard on several of the very early recordings when the LSO recorded for HMV.
近期运量货运1090万吨，客车46对；远期运量1450万吨，客车60对。
She works on a wedding quilt and says they will marry when she is done embroidering it.
Because these schemes pad the plaintext m with some number of additional bits, the size of the un-padded message M must be somewhat smaller.
另外，梁志文採集的五具「澳門細蟻」標本中，
A character role in a play means one of the people in the play who have a particular character (personality).
When an organic molecule has a positive charge, it is called a carbocation.
以S1班班長身份率領S1班與佐佐木琲世等人一同調查玫瑰，在玫瑰一案中擔任作戰指揮。
In 1975 British Leyland was nationalised.
The detainees were mostly treated quite well.
Teacher training colleges and religious seminaries are found in many parts of the country.
The choices a woman has for contraception - and whether contraception is even available - depends on what country she lives in. These things are different in different countries.
Musical America as "a genuine superstar for the 21st century".
Gösteri Sanatları Festivali'nde iki kez sahnelenmiştir.
根据这一调查，一队波兰士兵听到枪声后，被派去调查情况。
The idea of two contrasting groups was used a lot in Baroque music.
The Saxons began a second rebellion, and the anti-royalist party grew in strength.
The two other municipalities considered parts of the Aguascalientes metropolitan area are Jesús María and San Francisco de los Romo; they had populations of 99,590 and 35,769, respectively.
Turnip, Onion, Cauliflower, Potatoes and Tomatoes are the main vegetables grown in the village.
This panel is the top part of an altarpiece.
The satellite was used to study space.
Type 1 particle board expands when exposed to moisture.
The convert engine was carried over from the Series II Espada.
Hamilton paid James Reynolds and continued to visit Maria Reynolds.
若是冒犯某些民族主义者，或将改译“弗罗茨瓦夫”（取拉丁语：Wratislavia）。
So people have to be tested to see if they have G6PD-deficiency before they take primaquine.
If our initial measurements were so crude that lots of error was introduced in each, then we could improve things by using a lighter touch to do each of them, but we could never get beyond a certain limit of accuracy.
Remembrance events were held by fans, who attended in their thousands, paying tribute to the late artist by singing songs, lighting candles and creating memorials to Chester.
There are no superfluous meetings.
The population in 2008 was 6,774 people.
Turmeric is received, not only from Erode district, but also from the other parts of Tamil Nadu and adjoining district like Mysore in Karnataka State.
In the Christian churches services are normally held on Sundays, although there may be services on other days as well, especially in large churches or cathedrals.
Five years, he was made Emperor of France.
The country has never won an official Olympic medal.
ActionScript code is typically transformed into bytecode format by a compiler.
Among those bands were the early Beatles.
Her one eye is due to a belief that her stepmother Chandi burnt one of her eyes out of jealousy.
Most of the General Epistles are written to all Christians.
It was founded in 1911 by Arthur Surveyer.
The first machine, Mark 1, worked in December 1943 and solved its first problem in February 1944.sfncheck Colossus Mark 2 was even better.
皮德拉的座標為coord ，而該地的平均海拔高度為164米（即538英尺）。
The song reached the top 20 in the US and Canada.
若妻子在劳作时死亡，丈夫将不能再婚，而要供养其家庭作为补偿 。
Israel also has some private farms.
Sometimes the player will escort supplies, scan other spacecraft, or simply hunt enemy ships.
Ferit ile Alev zamanla yakınlaşmaya başlar.
Yardım birlikleri saldırılarına devam etti.
This got him excited about making movies again.
The Chevrolet Corvair's turbocharged engine.
At first, it was a monthly newsletter, then weekly.
Catherine Duke on NewsRadio and the character Jackie Robbins on ER.
This blood test has helped reduce the number of babies born with Tay-Sachs.
從1930年代晚期開始，有一連串的專書與編輯成冊的巨著出版，鞏固了「英國社會人類學」的理論典範。
It stores the steam produced in the water tube and it separates between steam and water mixture.
Catherine's marriage was said to be unfaithful and distraught.
This was after an uprising by left-wing groups.
Jason Steele came up with the name of "FilmCow" when he was 17 years old, he wrote a list of wacky names and wrote FilmCow and organized the company FilmCow.
Another example is deciding to stop work to go back to university.
In the diaries, Nikki writes about her annoying parents and little sister, the problems she has with a popular girl named Mackenzie Hollister, and her crush Brandon Roberts.
Magic Curl Barbie made its debut in 1982 feauting both black and white races.
In the case of some ancient scripts we cannot do this.
The combination usually features a cartwheel followed by either one or two back-tucks which leaves the wrestler's back facing the opponent.
He is the co-founder, executive chairman and former CEO of Boston Properties, one of the largest real estate investment trusts in the United States.
但是牠有一些脊椎的特徵，而被認為是基礎梁龍超科恐龍，生存年代較晚。
From as early on as the 6th century B.C. Thera had its own coinage.
在此同時，珀爾修斯在伊利里亞對抗另一支羅馬軍隊。
It is a short color war movie.
The Rust Programming Language: Fast, Safe, and Beautiful.
Bushfield is a former member of Canada's World Cup team, skiing moguls.
Yazar, 1971 ile 1972 yıllarında Brezilya, Peru, Ekvador ve Kolombiya'ya seyahat etti.
It will be held from 7 to 30 June 2019.
At Sullivan & Cromwell, Clayton was co-managing partner of the firm's General Practice Group.
It has been held every year since 1950.
Philip the Good was offered to become count of Holland, Zeeland and Hainaut.
When dander, urine, feces, saliva, and sebum dry out their proteins can become airborne and breathed in. Some of the types of pets people can be allergic to are, dogs, cats, gerbils, hamsters, guinea pigs and pet birds.
Timmy's won a scholarship but the school's run by the evil Dark Laser!
Dillon disagreed with FreeBSD 5's approach to SMF.
重庆市政府将每年的6月5日定为“防空警报试鸣日”。
He played 10 games and scored 3 goals for Japan until 2012.
However, it was later reopened in South Carolina and Georgia.
，亦是當時擁有最遠射程的機動性火炮武器，其175毫米M113主炮（46倍）發射的66.
Shortly afterwards people began to honour him as a painter.
萧登生，四川华阳（今四川成都）人，
Examples of their cars are the Daihatsu Charade, the Rocky Four Wheel Drive SUV and the Daihatsu Copen.
The American Presidency Project.
Canonical ile Çin Halk Cumhuriyeti Sanayi Bakanlığı arasında 2013 yılında yapılan anlaşma ile hayata geçmiştir.
One, called Somaliland, declared independence from Somalia entirely, while another called Puntland declared independence "for now" until a new Somali national government can be put together.
The fourth place team got US$20 million, the third place team got US$22 million, the second place team got US$25 million and the champions got US$35 million.
Some, specially the old ones, are spoken alongside the Spanish counterparts.
Basaltic tuffs are black, dark green or red in colour.
Like the oboe, it has a double reed.
The recognition of large audiences was made in 1992 by the headmen of the neighborhood.
Another popular sport is handball.
Lois gets fired for teaching about safe sex.
It made $1 billion worldwide, becoming the eighth-highest-making movie of 2019.
Yönlendirme ile girilebilecek okullar Türk Maarrif Kolleji, Bülent Ecevit Anadolu Lisesi, GaziMağusa TMK, 19 Mayıs TMK ve Güzelyurt TMKdır.
He was also a radio personality and television presenter.
It lies in the south of what we now call France.
One day, a ship landed on Veldin and Ratchet met Clank.
One difference was the "
，此時其上司杨斯亮参谋长秘密調動武警另一支全由女特戰兵組成的女媧突擊隊開始暗中監視刘闯，不久後監獄搬遷，轉移過程中刘闯居然叛變帶著重犯老五逃亡。
Some of their hits include: Surrender, Dream Police and I Want You to Want Me.
Tickets and tokens are cash only.
Around this time, the United States was getting bigger.
The ッ makes the “e” vowel short.
This model weighed convert and had an effective range (distance it was accurate) of convert.
A conscript is a person who had been forced to become a soldier and fight.
In October 1990, the heavily indebted Southland Corp. filed a pre-packaged Chapter 11 bankruptcy in order to transfer control of 70% of the company to Japanese affiliate Ito-Yokado.
用于向名字空间或者块作用域内引入其它名字空间的名字成员；也可用于把基类的非私有成员引入到派生类的定义中，如果引入的是基类的重载函数名字，则把基类的所有同名函数引入，如果派生类有同名同参数同限定的成员函数，则基类的函数被名字隐藏或覆盖。
He has been married and divorced twice.
Mikro-klima karakteri gösterdiğinden yazlar sıcak, kışlar ılık geçer.
'nin link grafı için giriş/çıkış derece dağılımı (
與詭辯家的情感修辭和詩歌形成鮮明對比的是一種基於哲學和對啟蒙的追求的修辭。
Meanwhile, King Munjong who has feeling of danger as his condition gets worse orders Nae-gyeong to identify the potential traitors who threaten his reign.
Jorge died in 1479 during an attempt to take the castle of Garcimuñoz after Isabel gained the crown.
In 2001 there were 3,909 people living in Ashburton.
There a fort (Kot Diji Fort) was built around 1790 by the Talpur ruler of Upper Sindh, Mir Suhrab, who ruled from 1783 to 1830.
There are some beings whose fate after Ragnarok is uncertain.
漢米爾頓同樣也進站，不過，他在一圈後又重返維修區，將目前的黃色軟胎更換為紅色超軟胎。
It has a market capitalisation of approximately £42 billion as of 24 October 2015, the 6th-largest of any company with a primary listing on the London Stock Exchange.
They are often dark spiders.
Pendik İlçe teşkilatı kuruluş çalışmalarına katıldı, İstanbul 1. Olağan Kongrede İl Yönetim Kurulu Yedek Üyesi seçildi.
后来苍的妹妹和母亲也被卷入其中。
With the former SPD chairman Oskar Lafontaine for the WASG and Gregor Gysi for the PDS as prominent figures, this alliance soon found interest in the media and in the population.
Periodicity: 6 issues a year.
When the sponge is dipped in water, the water starts to go into the holes, and the bubbles that are inside the sponge pull on the water that they touch.
According to some of his colleagues on Doctor Who, he could be a difficult person to work with.
The arachnoid mater is attached to the last layer of the meninges: the dura mater.
It was named by Joseph Curray and David Moore in 1968.
这一胞外结构域的结构是已知的，主要由α螺旋组成，包括十个半胱氨酸残基形成的五个二硫键。
Congress is divided into two "houses."
In a healthy person, the cardiac center balances out the signals it sends to these sets of nerves, to keep the blood pressure normal.
On the subdivisions of the genus Drosophila.
Copyright laws usually protect owners of copyright beyond their lifetime.
Contagious means that it can spread from one person to another.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is involved in forming new memories, organizing them, and storing them for later recall.
In an abusive marriage, Anastasia left Michael when Daniel was two years of age.sfncheck Two of the children were sent to Geraldton, Ontario where the eldest sister lived with her husband.
Maintenance and development of Brunstad is still done by volunteers.
Its meter is 6/8.
This applies to all bits.
As Barry moved ashore the Louisiana coast on July 13, Entergy and Cleco, the two major electricity companies in southern Louisiana, reported the loss of power to over 114,000 customers.
They spend the day in their den (a cave, hollow log or rock crevice).
目前的迅雷也有“插队”、“高速下载”模式、计划关机等可能非公平的功能 。
Therefore, all dogs are trees." citation This is a fallacy because the two times "bark" is used in the argument have very different meanings from each other, while in the argument, the word "bark" should have the same meaning the whole argument.
Hornsby Hospital and Mt Wilga Rehabilitation Hospital are two hospitals in Hornsby.
Its main role is to produce forecast models.
Arriva is another passenger railway operator in the Netherlands.
East coast and Bermuda by September 25.
He also said that writing in English allowed for people in other countries read his stories.
Brad and Patrick never get back together.
Paul won the election with 56% of the vote.
这些村庄在10月初被反对派武装攻占。
，对于一个给定温度的系统，利用均分定理，可以計算出系統的總平均動能及勢能，
Thái Bình, idari olarak 10 semt ile dokuz kırsal belediyeye ayrılmaktadır.
天津的方言和婚俗等习俗均与周边河北省等地区不同，但与皖北地区一致 citation ，
When Sakurai was in his sophomore year of college, a group called the "Sun Valley Swing Band" asked him to be a pinch hitter, and after that, he officially joined and started working as a jazz pianist.
，沿袭民国时期区划，仍称开元区。
However, it was not as good as they wanted and had to be mixed again.
Leto found a floating island, called Delos.
The Palaeontological Association.
In size they range from convert to convert in length.
The Mughal period was a period of unremarkable provincial administration from Delhi.
The man with the iron mask did not wear a mask all the time.
To be sold in the US, only small changes need to be made to DECT equipment.
Most countries of the world operate fleets of merchant ships.
Map of Cuba with location of Guantánamo Bay indicated.
The club has had many names: Karres Mediaș, CSM Mediaș, Zorile Rosii Mediaș, Gaz Metan Mediaș, Partizanul (1950–51), Flacara (1951–56), Energia (1956–58), Gaz Metan (1958–60), and CSM Mediaș (1960–1963).
It often has spices in it and is covered in a casing.
Moe's friends do not like the new bar, so his friends start their own bar.
The admin can then simply replace the code in the live template with the code from the sandbox.
At the World Tour Grand Finals 2006 he won gold.
He began to publish his poetry later, around 1941, with the publication of Open House.
Dişilerin üremek için ne kadar büyük oldukları bilinir ve 4 metre büyüklüğü ulaştıktan sonra üreyebilecek duruma gelmiş olurlar.
第一个是湖南省委现任的第一书记华国锋，是老人。”
The North Korean constitution states that freedom of religion is permitted.
He commanded a brigade during the Western Virginia Campaign.
Phil Stable arkadaşlarıyla birlikte James'in odasına dalmış ve çocuğu daha önce söylediği birkaç sözü geri almak için zorlamıştır.
In 2001 a book that Ryder wrote about his theory of painism was published.
It was under the room the Wade's two-year-old daughter slept in. Nobody was home at the time.
Parrots are often native to tropical forests, where green is camouflage.
地下車站有28個，高架車站有8個，平面車站有2個，合計38個車站。
Let us use just five notes from the white notes of a keyboard.
西周任校長的沼津兵学校出任教授。
However, the number changes depending on the subjects.
某些国家还有半合法的政党，这些政党虽然得不到法律的认可，但是国家又默许他们进行一些公开或半公开的活动。
There is a plan to make a live action Naruto movie.
肖冬松（1963年9月 － ），
This motmot has other local names.
The Duke failed to pay Mozart for the concerto.
A landmark in the parish is Gun Hill Signal Station.
，河道全長80公里，流域面積4,300平方公里，
It replaces up to eleven older cables with a single connection.
The population was 16,816 at the 2010 census, most of whom lived in DuPage County.
全体有理数的集合 也是一个域，它是 的子域，并且不包含更小的子域了。
It was started citation in 1989 and recognized in 1993.
Injecting meth into a vein causes the quickest, strongest euphoria.
Since 1974, the United Nations has established a ceasefire line between Turkish Cypriots and Greek Cypriots.
The yellow square tells how easily it can react with things.
It contains a series of eight identical transformations (rounds) and one output transformation (the half-round).
All-Star maçını yanı sıra LeasePlan Yetenek Yarışması, ING Bank 3 Sayı Yarışması ve MetLife Smaç Yarışması etkinlikler düzenlendi.
This plane is only used for cargo though.
虽然印尼政府在排华事件期间强制性打压，禁止印尼华人使用自己的中文母语----
There are tests that can be done to find the cause of the problem.
：Schlacht am Kahlenberg、
艾云尼的路径和其较长的寿命使它影响了很多地方，使最少40人丧生，并为途经地区带来很大的破坏。
While growing up, he had to struggle with his sexuality.
Ji asked the police for a cassette tape, Holiday by Beegees.
During the early years, North Korea was ahead of its southern neighbor economically; most likely due to Soviet and Chinese aid.
In April 1981 it was announced the temple would be built.
，是中国国内第一家也是唯一一家实行图书、档案、情报一体化管理的区域性文化机构。
In experiments, it has been seen that there is a voltage drop across this layer, which works in the same way as a capacitor.
倫敦與他區主要的不同是central routes使用的是雙門巴士。
In many cases the single non-transferable vote has been replaced by other voting systems.
It is convert tall and weighs convert.
Bu miktar Güneş'in yüzey sıcaklığının yaklaşık iki katıdır.
He played the character of Elyes Abd El Hak in the Maktoub series for five seasons, from 2008 to 2014, and the character of Badr Ben Saleh in Awled Moufida, also for five seasons between 2015 and 2020.
敕授儒林郎、太常侍博士銜、候選訓導、同邑後學朱昌燕撰文』，朱昌燕，《衎廬遺稿》 。
Phylogenetic assessment of a maniraptoran from the Morrison Formation.
A visual representation of the Casimir effect.
Pathanamthitta has a sex ratio of 1129 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 96.93%.
The only way the body can get rid of carbon dioxide is by breathing it out.
Delibes set to work writing the music.
The creek was named after French-Canadian fur trapper Pierre LaBette who had moved to the area.
Mona adası, insanların sürekli kaldığı bir ada değildir.
Most famous musicians have a wide repertoire (they can play a lot of pieces).
In 1815 another military camp, Fort Edwards, was built nearby at a different location.
This revision of the Wii was announced on August 17, 2011.
Ancak, birkaç etkili operasyon gerçekleştirildi.
The crops had not been harvesting well that year and there may not have been enough to host the emperor.
The book focuses on twenty cases investigated by the author.
The chances of getting a fungal infection on the feet (
這是一項在物理學中非常具有標誌性的一篇論文，並立即受到大眾的認可，如同由詹姆斯克拉克麥克斯韋審查它在性質即一種美稱的方式。
Some issues remain unsettled, however.
真言宗山階派（しんごんしゅうやましなは）
The city was founded in the year 1248.
Mozart wrote more than 600 musical works, all of the very highest quality.
"They defend themselves with a pot-pourri of toxins".
Unlike carnivorous plants, these plants cannot get the nutritients from the trapped prey, though.
In Beavers's opinion, a critical analysis of the show's political views can present a worthwhile learning experience to the viewer.
GCE offers undergraduate courses in four streams of engineering.
If a player has a pair, they put it face up in front of them so everybody can see it.
，而哈塔米在是次選舉中公開支持穆薩維。
The experiment was not repeated again under the Musharraf Regime.
Bautista works include Boneyard Breaking, Sugat ng Salita, The Archipelago, Telex Moon, Summer Suns, Charts, The Cave and Other Poems, Kirot ng Kataga, and Bullets and Roses: The Poetry of Amado V. Hernandez.
He is a member of the Accademia Nazionale dei Lincei.
In a doubles game each player has 3 boules.
All that weekend the National Severe Storms Forecast Center (NSSCFC) was watching the eastern part of the United States for the possibility for severe weather.
Devlet işlerini yürütmek üzere kurulan ve üç bakanlıktan oluşan "Millî İrade"'nin de başkanlığını üstlendi.
He published more than 200 original research papers, and was one of the most cited Polish scientists in the field of biomedicine after 1965.
In the case of the CHP, which did have 46 candidates in the previous election, the party did not have official status and is not officially compared.
In Ancient Greece most sports were done totally naked.
The attack happened a few days before the tournament.
，是英國最大抵押貸款及儲蓄銀行集團，股東數目達200萬，有1,500萬名存戶，存款2,580億英鎊。
Late morning community singing, in Spanish (organised by the local council).
參與高雄「港都金曲迎新春」音樂晚會。
She is considered to be “Mexico's grande dame of letters” and is still an active writer.
Lefkoşa Türk Belediyesi binası.
The original settlement with a church was founded by monks from Litomyšl and called after the flowing river Svitava.
Despite all of these desirable properties, such engines are not in production because the manufacturing of ceramic parts in the requisite precision and durability is difficult.
She escapes with Alwa just before the police arrive to catch her.
The population of County Laois is 80,559 as of 2011.
Roman law is the foundation of most legal systems in Europe, and its former colonies, and it influenced many other countries.
We hardly know anything about Dowland's early life.
It was founded in 1865 as The Daily Dramatic Chronicle by teenage brothers Charles de Young and Michael H. de Young.
They were noisy.
埃文斯对《泰晤士报》做了较大规模的改革，主要包括对新的采访和传播技术的采用以及引入了更加高效的管理系统。
Her father was Robert V. McKim and her mother was Lillian McKim (
This helps mend her anger towards the gods for giving her a small role, as well as her perception of demigods, which Kronos had used to bring many of the minor gods to his side.
In 1928, five comuni were added: Montalto di Castro, Monterosi, Nepi, Oriolo Romano and Tarquinia.
In the sad gaze, in the tilted head, in the firmly intertwined hands, one feels the full weight of poverty.
Normally the crane lays two eggs, but usually only one chick survives.
A favored explanation is that Kleopatra is a contact binary: two similarly-sized asteroids that have hit and stuck together instead of breaking apart.
They have more space for luggage than the other designs.
The movie shows her early life through the Teenage Dream era and her rise to fame.
A V/Line road coach service replaced the rail service.
In 1957, Lee showed her writing to a literary agent whom Capote had told her about.
In this case the structures are homologous.
This period of weak leadership continued for some time.
Where it is unavailable or not wanted, the name may be written as Dueren (district).
They are also strong oxidizing agents and should be kept away from things that can burn.
Multirooms cost less than noraebang, theaters, or game rooms individually.
Here a smallish one is shown with a 1 euro coin for scale.
She became the First Lady when she was only 41. The other reason that she was having a good health.
It is said that Gao Shun was very honest.
On 4 March 2013 she released her third album Girl Talk.
Examples of menu driven operating systems are the DOS shell.
Fractional Fourier Transform'un optik uygulamaları üzerine çalışmalarıyla tanınmaktadır.
Structural basis of transcription: an RNA polymerase II elongation complex at 3.3 Å resolution.
Pères Anselme & Ange, Histoire de la Maison Royale de France & des grands officiers, 1728, Tome III, p. 247 (Duchy of Nemours) She also received later the Duchy of Auvergne.
He is Kitty's childhood friend, born on May 3rd.
Vicky ve Cristina ile Juan Antonio arasında gelişen aşk ilişkisi sıradışı sonuçlar doğuracaktır.
He was not seen in public since Mubarak's regime ended.
關於此隊的指揮官，《大南正編列傳初集》作「都督謀」，《皇黎一統志》作「都督龍」。
He reunites his five brothers, years after their master's death.
They then begin to fight and are asked to leave prom.
The music video for the song has received over 449 million views as of March 2018.
清兵围攻上海，东、南、西以致西北各面均有驻兵，各有统兵攻城，所以，上海北门外的外国居住区成为成败关键。
The river Barak is bifurcated near Haritikar in the Karimganj district in to Surma River and Kushiyara River.
They fished salmon, trout, bass, perch and whitefish.
Peter Edward Clark, known as Budgie, also joined the band for the Join Hands tour.
The parish is a large one and includes some 10 miles of coast from Nare Point at the mouth of the Helford River to Kennack Sands, and the Manacles offshore.
Soon it was racing Captain Francis Cadell's steamer and river trading began.
However, none had the popularity of Barbie.
Katıldığı 19 yarışın 10 tanesinden birinci olarak ayrılmayı başaran aygır 1959 yılı Cup and Saucer Stakes galibidir.
天順二年（1458年）三月，獲賜名同䥩 《大明英宗睿皇帝實錄卷之二百八十九》 。
But they urged him, ‘Stay with us, for it is nearly evening and the day is declining.’
Some forms of cooking, like boiling, do help against deoxynivalenol.
Mostly sympathy means the sharing of unhappiness or suffering, but it can also mean sharing other (positive) emotions.
In between the years playing Hercules he played his first leading movie role in Kull the Conqueror (1997).
Kemerini, Nate Webb, El Generico, Chris Sabin, Super Dragon gibi kişilere karşı korudu.
They had two daughters, Darlene (1947-1995) and Dawn (1953-).
童晓星（1987年1月7日 － ），
She decided to reconsider her career goals.
When users make their searches better, they are also making inSuggest.
Elisa Biagini (born 1970 Florence) is an Italian poet, translator, and professor.
It was No.1 in 12 countries and sold 13 million copies around the world.
選拔成員人數比前作增加27人，從16人變為43人。
His parachute got tangled in his feet after he jumped and did not open.
Many toilet seats have a lid which keeps objects from falling into the bowl.
The masterpiece was about the court life of Prince Genji, and his wife, Aoi in 10th-century Japan.
Fulk kept Samur while Odo II lost Montboyau.
They later carried many of Calvin's ideas back to England and Scotland.
The jet engines of the new machine often caused problems, that's why a lot of machines had deathly accidents.
Cassowaries in zoos have lived for up to 60 years.
On instruments such as guitars, each fret marks one semitone in the standard western system where one octave is divided into twelve semitones.
She is a member of the Puerto Rico women's national volleyball team.
After the "Mango" update, Windows Phone 7 added the ability for users to have custom ringtones.
So if a man held the position of ruler but did not do the things for the people that a ruler should do, then it was acceptable for the people to get rid of the ruler, and even to kill him.
In 1948 he was represented in exhibitions of the Vienna Art-Club and has also been represented in many international exhibitions.
A History of the Order of the Temple.
Finally, some drives support a technology called "Native Command Queueing".
In some parts of India, it marks the beginning of a new year.
The municipality covers an area of 674 km², the island an area of 86 km².
The series premiered airs at 8:30 p.m. ET/PT time on May 8, 2008 on Cartoon Network in the United States.
It has a light grey body, broad wings, and a white face and neck.
Books: a living history.
The second is the little twists in the chain.
Much of the company's early history saw attempts at expansion.
She was also known for raising public awareness of the crime of stalking, after surviving a murder attempt by an obsessed fan in 1982.
He said the goal was to lower dependence on oil imports and "cut in half the portion of United States oil which is imported, from a potential level of 16 million barrels to six million barrels a day."
Niobe bu acıya dayanamamıştır ve tanrı buyruğuyla taş olmuştur.
As the tree grew, the leaf cushions expanded to accommodate the increasing width of the trunk.
隆武二年（清順治三年，1646年）九月二十二日，清兵破紹興城，
O maçta Rothen, 90 dakika sahada kaldı ve etkili bir performans sergiledi.
Some people with asthma may have long periods of time between asthma attacks where they show no signs and experience no symptoms of asthma, while others may have some or all of the signs and symptoms everyday which become more severe during an attack.
It is one of two European International central securities depositories (Euroclear being the other).
Their staff plant hundreds of bulbs, shrubs, flowers, and trees every year.
Depending on the purpose of the map, some distortions may be less bad.
云梦东站站场布局为2台6线，设置两座附有站台柱雨棚的高站台，共有4条到发线和2条正线。
牵引变压器采用卧式悬挂结构，与总风缸一同吊装于车底中部。
When Tefnut was in the royal court, she wore a crown made of sprouting plants.
The breasts respond to the baby's need for milk.
For this reason, the USSR sought to strengthen its control of the region.
Diana is Dorothy's older sister.
He was ordained to the priesthood in 1956.
It is one of the most famous football matches in the world.
Anthony Tiran Todd (born December 4, 1954) is an American actor and movie producer.
It was so popular and so different when it was introduced that the Mustang and other cars from other makers which looked like the Mustang were given the name "ponycar."
Theodor Hoffmann (February 27, 1935 November 1, 2018) was an East German Admiral.
Gorgatti is known for his roles in Somos todos inquilinos (1954), El Gaucho (1964) and Mingo y Aníbal contra los fantasmas (1985).
In response to this Szasz wrote a book called Antipsychiatry: Quackery Squared.
He was the son of Louis Ferdinand, Prince of Prussia.
An imagined bird's-eye view of Dejima's layout and structures, 1824-1825 Note the island's fan-shape.
Many measuring devices need to be recalibrated at regular intervals.
A music video of the song was released.
Dabry's sturgeon, also known as the Yangtze sturgeon (Acipenser dabryanus), is a member of the family Acipenseridae and the order Acipenseriformes.
This event was known as the Yakut Revolt.
Sweden (449,964 km 2 ) is the largest of the Scandinavian countries.
Every year, between 50 million and 100 million people get dengue fever.
However, the opera soon became enormously popular.
's theatrical show, "TUBES", now called "Rewired."
文理書院現時共分四社，分別為紅社、藍社、綠社以及黃社，每個社別均有由學生擔任的社長以及由老師擔任的社監。
In 2001 there were 10,406 people living in Wells.
Rand did not think that welfare payments to poor people were a good thing, because this involves using force to take money away from others.
Though he was a man of principles, his descendents especially Hari Singh then turned out to be an autocratic ruler who suppressed the Muslims during his reign.
Balukas averaged 3.44 in 1972 with the next best, Gloria Walker, having an average of 2.37.
He won the Moldovan Chess Championship in 2000.
對於巴巴札家的傑克不放心，他希望傑克不要擅自去曼西尼家見莫妮卡，並沒收了傑克的車鑰匙。
When the Landes department was created on 17 February 1800, the arrondissement of Mont-de-Marsan was part of that original department.
Although he had to retract his writings at his trial,it is widely believed that after the trial he insisted that Earth does move around the sun, saying the famous phrase "Eppur si muove' – still it moves.
Inside the DMZ, near the western coast of the peninsula, is a place called Panmunjeom.
Five more new episodes aired from February 23-27, 2009 part of "Animal Invasion" week, followed by five new episodes aired from May 18-22, 2009 part of an "Barnyard Bizarro Week".
The population was 3,949 at the 2010 census.
"Measuring the cost of cybercrime."
In 1725 the king married Maria Leszczyńska, daughter of Stanisław I of Poland.
He then switched to the Newtown Jets for two seasons between 1981-1982.
Black mambas mate in the early springtime.
The club plays in the North American Soccer League (NASL), the second division in American league system.
Matt Slick also has the website The Calvinist Corner.
Autodidactism is only one way to learn, and may be done together with formal education.
İkisini birleştirerek sadece kendisine mahsus olan kekkei-genkai tahta tekniğini (Mokuton) oluşturabilmektedir.
文档在https://docs.
Animation World Network.
He created two new lists of his own.
The person may be speaking his or her thoughts aloud or directly addressing other persons, e.g. an audience, a character, reader, or inanimate object.
Six of the men said they were abused when they were younger and worked at the Chaplain's Pantry.
其研製團體更於1983年獲得國家獎項。
The D71, D712 and D713 roads pass through Joncourt.
The mechanized and panzer divisions would depend heavily on captured fuel.
Some of these things can still be seen today.
Less than a third of the entries were chosen for exhibition.
This is because of Wakulla County's best natural attraction, Wakulla Springs.
The former was considered taller because its spires were considered architectural, while the latter's antennae were not.
Eksen boyunca gerilme deformasyonu, α-sarmal zengini çoğu lifte ve dokularda olur, bunun sonucu üç fazlı bir sert-yumuşak-sert teğet zorlanım çarpanı (İng. tangent modulus) gösterir.
Millions of people in countries all over the world watch this concert on New Year's Day.
Hide and seek: understanding self-deception, self-sabotage, and more.
Genel kulüp ray ölçüleri Kuzey Amerika'da 3½ ", 5" ve 7¼ "ve 4¾" ve 7½ "dir.
At the beginning of World War I, most people, who agreed with Pilsudski, helped Austria-Hungary, because they preferred it to Russia.
In addition, there are some obscure (rare, uncommon) languages that are not yet classified into any family.
After all the tests were finished, some parts of the Enterprise were used in the building of the other shuttles.
，在那兒當了十四年的學校教師。
The accident was caused by damage to the heat-shield which protects it from the heat of reentry into the Earth's atmosphere.
多名便衣警員在商場3樓用「大聲公」呼籲內市民散開，並警告違反「限聚令」
The belly is lighter or white.
以遠洋巡洋艦的標準而言，艦上的乘員空間也不太足夠。
The General Assembly made the UNHRC on 15 March 2006.
Shizenkan has 58 faculty members from equally diverse backgrounds, including business and design schools, the liberal arts, psychology and coaching.
Laik ve Cumhuriyetçi görüşleri ile bilinmekteydi.
But during this process, the tiger could not endure this trial, and rushed out from the cave.
Bugünkü Federasyon bölgeleri ve özellikle Zürih, çok önceden beri dışarı doğru büyük bir göç hareketinin hedefi idi.
The royal Mint was used to generate revenue by producing coins with less quality.
There were 53 housing units at an average density of 231.9 per square mile (89.0/km²).
He currently works with Ray Fosse.
Projenin inanılmaz büyüklüğüne rağmen tüm rota tamamen 1905 yılında tamamlanmıştır.
I went through some personal things.
此外，还有清华大学的DMB-H标准、
Yine aynı dönemde, Pasolini pek çok iftiraya maruz kaldı ve ucuz gazetelerin üçüncü sayfalarının gözdesi oldu.
He is still in the coat of arms of the canton today.
On board the U.S.S. Lackawanna during successful attacks against Fort Morgan, rebel gunboats and the ram Tennessee in Mobile Bay, on 5 August 1864.
Oyun, çocukların bir gün gerçekleştirmek istedikleri umutlarını ve hayallerini ifade etmeleri için basit ama harika yollar yaratmalarına yardımcı oldu.
The building has three tiers (levels).
，有96％的評論家對該電影給予正面評價，平均評分為8.9 / 10。該網站的評價共識是：「《婚姻故事》以充滿同情心與寬容的態度觀察婚姻的破裂，
The closest railway station is Vapi (7 km).
Her two sisters were Jessie and Eleanor.
由于在维尔茨溪铁路中main至圣因格贝尔特沿线的main出现越来越多的运作问题，因此该线路在main至圣因格贝尔特之间获得了一个经由main的新走向。
He was the co-founder of the group El Paso (The Step) in 1957.
The police also talked to people about the death of Janis Roth ten years earlier.
Throbb: Goth's brother-in-law who is killed by a thunderstorm in the novel.
The ECF was formed in 2004, and took charge in 2005.
This means The Great Canon or Vast Documents of the Yongle Era.
Precious image studied at Getty Institute in Los Angeles.
It is also home to the largest mosque in North America, the Islamic Center of America in Dearborn.
，喀山機場進行重大改建土木建設，
Şarkı albüm listelerinin üst sıralarında yer aldı.
My Life as a Dog.
They may want to surrender, or just talk about ways to solve the problem without more fighting.
's first permanent Major League manager.
Jimmy Hart ve Lawler 80’lerin ortasında ‘’The Wimp’’ adında bir albüm çıkarttı.
İlk albümü Ayrılığın El Kitabı, 26 Mayıs 2006’da piyasaya çıktı.
Strong atheism is the certain belief that no god exists.
Begun in 1975 it now costs too much to finish or destroy this building.
The other Urraco versions were the Urraco P200, Urraco P250 and Urraco P300.
More A Stock trains were built in 1962–63 to replace the trains on the Uxbridge service, giving the main line a single train type for all services.
Victoria had nine new cases.
宝山寺佛教建筑文化区內的寶山寺原名梵王宮（玉皇宮），
她的父母于她3岁时离婚，她与哥哥一同由母亲抚养。
The remaining Tamil people live in many other places.
His daughter is Zoe Perry.
In 2016, he released his 9th single song, “Koi” which was the theme song of TBS drama, “The Full-Time Wife Escapist.”
China is home to some of the oldest artwork in the world.
Space was cramped, and the sound of the record was different from their earlier ones.
Another spin-off, Cash Cab: Chicago, started during Cash Cab's sixth season.
湯瑪斯任內，圖書館的藏書持續增加，在她離任時已可和小型文理學院的藏書規模相比。
There are several societies today, who do not have a word for art, but who practice the same painting.
This way, reflexes are processed faster.
It was distributed by Star Cinema.
His team finished third.
However Since 1965 Pakistan wished Maliku to return to the Republic of Maldives.
From 2013, it was sponsored by EE.
At the end of the 99 years, it would return the entire colony of Hong Kong, including the leased land, to China.
Anubis with a human body and a jackal head.
Many died in prisons, or had fled France for safety in other lands.
Besin maddelerini dağıtmak için aeroponik sistemler, su kullanımını en aza indiren, kök oksijenlenmesini artıran ve mükemmel şekilde bitki büyüten hidro-atomize spreyler kullanır.
The water flows all year round from the Tanaosi Range.
每个小组排名第一，加上成绩最好的小组第二，进入半決賽和決賽阶段的比賽。
She was from a semi-
It states that if something is true, then the opposite of it is false.
The head normally includes two to four pair of eyes, although there are some blind species.
She was a gynecologist, geneticist and fighter for women's rights.
He served in the Virginia House of Delegates from 1993 to 2006.
A Democratic candidate has only won the county three times in its history: 1932 (
Lenin was not what Stalin had expected.
，該星球質量初步估計為地球質量的4.
His actions came out of his benevolence and his sense of duty.
At first the song was just meant for the internet.
Gopallawa went against Queen Elizabeth II and was successful.
Four Carolingian monarchs were also Roman Emperors and the Bonapartes were Emperors of the French.
In March 2005, Viacom announced that it would be splitting into two companies.
The act of locating something, of finding or defining the location of something, is a basic idea of modern science.
When the arrondissements were created in 1800, Rodez was one of them in the Aveyron department.
Today, nine of the Horizon League's 12 full members (those playing most, if not all, of their sports in the league) are former members of The Summit League.
On 25 March the National COVID-19 Coordination Commission (NCCC) was set up by the Prime Minister.
The books can be read in the order they were written/published in or by date times in the novels.
Its name comes from the literal translation of the Mapuche term Curu Leuvu, although the water is more green than black.
Sweets is many times a very small group in nutrition guides, and sometimes this group is not included or is put apart from other food groups.
They are Nisala Sithuwili, Jeewithe Wedanaa, citation Nethu Hadawanaa, Sanda Ahinsakai (Theme song) and Denuwan Themi etc. And also she is a singer.
The word was altered in the English language to mean "the way one presents oneself".
Başlangıçtan itibaren disiplinler arası olacak şekilde tasarlanmıştır ve iş ve teknoloji arasındaki talep edilen arayüzler için mezunlar yetiştirmeyi amaçlamaktadır.
Organizations, places, companies, or other things that were founded or established in New Spain in the 18th century.
Costanzo formed his own band in the 1950s which recorded and toured internationally.
His older brother Akira Kubo was an actor for Toho.
，在他决定性的论文“加密系统的通信理论”中首次提到。
自2009年2月起，《生意人报》（俄文）
This lets patients undergo surgery and other procedures without the distress and pain they would normally feel.
The kindred’s with royal and priestly responsibilities are those that brought Otosi to Item from Potopo.
There are also many big inscriptions from then.
The earliest surviving Nôm literature dates from the 13th century.
For this reason, Mourao was arrested 18 times.
It is slow-growing.
Bērziņš was the President of Unibanka from 1993 to 2004. citation He was elected as President by the Saeima on 2 June 2011.
It is at 50° 39 North, 04° 15 East.
Gunter Gabriel (born Günter Caspelherr; 11 June 1942 – 22 June 2017) was a German singer, musician and composer.
It transmits or reflects only other wavelengths, which causes the colour we see.
"On the surface, Facebook provides an invaluable resource for fulfilling the basic human need for social connection.
'te yaygın biçimde kullanılıyordu.
同年夏，到汾阳医院从事党的交通机关工作和汾阳铭义中学党的工作。
He moved to Abilene when he was 2 years old.
This type of fuel cell is a better choice for simpler system.
But it continues in modern times in some places.
The Azerbaijani cuisine has more than 40 different plov recipes.
，並曾代表北卡羅來納大學教堂山分校柏油腳跟隊參加比賽，期間隨隊榮獲main並入選ACC最佳陣容第三隊和ACC最佳防守陣容，格林也是大西洋沿岸聯盟歷史上唯一一名取得1000分、500個籃板、250次助攻，150顆三分球、150次阻攻和150次抄截的球員。
The second part is heard as a comment about or an answer to what the first has sung.
It is light and bright, with a faint bluish cast.
There were not many Spartans but there were many helots.
唐继尧任滇黔靖国联军总司令﹐指挥四军進攻四川﹐
The movie received an Academy Award nomination for Costume Design by Bill Thomas.
It was a collection that had a one disc edition and a two-disc edition.
The companions were often present-time humans.
As of 2019 he was seen by Forbes magazine as the third richest person in Russia with a net worth of $21.1 billion and the 46th richest person in the world.
The last time was in 1758.
開明第十二任君主，是古蜀國末代君主，据宋朝作品《
Hazen, Robert M. Evolution of minerals: looking at the mineral kingdom through the lens of deep time leads to a startling conclusion: most mineral species owe their existence to life.
For simplicity, let's assume we are measuring in a way that will make the qubit change to either a 0 state or a 1 state.
A one off match was also played between an ANZAC side made up of touring Australian and New Zealand players and a Cumbira side.
这种圆顶的圆柱形建筑被美国众多不同文化的土著人所建造。
Volta also found that he could make a little electricity just by making two different metals touch each other.
The winter fur is soft and tall, with short, dense underfur and long, sparse guard hairs.
Following the landings, the Allies built up their forces on the beach.
Nabbit can be played, taking the place of Mario.
Karting is considered a first step in a racer's career.
The Irrawaddy River begins where the streams of the Nmai and Mali join.
It is advisable to acquire the services of a local guide for any hiking trip in view of the presence of wildlife in the surrounding forests.
According to court records, they had nine children together.
'nde hukuk eğitimi almış bir Amerikalı'ydı.
's party declares victory in the vote.
稱摩斯基頓為“主人”或“摩斯主人”。
He became an officer after graduating from the Officer Cadet School, Portsea in Australia.
The 747-300 has a length of 231 feet 10 inches and a wingspan of 195 feet 8 inches.
The group is well known for their songs "Cherry Pie", "Blind Faith" and "Heaven".
Looking something up will take only one step more.
，他出錢找人代替自己去服了兵役，因此得以繼續作畫。
Yüzölçümü 25.800 kilometrekare olan ilçe 2014 verilerine göre 2.280.548 nüfusa sahiptir.
A warranty is violated when the promise is broken; when goods are not as should be expected, at the time the sale occurs, whether or not the defect is apparent.
These are also anti-perspirants because they reduce the production of sweat.
每一個設備纜線信號對上面只能有一個儀器。
阿科纳号可搭载convert煤，故此得以convert的速度续航convert。
From the 1980s onward he had continued his career, appearing on numerous television shows and performing 300 nights a year.
February 2011 version.
The district court took its cue from Daubert v. Merrell Dow Pharmaceuticals, which had solidified a gatekeeping role for trial judges in admitting expert testimony.
Aurelius Victor each have different dates for Philip's birth.) He was the son of Julius Marinus.
，每一層都只能用往下一層所提供的服務。
Activism is most associated with protests.
The belly is a mix of orange-brown and white.
The first The Legend of Zelda game was the fifth best-selling game for the Nintendo Entertainment System.
She had developed a strong interest in a rabbit she had seen while working, and claimed to have given birth to parts of animals.
A hardiness zone is an area where a certain plant can grow.
In an accident, Tanuja's face gets burnt badly and mistakenly she gets Tanu's face.
第1128集節目開場時，澎恰恰意有所指地表示，這個單元是由於「種種原因」才結束的。
He also directed and co-wrote Clown (2014) and Cop Car (2015).
，在目前連最先進的設施都不能及。
Police reported that the shooter, a woman, died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
"What about it, Josh?
Bel canto singing means singing beautifully, flexibly and smoothly, delivering high and low notes in a similar style so that all the notes of a singer's range sound even from top to bottom.
It is part of the North Port-Bradenton-Sarasota, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area.
战后双方都将主要的部队撤离了派娄斯，
The Cult of the Amateur.
In the 90s and early 2000s, the western world began to see more manga and anime, including shōjo.
作为评定众获准使用北条家裁许印判状（虎朱印状），其中一部分判状仍现存于世。
、升禁从为显宦，而不以官之迟速为荣滞；以差遣要剧为贵途，而不以阶、勋、爵邑有无为轻重。”
而第四波女权主义始于2012年左右，与社交媒体的使用相关联，特别是Facebook，Instagram，Youtube,在信息时代的使用。
He finished the 2004 season second in points with three wins.
Gardi, commander al-Shaabi, and four fighters were killed.
That is why males have wider faces and shoulders but narrower hips.
两个州未批准宪法最主要的原因就是认为宪法中缺乏保护基本公众自由和权利的条款，以后民众有冤无“法”伸。
However, there are still some who praise Conservapedia.
，main著写的史诗《约翰尼斯》（Iohannis）中颂扬了他的功绩。
Ono trusted Pang, and suggested her as a companion for Lennon, knowing he wanted to see other women.
Bu bağlantı çeşidinde splitter kullanmaya gerek yoktur.
I've got so many gay fans and they're so loyal to me and they really lifted me up.
Steve Rotheram was present at the concert with his family.
王金河（1916年4月23日－2014年3月13日），
There are three different kinds of rhabdomyosarcoma.
As long as she remained in hell, the earth was barren.
Some children died under the guardianship of the nuns due to serious illness.
After September 1939, the Dutch tried to improve the situation, but with little result.
She is the granddaughter of singer Rafael Farina.
When you divide or multiply an inequality with a negative number on both sides, the statement is false.
At the beginning of the Civil war, both the North and South needed generals.
The first cellular mobile phone networks were created in 1979 in Japan.
The dolmen is owned and looked after by Cadw, citation the Welsh Historic Monuments Agency.
"I had to stop for gas," John said.
Unusual even among early birds and feathered dinosaurs, Microraptor is one of the few known bird precursors to sport long flight feathers on its feet as well as its forearms and hands.
Bisexual women may be called nymphomaniacs.
Bu teoriler içinde türlü görüşler de vardır.
浦东部分包括高桥中兴镇、周家渡等地区。
Xuanzang reached Kashgar in what is now the westernmost part of China and Hetien, the capital of the Buddhist kingdom of Khotan.
Channels which are not related to these things are off-topic on freenode.
She was the middle daughter of three girls.
The adult Perseus (
A small, closely held company can often make decisions much more rapidly than a publicly traded company, because there will generally be fewer voting shareholders or the shareholders would have common interests.
He served as Prime Minister of Vanuatu twice (September 1991 – December 1991; March 1998 – November 1999).
Black culture will always be a part of me regardless of whether it is on the African context, African American or both.
Other missions include behind enemy lines operations, high risk reconnaissance missions and front line engagement and termination missions.
Between March 2002 and January 2003, 48 cases of homicide, 80 cases of theft and 12 cases of kidnappings were reported in Kabul municipal boundaries.
Queen Dido is mourning her dead husband, a man to whom she swore eternal fidelity.
The years right after that had many post-war problems.
There are some individual menhirs and at least one other formation which do not fit into the above categories.
O yıllarda Silifke Ermenilerinin lideri, Hacı Manolyan idi.
Car Accident Lawyer: Every Car Accident Lawyer, Who is also a Personal Injury Lawyer suggests some DO’s and Don’t after a Car accident.
，尊封密妃为皇祖顺懿密太妃 《清史稿 卷214 列傳一 后妃》：乾隆初，同時尊封者.
It is possible to have star systems with more than two members.
İki araç arasında görsel benzerlik bulunmamaktadır.
They leave it to those involved to choose the correct means.
He says that Percy is not his type, and he was simply young, confused, lonely and scared with no one else to turn to or trust at the time.
Professor Mather went to work at the Goddard Institute for Space Studies at Columbia University.
WPA Personal is used a lot in casual places like people's homes.
Both Alexa and Tanner also play music.
'nden sonra elli sekiz yıl daha kilise olarak işlevini sürdü.
Hancock, however, began a withdrawal of the Union troops north of James.
Department of State.
But if it is less than 12 weeks old a woman may not see anything but blood.
The monument is 53.46 m (173.39 ft) tall and was built according to plans by the sculptor Ernst von Bandel.
加張弘小豎，眾所不與，宜時赴討。”
Ruhban ödemeyi 5 yılın üzerine yaymayı önerdi.
He also co-directed the third Madagascar movie.
Tokat il merkezine 117 km, Erbaa ilçesine 35 km uzaklıktadır.
Timothy James Walz (main; born April 6, 1964) is an American politician.
The city is also headquarters for the St. Kitts-Nevis-Anguilla National Bank, the largest bank in the Eastern Caribbean, in terms of assets.
He improved how far rockets could go, how stable they were, and how accurate they were.
大衛·布萊爾離開船員部門造成了一個問題，
There are animal farms that are exclusively built for organic farming and are only distributing organic meat.
·阿維拉（Juan Avila），而後者則在土地上設立了數個牧場sfn。
From the Great War to the Gulf, Allan Sutton Publishing Ltd., Phoenix Mill 1995.
He also marched along the south-eastern coast of India.
The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Estonia") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
Lee Rich, one of the founders of Lorimar sold his shares in 1986 and left the company.
Although Amlaki recognises him, she is unable to point this out to the family members.
Four of these children became musicians, including Johann Sebastian.
As coach, Chapman had a six-year career with I-League 2nd Division club Tata Football Academy from 2002 to 2008, followed by Royal Wahingdoh FC and Students Union of the Bangalore Super Division.
Doctors must also rule out pretending to have DID for attention or sympathy, and malingering (pretending to have DID for some personal gain).
Merkez bankası faiz oranlarını gittikçe artan yüksek fiyatlara göre belirler.
It is convert of land and convert of water.
楼三室：何敬平、潘鸿志、丰伟光、邓华朗、明昭、向成义、吴奉贵、周成铭、齐亮、王锡敏、夏惠禄、陈本立、王德伟、蒲小路。
All common water machines until the late 19th century (including water wheels) were reaction machines; water's pressure head acted on the machine and produced work.
The Panthers won the state championship in 1983 and 2000 and were state championship runners-up in 1997 and 1998.
Honda Pilot is a mid-sized four-door crossover utility vehicle.
The ocean borders Georgia to the southeast.
They wanted more pay and better living conditions.
Twelve days after the movie was released, however, the Three Mile Island accident occurred in Dauphin County, Pennsylvania.
When the power is given back to the FPGA a fixed part of the FPGA reads the configuration from the configuration memory chip.
For Heroin, that natural opiate is morphine.
，又率巴祿、阿桂、傅景、瑚爾起等四百餘人，與阿里衮分兵兩路，於十二日啟程，追剿至巴達克山境內。
In the 1960s, Trenner worked as a studio musician, and led The Steve Allen Show house band.
他引進摩尼教，因為摩尼教很适合以遊牧为生的部落。
The first use of the Greek symbol "π" was in an essay written in 1706 by William Jones.
There are many different kinds of sauces.
Simple English: "Eat that today, for today is God's Shabbat.
Ethnologue: Languages of the World, Seventeenth edition, eds.
Libertarians are opposed to states (or governments) creating any "
It is an informal fallacy because the error is about what the argument is about, and not the argument itself.
However, the entry must be written to the backing store at some point in time.
He fell in love with María Vidaurreta.
The capital is Enugu.
It was created in 1865.
The western Riverina is thought to be the end of the Ballarat and Bendigo geological zone.
The Council has 42 members.
，他的表演造成轟動，獲得廣泛讚譽及死後的獲獎，
位於羅斯福路3段286巷之路牌，
The three left on the night of December 8 for San Diego.
In 2006, Allison was elected to the Oakland city council.
He came in second in one race.
若其補助費為16000元，銀樓負責人就刷17600元（其中1600元為銀樓負責人的佣金）。
These stores are still in front of the temple right now.
To understand this is to comprehend Immortality--the Apotheosis of the Human Race.
They are considered to be some of the most important miracles of Allah.
Like all clearing houses, the OCC makes sure that nobody cheats, and they check everything to be sure that it is working.
Bu sebepten silah alçak uçuş yapan uçaklara ve hafif zırhlı araçlara karşı kullanıldı.
Granddaughter is female.
By the late 1980s, people realised that structural adjustment policies were worsening life for the world’s poor.
After Gaga's performance, "Million Reasons" entered the Billboard Hot 100 again at number four, tying the record for the highest re-entry on the Hot 100. It became her 14th top-ten hit and her 10th top-five in the US.
，担任上海市工商局副局长，后被划为“右派”分子。1979年1月，杨延修恢复了党籍和名誉，被任命为上海市工商联副主任兼党组书记 citation ，市统战部党组成员，市政协副秘书长 citation 。1979年9月，上海市工商界爱国建设公司成立以后，担任党组书记、副董事长。1988年离休后，继续在爱建公司任职；1996年，又出任董事长，1999年，改任董事会顾问。
但是休息时间的缩短，不利于其持久工作。
Harris is a mentor to Cadillac Kolstad and City Pages calls them the "must-see dueling-piano act in town".
Covers origins, vocabulary, grammar and place names.
As a result, the oxygen and hydrogen atoms are attracted to each other due to the electromagnetic force.
Some streets had to be shut down because of the flooding.
She acted in twelve movies between 1971 and 1974.
The Croix de guerre may be given to a unit or to individuals who for acts of heroism involving combat with enemy forces.
Publications of the Astronomical Society of Australia 27 (4): 457–462.
改草种后，无需进行除草以外的任何维护即可维持一年。
It has a fine parish church unusually called St Cosmas and St Damian Church.
The Ryūkyū Kingdom was reorganized.
A brief guide to genomics.
This is a list of cities in the Turks and Caicos Islands.
Other deputies realised they faced an attempted coup.
It was mainly because of Leslie's death.
Ramesh Chandra Lahoti (born 1 November 1940) is an Indian judge.
They mistakenly think that they are doing as well as "average" or even "above average".
As of the 2000 census, the population of the city is 9,652.
After his death, it became known that he had sexual relationships with at least two women, one of whom was a minor at the time.
Kasabanın nüfusu 31 Aralık 2016 tarihi itibarıyla 8,989'dur.
Eğer o ise, ben değilim.
The animals can be found near water during these months.
It is a part of the Greater Los Angeles area.
In 2020, Minnesota's state legislature is the only one in the United States in which one political party controls one house and the other party controls the other.
Bu iki kavram Amerika’da ilk defa asıl olarak George Mason’un kaleminden çıkarak 1776’da “Virjinya İnsan Hakları Bildirgesi”nde kesin olarak belirlenmiştir.
Although the Zodiac claimed 37 murders in letters to the newspapers, investigators agree on only seven confirmed victims, two of whom survived.
H 3 PO 3 以HP(O)(OH) 2 這種形式描述比較好。
It measured approximately 1 meter long (3 ft).
Built in 1924, it is one of the oldest still in use.
The sugar(s) are heated separately to reach convert.
Within the year, three general stores, a drug and clothing store, two hotels, a pool hall, a boarding house, a barbershop and the local newspaper started operating in the village.
It was published under the name of anthropologist William Ramsay Smith. citation They were republished in their original form in 2006, under the author's name, as Legendary Tales of the Australian Aborigines.
He did not learn all of the pieces of the song because his tutor only knew 13 of them (there were more that his tutor did not know); even so, it took him 2 years to master it, with courses of one 2-hour lesson per week.
'de bulunan organizasyon, Temmuz 2014'te Perianne Boring tarafından kuruldu.
Two members of the Korea team are North Koreans.
This changes A/C (alternating current, like in a wall plug in a house) to D/C (direct current, used in electronics).
On February 10, 1968, Lufthansa became the first non-American airline to fly a new Boeing aircraft.
比起先前两张专辑时他听的那些旋律化音乐，
It was designed as long ago as 1879, but then the plans were changed to make it look like a 13th-century cathedral like the one in Rheims.
具有海军背景的上校Dunnington为向一位海军而不是步兵投降感到一丝安慰。
Spent ammunition is ejected for easier reloading.
The Opposition Leader is elected by the Opposition Party.
He is considered the first writer who wrote a tragicomedy.
估计系统于当地时间晚上0点左右在半岛近海发展成第八号热带低气压 。
Diomedes and his men chased the thieves.
There may be a cut because it can be hard to walk in.
Doktor, güç hücrelerinden birini (önceki bölümde eksik olan hücre) kullanarak baraj duvarını yok eder.
Unlike The Skeld, the map was released as paid content, and is set in a floor in a floating building that is the headquarters of the company MIRA.
The fly often looks like hatched insects or other food on the water surface.
The former BCF still exists for legacy purposes, but its website was inherited by the ECF.
Sorkin's hectic writing schedule often led to cost overruns and schedule slips, Carter, Bill.
，就一直在華南總院教中國文學，一直到華南結束 黎正甫 華南總修院有一位中文教授黎正甫，可說一生都是為教會服務，他原生於福建，在北平輔仁大學畢業後，曾為于斌樞機主教(當年于斌是南京的總主教)辦過教會益世報等編輯工作。
The Hall burned down a few years after he died.
Manasseh is recorded in the Bible as one of the most idolatrous (
Other forms of TEFL are TESL (Teaching English as a second language), TESOL (Teaching English to speakers of other languages), and ESL (English as a second language).
造反派还声称《红岩》是一个右派分子写的，不是罗广斌写的。
It was seen on 28 February 1997.
呂良偉精通幾種語言，而且自幼習武，
Today, ruins are left, which can be reached in a four-wheel drive.
Recently glaciers have been melting more than they did in the past.
As of 2013, it is the biggest wind turbine maker in the world.
Amélie finds a box of toys left behind by an owner of her flat.
他對相中的女星及其家人所造成的傷害，表示深深致歉，對香港社會的影響，亦表示歉意。
Sometimes there are black types but usualy they are light yellow.
Among others who committed themselves to the Ninth Crusade were some of Edward's former adversaries.
Climate change, body size evolution, and Cope's rule in deep-sea ostracodes.
She also said that Cameron does a good job playing both main characters.
國中部學生於2009年11月20遷入新大樓，11月27日正式啟用。
Frogs are good jumpers, and some can leap up to six feet in the air.
He died of natural causes.
Brearley found that the new chromium steels were very resistant to chemical attack.
它更多的用于为外照射提供剂量补充（也称作“推量”治疗），因为它提供了另外一种方式，既可使前列腺内的肿瘤获得适形的高剂量，又避免邻近组织接受不必要的照射。
One feature Grail had that made it not like any other web browser was the fact it could run client-side Python code, mostly like how mainstream web browsers run client-side JavaScript code.
Warriors used the weapon against horsemen.
He became King on 25 July 1139, after winning the Battle of Ourique.
佛陀欲訓誡之，遂藏其愛子，鬼子母神因而悲嘆痛傷。
佛焰苞狀，長約5厘米，末端圓而鈍。
The film was theatrical released on 24th March 2017.
And his weakness is being extremely vain.
When he was young he thought the sun a mango.
，半岛电视台曾于2009年4月咨询中国政府，得到“不承认其存在”的答复 citation 。
Windows Phone 7 features a user interface based on a design system codenamed and commonly referred to as Metro.
：Journey from Obscurity(發行於1963年)多年來被認為是正確且客觀的記載，但卻還是被注意到一些事。
With Congregationalism, each church or community has a lot of autonomy.
On examination, the rock is seen to include fragments of the original rock.
For example, they use HaShem ("The Name") or Shem HaMeforash (“the indescribable Name”).
As of January 7, 2013, there were more than 300,000 native iPad apps available for users.
He was 32 years old, and was not married.
At the age of 43 (in 1942) he began suffering from an unknown disease.
It was released in December 12, 2002 with PlayStation in Japan.
Girls' Generation fully released their third Japanese single, "Mr.
The Tillamook tribe used to live between the Necanicum River and Tillamook Bay.
This is because every person knows a lot about their own situation (what they need and what they want, what works and what does not work), much more than the government knows.
，外觀為19世紀新哥特式建築。
He is called Master Lu by his followers.
It was a great success, and improved his popularity in England.
遊戲使用的是晶體動力的遊戲引擎，稱為「Foundation」。
It currently has about articles.
In some jurisdictions the terms are interchangeable.
They left a garrison to guard the crossing at Deep Bottom.
他在浙大就读大二时担任学生会外联实践部部长，
; who studied the phylogenetics of some Polygonum species.
Vitamin B 12 (or vitamin B-12) is also called cobalamin.
Teams play other teams in their division often.
Burada bir maç sonrası bir subay'la girdiği kavga sonucu tutuklanarak ceza evinde yattı.
端溪书院主讲，遂于光绪十三年（1887年）到达广东，次年到达肇庆。
分形维数不需要数学背景，也很容易理解：
Internet Explorer 10 does not work with Windows Vista, but only for Windows 7 and a future release of the Windows operating system.
Michelina de Cesare (1841-68) was a brigand from the South of Italy.
來源請求 近藤指他在翻唱樂隊時，
The total number of ATM machines grew to 90.
蜥腳形亞目起初由古生物學家休尼（Friedrich von Huene）在1932年建立，並分為兩個次分類：
Summers are hot, dry, and sunny; winters are mild with moderate rainfall.
The elaborate costumes were designed by Orry-Kelly.
The mango then disappeared, and Paramathathan realised the divine nature of his wife.
He takes on the identity of "the blue spirit" at the end of season one and beginning of season two.
They climb on the trees and bushes.
Rishi agrees to marry Netra so he can make Tanuja jealous so she confesses her love.
Many characters and events from the original book were used in early versions.
The closest vertex of the 16-cell to the viewer projects onto the center of the octahedron.
后来周恩来亲自出面，表示欢迎她和五个孩子都到中国来工作。
It last from September to December 20, 1991, and aired every day 4:30 PM, except for weekends.
但自19世纪以後因為連發槍支的普及，刺刀突擊時也將產生相當大的傷亡，僅以近距戰鬥的一員作為陸上作戰的一個型式而已。
Güney duvarında üstte iki ve batı duvarında üstte biri sade, biri söveli iki, alt kısmında da kemerli iki büyük pencere vardır.
In the early 21st century there are about 1,000 members of HaNoar HaOved VeHaLomed's Tnuat Bogrim ("Movement of Graduates").
，持續對抗埃塞俄比亞以及索馬里過渡聯合政府（TFG）的武裝部隊。
，逆流而上抵達蜀國，該廟也被民眾捐獻給他當住宅。
健康的珊瑚會出現紅、黃、綠、藍、紫等各種美麗的顏色，而這些顏色其实其体内海藻的颜色。
De Gaulle had many admirers, but he was also one of the most hated men in modern French history.
Antijen niceliğinin az olduğu olgularda meydana gelen büyük moleküllü suda erimeyen immun kompleks partikülleri lenforetiküler sistem (RES) tarafından yok edilir.
Extract from Proceedings of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences 4 (1860): 411–415.
中性形式，例如 esto 被保留，因为不同于拉丁语中的大大多名词，阳性和中性的对于这些代词差异并不取决于一个最终的辅音。
唐天宝十五年（公元756年），
In November, Lenin was chosen as its leader.
在小组赛第三轮比赛中，孙雯打入一球，
狹義上而言，此悖論指出當個人儲蓄試圖增加，總儲蓄會下降；或廣義上來說，儲蓄增加對經濟可能有損。
The paintings featured in her solo show in Melbourne were all related to this particular Dreaming.
The Otomíes called it Mxei, which means the place where the ballgame is played.
This slows down the frontal rainband just before the mountain barrier.
Some religions do not believe in a god or do not include the concept of gods.
So it is only a sense of duty that causes her to open her home to Pollyanna, her newly orphaned niece.
Killer Leopard (sometimes Bomba and the Killer Leopard) was released on 22 August 1954.
It showed eleven of his paintings.
A byte is the smallest piece of memory that can be addressed.
This mosque is the most important Shi'a mosque in Iraq.
金戈与未婚妻柳文婷完婚之日，肖百川弃城逃跑，引日军入城，金戈的母亲被日军坦克压死，柳文婷为免受辱被迫跳楼。
He is currently a player agent.
The diversity of religions and the government laws create the spread of different cultures and arts.
自发行后大获乐评的好评，并被普遍认为是愛黛兒商业成绩的突破，将愛黛兒推到了全球舞台。
Ten have been released as singles.
They meet once or twice a year in Paris.
As of 2017, Statista estimates its current circulation to be in 15,700.
The old hair is removed by pulling it by hand.
山根武亮（1853年3月24日－1928年4月4日）
Children learn to speak their native language and become socialized to their society without being conscious of the principles which guide their behaviour.
Illustrated portrait and signature from a 1988 issue of GAO Journal magazine.
Piccadilly street sign.
Visual kei artists use striking fashion and theatrical performances to highlight their music.
They fought and conquered each other.
中越鐵道的《開業二十年誌》與日本《官報》所列的日期有出入。
The next president, Ernest L. Wilkinson, also helped the university grow, as the school adopted a faster program to build.
But I was here in New York City, I had money and I couldn't buy any clothes.
The name Capitol Hill is often used to refer to both the historic district and to the larger neighborhood around it.
Good, Cure for Pain, Yes, and Like Swimming.
It goes from being stable one minute to fluid the next minute.
Have you thought of having treatment?
Maçlarını ise 3,000 kişilik KÍ Stadı 'nda oynamaktadır.
》之後，黃晸玟再度接觸涉及南北韓劇情的戲劇，對於飾演「真實的間諜」，黃晸玟做足了功課，不論是臉部表情、肢體語言或是講話口音，都必須是不同的演繹方式，他說：「我飾演的『朴皙映』與『黑金星』雖然是同一人， 但必須有完全不同的詮釋，在南韓時，他是間諜黑金星，但到了北韓，他卻要變身為商人，說話的口音與肢體語言截然不同，這對我而言是很大的挑戰，導演用了許多特寫鏡頭拍攝我的臉部表情，身為一位間諜，在騙人時內心還是會有所衝突，而這些細微的內心矛盾也會反映在臉部表情上。
Both of these countries were as industrially advanced.
在之前赛季進入过前40（第7季前50选手不受此限制）、擁有經紀合約或唱片合約以及非美國公民或者是移民将不得参赛。
It recognises such cells by a condition known as "missing self".
He has twin children and is married.
The cause of death was atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease.
This comic strip was about a bossy live-in maid.
Furthermore, the latter system transliterates the digraphs АЙ•ай, ЕЙ•ей, ОЙ•ой and УЙ•уй by AI•ai, EI•ei, OI•oi and OUI•oui instead of AY•ay, EY•ey, OY•oy and UY•uy respectively.
They usually have hot, humid summers and cold, dry winters.
It is one of the largest historic districts in the United States.
Bigger mass causes more curving.
，並花了一年的時間在機械工廠實習，1862年畢業後，於1863年進入柏林工業大學就讀，至1866年時，
In 2001, there were 174 people living in Brent Eleigh.
Brinker is known for helping people with HIV and AIDS through her foundation.
，義大利超級人瑞暨前任在世最長壽者（
She kept working.
Character names are borrowed from history, languages, and mythologies of many cultures.
Avoor is the great example of that villages.
Real-time eclipse of Phobos over the sun on August 20, 2013).
But readers from the 18th and 19th Centuries did not think Wyatt's work was as good as Shakespeare's or Sidney's, who came after him.
Pope Alexander is known for writing Inter Caetera in 1493.
该旧市镇总面积9.53平方公里，2009年时的人口为175人。 citation 2016年，
They currently play in the Gibraltar Premier Division and share the Victoria Stadium with all other clubs in the territory.
They can be used to protect electronics from voltages that could damage components.
Sorasında 1883-1894 yılları arasında derlenmiş Devrî Hamidî Fihristleri eserinde Köprülü-zâde Mehmed Pâşâ Kütübhânesinde Mahfûz Kütüb-i Mevcûdenin Defteri başlığıyla yer almıştır.
Ratchet can use lots of weapons and gadgets to attack enemies, solve puzzles, and jump over gaps.
而紫微夫人在發現一生努力之積蓄，全被金揚佔有之後，失望投海自盡。
Rasmus Lindgren (born 29 November 1984 in Landskrona,Sweden) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga.
He has also worked in a few TV commercials.
They married in 1946.
Halen Corriere Della Sera gazetesinde çalışıyor.
In the 1988 Swedish general election, they only received 1,118 votes.
They pulled the hide as much as possible without tearing it.
It is also referred to as interoception.
中国国内信徒较多的地区包括湖南、湖北、福建等省。
Tom Evans had problems like Ham's, and killed himself (eight years after Ham) in the same way.
，将张邱建算经的北宋刊本收入《
The Marqueyssac gardens are located in the town of Vézac, in the French department of Dordogne, in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region.
He borrowed the Sun's Golden Cup and sailed away in it.
Richard Herd, Jr. (September 26, 1932 – May 26, 2020) was an American actor.
He is portraited as a African-American South Central gangsta that drives a pink and white 64 Impala-like car.
Bu sahalar, korozyon elemanları çinko adını alır.
Alwa hangs it on the wall.
American Anthropologist n.s., 42: pp. 550–551 The land is also called Alyeska, which is another Aleut word that means "the great land."
Until March, all cases were linked to recent travel to a country with a large number of cases.
This is also called ISO, and is written in the form "400."
Its a small, bipedal, meat-eating dinosaur that had forward-pointing teeth, a long neck, and a long tail.
ハロ☆プロ アワード'09 〜エルダークラブ卒業記念スペシャル〜supported by YOKOHAMA ARENA 20th Anniversary（2009年1月31日・2月1日）
它配備了一塊青年型尺寸的12英寸（304.
The Oriental Longhair was first named the British Angora.
After the 1970s brought prosperity to the Channel 4 news team, the group disbands and hits rock bottom until a 24-hour news channel is being put together and in the 1980s the group is recruited to join the channel.
When the players fight monsters the player's level will be the same level as the monsters of that area plus one.
The lunchtime screening on Tuesday 11 September 2001 began at 14:10 BST.
The movie was theatrically released on 31 May 2013.
兩車站之間由於只有小路相通，因此沿途設置了很多路牌指標以免旅客迷路。
The current Governor of the Province is Abdul Jabbar Naeemi.
By the end of the Civil War, about 30,000 Union soldiers, and about 26,000 Confederate soldiers, had died in prisoner of war camps.
UN peacekeepers travel to troubled places in the world and try - sometimes successfully, sometimes not - to keep the peace.
He was born into a family of master thieves called the Cooper Clan.
“关于做好纪念抗战胜利75周年电视剧播出安排的通知”的通知，1)指出自即日起各级电视播出机构特别是电视上星综合频道要精心遴选播出抗战题材优秀电视剧；2.
Dipol moment boyutsuz akım ve alan çarpımına eşittir, birimi de amper metre karedir (A·m 2 ), büyüklüğü döngüden geçen akımın döngü alanıyla çarpımına eşittir.
For most kanji, however, the shinjitai form is unchanged from the kyūjitai form.
安加拉型火箭系列於2009年莫斯科航空展展出之模型。
Any person who violates an AVO may be charged with a criminal offence.
He is a man of Angom blood lineage.
Because they are in the nucleus, the protons are pushed slightly apart.
Blackburne learned the game at the relatively late age of 18 but quickly became a strong player.
He was born in Colchester, Ontario and died in Detroit, Michigan.
This will take you the Bellandur Main Road, which eventually leads out to the Outer Ring Road.
In history there were great rulers who held important courts, e.g.
Positive symptoms are thoughts, behaviors, or anything experienced by the senses that are not shared by others - like hearing voices that are not really there.
Dante babasını sevmezdi, bunun nedeni babasının kötü ünü veya silik kişiliği olabilir.
There is often some danger in the story.
Álvaro Parente also signed as a test driver, but left the team prior to the launch of the VR-01. citation The 2010 car was officially launched on the team's website on 3 February 2010.
He called benign tumours (tumors that are not made up of cancer cells) oncos.
Since, it involves the use of many English, Hindi and Arabic words, it seems to resemble various languages spoken in Sri Lanka, South East Asia and North India.
相較於今日行政區，其範圍大致包括小東里東部狹長地帶、慈安里、中興里、新東里北部兩側邊界地帶、大新里東南大半部、神農里東南大半部不含東部邊界中段一小塊地、民權里南半部。
New York: The Rockefeller University Press.
There was an old team in the 1880s called the New York Metropolitans.
，但在旅館浴室面對成年體的白引誘卻設法逃避。
第三階段包括一個市場和電影院，已在2014年完工，最後一階段的酒店、
What's a Man to Do was released on May 27, 2003.
Intelligence is not limited to humans.
Currently, the structure is under the supervision of All Jammu and Kashmir Shia Association, who maintain it.
The awards ceremony is held after the month-long movie festival, which showcases some of the nominated movies for the awards.
These ships had their combat systems, and were propelled by oarsmen.
Plume winter scenario for biosphere catastrophe: the Permo-Trassic boundary case, in: Yuen et al Superplumes: beyond plate tectonics.
This process has been called selective incorporation.
As the sets were produced, Lego developed them on the sets' website through "character bios and an episodic adventure game."
安娜的坟墓上立有一座convert高的希腊女神雕像 。
該名員工成为图雷和他的两个弟弟的母亲。
The leader of the combination classification wears a white jersey.
A simple but slow algorithm is: pick up two cards and check whether they are sorted correctly.
As of the 2000 census, the population is 2,539.
Doppler radars may be Coherent Pulsed, Continuous Wave, or Frequency Modulated.
In March 2003, a provisional arrest warrant was issued calling him a "material witness".
The 500-Mile Race was canceled for the years 1942–1945.
Most USB flash drives are dumb devices that hold data.
The Festivalbar is an annual awards Italian ceremony were established in 1964.
Any Americans that were in Saigon at the time were evacuated by helicopter or fixed-wing aircraft.
因意外失去記憶的她開設了一家名為「Memories」的小店，讓人寄賣有回憶的物品。
The cabinet was led by Count Johann Hartwig Ernst von Bernstorff.
It also occurs naturally in places like swamps (where organisms have decomposed) and volcanoes.
》描述它為「老調重彈和實驗歌曲間的平衡」 citation 。
Öğle saatlerinde Fransızlar Avusturyalıların merkezini yarmayı başardı.
Twilight ve arkadaşları Twilight'ın abisi Shining Armour ve Twilight'ın bebek bakıcısı Prenses Cadance'ın düğününü düzenlerler.
應天府鄉試第一百二十九名舉人。
Tanks from 1st Canadian Armoured Brigade also joined the battle.
Zambia is a melting pot of culture and diversity yet to be appreciated with at least 72 spoken languages.
The emperors who withdrew from public life did not give up any of their many powers.
Michael Meyer, The Bedford Introduction to Literature, St. Martin's, 2005, p 2128.
He is often called "The Father of Independence" for the Congolese.
Later he combined the two, acting and writing under the name "Al Hunter Ashton".
在洗礼中得到的恩典使教会与基督紧密相连，基督已经给予他的子民自由，可以在直接的关系中寻求他，而不是追求任何满足自己的幻想。
，戊辰進士河南副使晉階中憲大夫名宦；母高氏（封宜人贈安人）；繼母謝氏。
'de bulunan bir konser alanı.
The first people to reach the top were Peter Boardman, Chris Bonington, Alan Rouse, and loe Tasker, in 1981.
Oyun metnindeki açıklamalara göre bundan sonra Ian ölür.
It received positive reviews and set records.
Set the Packers record for Highest Completion Percentage, Season (140 attempts) with 68.3%.
Later on three main new radio channels were added, the pan-Arab The Voice of the Arabs (صوت العرب) in 1953, Egyptian Radio's Second Programme (البرنامج الثاني) in 1957 and the pan-Arab Middle East Radio (إذاعة الشرق الأوسط) in 1964.
The Eastern black rhinoceros (Diceros bicornis michaeli) is also known as the East African black rhinoceros.
She cannot compete for 18 months, after 13 October 2016.
，但他很快就离开乌克兰前往比利时，
The movie was released on April 21, 1995 to positive reviews.
Certainly, he was hospitalized and his appearance showed signs of a grave illness.
After the break-up of Yugoslavia, he worked at the Football Association of Republika Srpska, helping to form all the youth category teams.
She created a journal, along with other Afghani who were living outside Afghanistan, called Gahanama.
He gained the support of the governor of Syria, Gaius Licinius Mucianus.
，長17公里、寬12公里，面積143.
It is usually thrown with the arm out to the side or above the head.
This left many people injured or dead.
Blanco did not stand in the 1986 election, and the new government put him on trial for corruption.
The Sims Bowling combines a life simulator with a bowling game, where the player must collect points by playing bowling in different game modes in order to set up their home and buy bowling equipment.
The state secondary schools are entirely comprehensive, although seven schools in the south and southwest of the county are partially selective.
認為「愛情」的經驗只代表一個人未能真正了解愛的本質。
菲利斯·馬加特以四百萬歐元的價格將他簽下。
Israel tried for the next few days to defeat the Egyptians and push them back behind the canal.
In the first year it was published, 300,000 copies of the book were sold, and it was translated into many important languages.
Losing Dean Paul broke Martin's spirit.
In nature, most animals blend into their environment or conceal their shape.
A trimester is about three months long.
Dogs can serve people in many ways.
The weight and cost of effective armour meant it was no longer practical to have infantrymen armoured.
A white version of the 40 gigabyte model was released in Japan in November.
The word "organ trio" is also used to refer to the type (or "genre") of music played by organ trios from the 1950s and 1960s.
，是美國乃至世界頂尖的大學之一。
He used the woodshed owned by his family business, Tyrrell Brothers, to do the work on the cars.
，最早在2013年3月的未來路線圖中宣佈，是帕斯卡微架構的繼任者之一。
They are mainly worn to big events such as weddings, dinner parties or some sort of smart dressed do.
大多数需要搜集样本，进行专业分析测试。
It was made because most of Daler Mehndi's other videos have women dancing.
鄉道雲162線是口莊至府番的道路。
In the end he got 36. citation Some of the MPs who nominated him didn't think he would win and only nominated him to have a 'broader debate'.
In less common cases, the body continues attacking myelin and the symptoms get worse rapidly, a form called "Primary Progressive MS".
The reason is that he was good at playing baseball in the all matches and he noticed that he functioned as a cheering up the other players.
The only animals that live here are seabirds and a herd of feral goats.
八月，諸葛亮病倒 : 925 。
She claims that RWB takes sides.
Because they found raiding so easy, it became more and more popular among the Vikings.
He found that some parts of the brain were not connected very well, and that this happened during the fourth month of pregnancy.
An enumeration of the species of Paramignya, Atalantia and Citrus, found in Malaya.
，座標coord，海拔2,505米。
He currently races in the Formula Renault 3.5 Series.
The Soviet Union had many regions called "republics".
The style has three filiform, spoon-shaped branches, each expanding towards the apex.
因此，推測他所說的創制，即是提案的漢譯，這個假說是合理的。
The illustrated dictionary has grown to 2208 pages for the 31st edition.
遍布全国等地，生长于海拔300米至3,600米的地区，常生于低海拔地区的山坡、山地阳坡局部地区常成为植物群落的优势种、灌丛地、路旁、森林草原地区，常成为植物群落的优势种或主要伴生种，目前尚未由人工引种栽培。
To begin with, the Indian National Congress was not a very active political party.
Höyük ilk kez 1966 yılında Erhan Bıçakçı, Sh.: 26 I. A. Todd tarafından tespit edilmiştir.
Chilton is author of more than 100 scientific publications.
It is the municipality farthest south in the valley of the Sernf.
講述一群自由奔放且充滿活力的年輕人在友情和愛情以及音樂之間發生的浪漫青春愛情故事。
这导致了人工器官原有性质的变化，这些变化很可能会使人工器官失效。
The bottle on the right has phosphorus trichloride in it.
A rock crawling competition consists of obstacle courses that are about 100-200 yards long.
翻譯員在賽事進行期間進行手語傳譯，遇到不少困難。
在『景勝公一代略記』中，景家在天正3年（1575年）
He is voiced by Dick Sittig.
It won Album of the Year and Best Rap Album at the 2004 Grammy Awards.
诺曼底登陆时一艘LCT作为浮动的面包房。
它们通过在物体上留下抓痕以及留下尿液的方式来进行交流。
Sometimes they killed the women folk.
He placed it at number ten on his list.
Mr Thomas J Barratt, "The father of modern advertising".
It notably won all 11 Academy Awards it got nominated for, including Best Picture.
As they leave, the roller coaster goes off its tracks and kills the remaining passengers, including Carrie and Jason.
These concepts are related to Shiva Vahana.
Ekran olarak J7 2016'dan farklı olarak HD çözünürlüklü Super AMOLED yerine FullHD çözünürlükte PLS TFT (Samsung'un IPS alternatifi teknolojisi) ekran kullanılmıştır, ekran boyutu J7 2016 ile aynıdır.
His companion from that expedition, Mary Reznik—whom he later married—was the first white woman to have penetrated that deeply into the Brazilian jungle.
People who died in the 650s.
The cadmium is condensed and used.
He made over 100 appearances, winning the Belgian Second Division in 2009.
，韓國為主辦國，由韓國奧林匹克委員會代表。
Hill was married to Harry Leher.
The stadium holds 5,000 people.
In this on-line site are published the names of 149 camps and 814 subcamps, organized by country.
The line would begin at Heathrow Terminal 5 and run, via a tunnel, to a junction east of Langley station.
他是威廉·扎瑞克的兒子，寇特妮的同學，喜歡變魔術。
As a child, Smith liked tap dancing.
Some critics have said that the song is directed towards Dr. Luke, Kesha's former producer and former owner of Kemosabe Records.
It includes parts of the backbone and the ribs, meaning the turtle cannot crawl out of its shell.
Scientists do not know what the tadpoles eat.
In the space above the cornice, there is a sculpture of the Doge Francesco Foscari kneeling before the St. Mark's Lion.
往St Werburgh's Road站一段於2011年7月7日開通。
小阿爾克謝·蓋爾曼的父親為蘇聯電影工作者main，母親為編劇，祖父則為作家main。
In October 18, 2000.
Recent excavations in 2006 have indicated that there were, in fact, at least five standing stones on the site, arranged in a "cove".
The temperature in Wayne is usually between 50 to 90 degrees Fahrenheit.
In the semi-final against Pakistan, he batted with tailenders to score an unbeaten 36, a significant contribution to India's final tally of 260. He also took Younis Khan's catch off of Yuvraj's bowling.
後來，他與友人先到俄羅斯做買賣，其後為求有更多收入，轉到蒙古進行買賣。
科普相當多產，提出超過1400份科學论文，這個紀錄保持到今日。
They were known for singing the songs, "Tie a Yellow Ribbon Round the Ole Oak Tree", "Knock Three Times", and "He Don't Love You (Like I Love You)".
The whole installation scheme was completed in October 2005.
民众要求选举出代议政府和一个统一的德意志，而德意志各邦国的统治者则由于恐惧而不得不承认改革的要求。
Ayrıca LDH, Karen ve Shuuka Fujii kız kardeşlerden oluşan E-girls yan projesi ShuuKaRen'in ilk çıkışını doğruladı.
This option was no longer available with the installers for later versions of Internet Explorer but was not removed from the system if already installed.
It smells like leather or apricot.
The years of Kameyama's reign cover more than one era name.
Fans who buy a CD single of the group can get a ticket to the handshake event, and get the chance to meet a member and shake her hand for ten seconds.
Random House, New York, p. 117. Administrative districts are usually larger than neighbourhoods.
Another Azuki beans has many origins.
The Company's main aim was not to rule India, but to to increase their revenue resources and expand trade throughout the country.
Body size of herbivores is a key reason underlying the interaction between herbivores and plant diversity, and the body size explains many of the phenomena connected to herbivore-plant interaction.
天啟時，由南京驗封郎中，出為福建副使，遂遭璫禍。
This vapor is very irritating, although colorful.
In 1997 the band released Savage Garden.
Several different explanations exist for the original name.
For the processing of titanium, India's first Titanium Sponge Plant in India (TSP) was developed by KMML ( Kerala Minerals and metals Ltd) here, inaugurated in 2011 by the then Defence Minister of India, A. K. Antony.
Ben murdered Sarah in the hotel room that Julie is staying in when he found out about her affair and her plans to leave him with their children.
This order was created to honor the independence of Brazil and the coronation of Pedro I. White, William.
The number of passengers using Busan subway is about 263,574,000 a year (2009. It means that average 722,000 people use Busan subway everyday.
However it is generally seen as a descriptive term, indicating that the kingdoms were freely united rather than through conquest.
冈崎慎司也成为了英超历史上第7名日本球员 （英文） citation 。
Lorelei Shellis until shortly before his death.
On most cars, it is possible to electrically connect the switch contacts on the ignition lock to start the car without a key, completely bypassing the mechanical lock.
Sawadogo and his family members each get one tenth of convert out of the plot, and don't get any other payment.
Hundreds of planes attacked Allied airfields, destroying or severely damaging some 465 aircraft.
The bones of the leg were much stockier (despite being longer), implying a more robust animal.
。1942年4月18日，参加杜立德空袭返航的2架美军轰炸机坠落在象山附近海面，部分飞行员被民众救起 citation 。
Girls also held weaving and needlework competitions to see who had the best hands and the brightest mind, both important to being a good wife and mother in ancient China.
They got their name from the cups they were baked in. The name "fairy cake" is a description of its size.
This article is about the US number-one songs chart held during the 1940s.
It is a chain that has people for its links.
In January 2008, they updated the Raw set to a new HD set and the ring aprons were now red and silver instead of black.
He then played a positive role in Sony India serial Main Naa Bhoolungi as Neeraj and a negative role in Colors serial Madhubala - Ek Ishq Ek Junoon with his character name Sultan.
Gelişmiş alanların iki metreye kadar derinliklerde, birkaç on metreden yüz metreye kadar uzunluklarda olabilir.
在伊朗，据国际人权联盟及“Justice for Iran”的研究报告显示，在2010年到2020年的十年中，至少出现了355起在电视上强迫认罪的案例。
Later on in his career he came to embrace the Pre-Raphaelite style of painting despite the fact that it had gone out of fashion in the British art scene several decades before.
The couple have two children: a son, David, and a daughter, Camilla.
由洛伦兹引入的“局部时”在当时并没有得到科学界的重视。
Romalılara teslim olmak istemeyen Masada'daki 960 Yahudi intihar etmiştir.
Local firms are able to take capital out of the country in order to expand globally.
Dollar amounts were $100-$500 in the Jeopardy! round and $200-$1000 in the Double Jeopardy! round.
They cannot mix other panda groups.
They only bite when they feel threatened.
In his era, Japan starts to make a Chinese style law system (Ritsuryo).
Doing this will help prevent the quickdraw from twisting the gate into the wall.
，史壯飾演電影《main》中的迪安·馬丁。
Allee Willis (born Alta Sherral Willis, November 10, 1947 – December 24, 2019) was an American songwriter and director.
Between 1995 and 2001 she worked as a translator.
Journal Sentinel Inc.
Fungi are a source of tinder (easily combustible material to light fires), medicines, food, and entheogens (a psychoactive substance).
Su ise Madur Dağı'nın eteklerinden gelir ve içilebilir doğal kaynak suyudur, ayrıca çeşmelerde mevcuttur.
The war memorial complex has the tallest sword statue of the world.
Otto Lessing yeni salondaki altı heykeli tasarladı.
There are no documents from that time about him or his family.
然而，意想不到的未來正在前方等著她們.
A1 is the name of a major road in some countries.
Sometimes there are also subfamilies and superfamilies.
It is sometimes also known by the first bit of the song, Achhimŭn pinnara (아침은 빛나라), meaning Let Morning Shine.
No characters or plots often repeat.
King Darius III was killed in the mountains near the city, about 330 BC.
The Sky Interior has more headroom and LED mood lighting.
Cadik Danon, "The smell of human flesh".
Guttenberg died on 15 June 2018 at the age of 71.
A bridge connects Miyako Island to Ikema Island.
Between 1941 and 1957, he won the World Straight Pool Championship 15 times--more than any other player.
In October 2019, Gabbard announced her retirement from congress.
Pechino Express is the Italian TV version of the reality show Peking Express created by Ludo Poppe.
People who withdrew from society during school refusal is often referred to as futōkō (不登校).
In 1972, Din Tai Fung started selling xiaolongbao and soon began to expand.
Each then created governments supporting their own ideologies, Marxist–Leninist Single Party State (North) and Democratic Capitalist State (South).
This meant operas with stories that felt like real life.
Although a mild financial success, the movie did not reach the popularity of the first, receiving generally negative responses from critics.
On a dark moonless night an eerie cackling can be heard across the island as 7,000 pairs of Manx shearwaters, 3.5 per cent of the British population, come ashore to lay and incubate their eggs in abandoned rabbit warrens or newly dug burrows.
由於中橫公路工程艱鉅，時有傷亡，當時的台灣省公路局為了告慰英靈，於是在1958年，擇定公路對岸的湧泉水瀑上方築祠。
Traditional life ends in chaos and crime.
This diagram compares the wide dispersion of the Pasiphaë group (red) with the more compact Ananke (blue) and Carme (green) groups.
然后用“两过水”喷洒绸缎，用葵叶扫把绸面上的汁液扫干，这个工序称为“洒莨水”。
Yavrular çoğunlukla ilk seneyi atlatamaz ve ölür.
It continued with Japanese victories in Manchuria and elsewhere.
這類遊仙詩可說是娼妓文學 : 84-89 。
佛湖（Lake Buddha），
Kaskinen was established in 1785.
If the total damage exceeds the stipulated maximum sum of €2.55 billion, the German Federal Government pays the German Nuclear Reactor Insurance Association for the excess losses.
The average house price is over £1m.
The church has about 162,000 members (as of 2007).
在兴建地下停车场时发现了旨在捍卫城门或城堡的碉堡。
The dead included around 1,100 members of the British security forces, and about 640 civilians.
Before she died, she talked to the Isley Brothers about working together, having recorded one of their songs when she was younger during her tenure with Jive Records citation and was signed to appear in more movies.
She competed at the 1948 and 1952 Olympics.
Uruguay is divided into 19 different Departments.
Udit Narayan himself clarified that during the middle of 1950s Heavy rainfalls brought flood in Koshi river in Bhardaha,Nepal.
Also, he does not like British people.
The union was heavily influenced by Owenite socialism.
When the word Zulu has a prefix that is not "isi-", it means a lot of different things.
After three terms in the New York State Senate, she was the first woman to be elected as President of the New York City Council, a position she held until her unsuccessful bid for Mayor of New York in 1985.
So if warm air with lots of water inside cools, it can form a cloud.
He won a small victory there (Battle of New Ross) before returning to Dublin.
，并在此休憩，他放下担子，担子一头就成了汤山，另一头就成了禹山。
但由於每個經營業者只管理屬於自己的那一部分線路，該系統是作為鐵路網的集合而不是單一單位來管理的，許多經營業者正在進行升級和擴展。4000萬名乘客（通過車門而不只是停留在月臺）每天都在使用鐵路系統（每年146億人次），捷運占這個比例的22%，每天有866萬名乘客使用。 citation 普遍的無縫、
王后Lalit Tripura Sundari希望在这第一座塔的旁边为她自己再兴建一座，即达拉哈拉。
They are eventually cornered in the command bridge by Imperial elite troopers when a single X-Wing starfighter shows up.
Köyün adı, 1865 yılı kayıtlarında Veylas ya da Vîlas, 1916 yılı kayıtlarında ise Vahlis olarak geçmektedir.
至於東京事變在此次的作品中，除了刄田綴色因骨折休養以外，其他團員皆參與了專輯的製作 citation 。
Another way of putting it is a person's second great-grandparent is a grandparent's grandparent.
结果黄明志气得在他的个人Facebook专页拍了影片，想要求投票的计票员解决这个问题。 citation 过后再上传另一个影片，那个影片里面，黄明志当时在车上，还用马来文怒骂，还说：“你要报警，我不会吗？”
Founder and chancellor Rev. Seung-moo Ha of the KPTS leads the school.
He was awarded the Nobel Prize when he was 31 years old.
This is fixed in the Klein Sexual Orientation Grid.
In December 1999 NCW merged with NWA Georgia to form NWA Wildside under the ownership of Bill Behrens.
，並在1954年成為AFC創始成員之一。
It is rich source of protein without high calorie or fat/cholesterol intake.
The weather is rainy and misty in these mountain forests.
The microwaves of microwave ovens can heat foods containing polar molecules, such as water, as polar molecules are prone to the vibration effect caused by the microwaves.
Aksaray'a 55 Ortaköy'e 17 km uzaklıktadır.
The Hang is sometimes called hang drum, but the people who made the hang think that this is wrong and that people should not call it that.
String theory is usually solved through conformal field theory, a quantum field theory on 2D space.
在本作发行前发表的所有抒情曲目中选择之后、
，并且能够进行相互认证，即客户端和服务器端均可对对方进行身份认证。
》Wii U移植版）和加拿大Snowed In Studios联合制作 。
Ramesh, believes him and starts to avoid Bijua, telling him that he now knows his true colours.
SOS has also sometimes been used as a visual distress signal, consisting of three-short/three-long/three-short light flashes, or with "SOS" spelled out in individual letters, for example, stamped in a snowbank or formed out of logs on a beach.
The characters were revived in the 1980s and 1990s, with the voices being performed by Ross Bagdasarian, Jr. and his wife Janice Karman.
例如，佛蒙特州的决议表述：“佛蒙特州的州大议会高度反对弗吉尼亚州的大议会决议，因为该决议在性质上违宪，并且其举动带有危险趋势。”
最终1、2、3、9号线列车服务在2002年9月15日恢复正常，但科特兰街车站被关闭，以配合世界贸易中心的重建工作。
宣傳傳播在廣播領域裡被廣泛使用。
Hurricane Boris was the second consecutive storm to approach close to Mexico.
Zubair was a member of the Regional People's Representative Council (DPRD) of Rembang Regency from 1971 to 1978.
英軍擅長在開放地帶作戰，他們占據了一個具體位置不明的地點，一般認為應該是在帕提一個小村落的附近。
Religious Taoism says that Laozi did not disappear after writing the Daodejing but spent his whole life traveling and revealing the Dao to others.
People know him as a very independent and strong man.
Elektronlar arası bir çekim gücü olabileceği gözlendi.
Tsing Hua University was opened in Beijing, China in 1911 on the site of a former royal garden belonging to a prince.
She joined the Theosophical Society, a religious movement founded in 1875 and based on ideas of karma and reincarnation.
Kütüphanenin okuma salonları toplam 15.250 metre karedir ve Merkez Kütüphanesi 1.000 kişilik okuyucu kapasitesine sahiptir.
The only question asked was whether Robinson would beat Currie and come second.
The Burney children did not like their stepmother.
One sight of the place is the medieval Lärbro Church.
They turn purple when they are adults.
'lık ünite ile hizmet vermektedir.
Vulcan by Eduardo Paolozzi (1999) in the Scottish National Gallery Of Modern Art.
La Araucana, said to be the greatest Spanish historical poem.
Cases have been filed against his wife Pratibha Singh, son Vikramaditya and daughter Aparajita as well.
容易看出，K是可去的当且仅当 。
为今日之计，求其积少成多、众擎易举，无逾加派一策。”
Saldırılar sırasında, Pentagon'da yenileme çalışmaları sürüyordu ve birçok ofis boştu.
It is made of 18 carat gold and stands 36.8 centimeters high and weighs 6.1 kilograms.
Conditions on early Mars: constraints from the cratering record.
圆筒另一端凸起部分用来存放燃料箱和推进装置，两块方形太阳能电池像翅膀般从圆柱体两侧伸出，一具convert的无线电碟形天线也连接在圆筒的侧面。
Michèle Dionne had been considerate as a big part of his career, she has supported and has influenced many of his choices while he was in politics.
After its discovery, the "new" element was named ununquadium.
南唐驾部员外郎朱元利用奏报政事论述用兵策略，南唐主认为他有才能，命他统领军队收复长江以北各州。
She represented the seat of Kingsley.
Ayrıca yönetiminin yaşayabilmesi için desteğini aradığı, ılımlı liberallerden aşırı gericilere kadar uzanan bir yelpaze içindeki çeşitli eğilimleri tartıp dengelemede belirgin bir siyasi beceri gösterdi.
，分为上海段48公里，浙江段103公里。
The US had to send more soldiers.
Memphis (now a member of The American) has been the most successful men's basketball team in the conference, reaching the national championship game in 2008.
Requests and instructions are other types of communication which depend on meaning.
Aluminium production has its own problems to the environment on each step of the production process.
They do not necessarily have anything to do with underwater diving.
The game continues, the lines of blocks that is not completely filled will drop down as many lines that were cleared.
One kW·h is equivalent to 3,600,000 J (3600 kJ or 3.6 MJ).
Doctors can give medicine to treat an STD.
相比之下，黄崇英领导下的黄旗军则未能成功获得任何程度的合法性并被越军、黑旗军及清军的组合所追捕。
Brasília became the federal capital on April 21, 1960.
File:Hunt Light of the World.
During his college career, Stover made 64 of 88 field goal attempts.
Cleland 44 Native Americans were an ever-present danger.
Kepi of different colors, but most were grey and blue.
Usually, it is only the act of sexual intercourse that is considered sinful and not natural.
Guillermo Mordillo (4 August 1932 – 30 June 2019), known simply as Mordillo, was an Argentine cartoonist and animator.
Ronald Arthur Sarasin (born December 31, 1934) is an American politician.
He was also a part-
我等得光明便見色，彼見色光明尋復滅。
Fanned by strong, gusty winds and fueled by hot, dry terrains, many of the fires exploded and coalesced into record-breaking, fire cloud producing, citation megafires, citation burning more than convert of land.
橢圓星系的尺度比任何其他種類的星系都更為寬廣。
韋小寶不識字，對歷史認識全部來自戲曲。
The mayor, John Drury, was killed in this raid.
勘测者4号和勘测者6号任务着陆点。
It can also make amendments to the Bill.
There were 991 women for every 1000 men.
The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray.
The fifth and final layer is a second carbon sheet which makes the entire shield rigid enough for spaceflight.
His passion for science came from his lifelong love of horses.
Ardından Mikšas mali olarak borçlandı ve artık gazeteyi destekleyemedi.
该地2001年总人口89438人，其中男性43195人，女性46243人；0—6岁人口10765人，其中男5550人，女5215人；识字率62.
It has an area of convert, the 11th largest in the country.
Many Irish people were forced to leave their land because they could not pay rent to the landlords.
Kate and Sawyer jump into the sea and swim to the sailboat at anchor.
Ilk kontrollerden biri olan 2-adimli akiskan kontrolü Banu Musa kardesler tarafından geliştirilmistir.
Whistles are very old instruments.
For the maintenance of discipline among the police personnel in the CHT, Frontier Police Regulation III of 1881 was promulgated on the 7 December 1881 and CHT Police Force was raised with indigenous Jumma people.
Silver, thinking that Jim has the map, targets to kill him, but hesitates; Amelia ends up being wounded when the fugitives are shot down in the escape.
Bazen de, avantajlar farklı yollar boyunca devam edebilir.
诏令郡国贡举贤才，由于选令过于苛刻，竟造成各郡未荐一人。
Organs there were built on the Werkprinzip (literally: work principle) which meant that each keyboard with its pipes was built separately, like two or three different organs, although they were played from the same console.
California Government Code Sections 34502 and 56722.
Collines is divided into the communes of Bantè, Dassa-Zoumè, Glazoué, Ouèssè, Savalou, and Savé.
In American style, commas and periods almost always go inside closing quotation marks.
In the past, Iraq used chemical weapons to kill people.
This new Investment Bank is the result of the spin-off of the two former Investment Banks of both groups : Banque Populaire's Natexis and Caisse d'Epargne's IXIS Corporate and Investment Bank.
After Brian Epstein died, the Beatles had not sought a new manager.
In the 1950's, he starred in some interesting western movie as The San Francisco Story (1952), Border River (1954), and the Classic Wichita (1955), by Jacques Tourneur, The Gunfight at Dodge City (1959), as Bat Masterson.
In structures with more than one floor, the term spandrel can also mean the space between the top of the window in one floor and the threshold of the window in the floor above.
She was a member of the Hungarian women's national water polo team.
They are the parents of three adult children.
此墓園於嘉慶二十四年（1819年）開始動工，相傳墓址原是邱良功外祖父故宅，
Wellington, Hubert, The Journal of Eugène Delacroix, introduction, page xiv.
Double Negative (also known as Deadly Companion) is a 1980 Canadian thriller movie directed by George Bloomfield and based on the novel by Ross Macdonald.
Guadalquivir starts in the Glen of the Sources in the mountains near Cazorla (Jaen province) and ends in Sanlucar de Barrameda (Cadiz province).
In Navajo, new words are created by putting prefixes in front of other words.
它们的和的累积量是各自的累积量的和。
"Super Bass" finished as the eighth-best performing song of 2011 in the United States.
Bittiğinde yine gelir ve kişi ile nefsi arasına sokulur, Filân şeyi hatırla, filân şeyi hatırla diyerek, namazdan önce aklında olmayan şeyleri hatırlatır.
On 25 July, the Union of Polish Patriots made a radio broadcast from Moscow.
Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 13.04%.
Bu sadrazamların ilk yedisinin seçimlerinde İslam peygamberi ile adaş olmalarından uğur beklemekteydi.
The player controls Mort as he explores his world.
One of the simplest Gödel numbering schemes is used every day: The correspondence between integers and their representations as strings of symbols.
It was opened in 2001 by Renan Hartman.
為了应对外来戲劇的競争和适应形勢，臺灣电視劇在編劇選材和拍攝包装等各方面开始積極求变，并嘗試拍攝武侠劇。
；申请国还必须承认欧盟已经存在的法律，并得到已经存在的成员国同意。
It was only shortly before the Japanese surrender, the Japanese forces hastily destroyed the Shinto Shrine, on fears that returning British forces will demolish it in an bad manner.
The addition of Tropic Air extending flights to Maya Flats, has increased the interest and visitors to Benque.
与FH十分相似的疾病sitosterolemia，特征也为脂肪在组织中堆积，其原因是ABCG5和ABCG8的突变。
Another aspect for inspiration, at least on my side of things, would definitely be the Joker.
The Japanese edition featured two bonus tracks; "Keep Your Hands Off My Girl (Broken Spindles Remix)" and "Face the Strange".
磐手、八云两舰继续递近射击，18:07乌沙科夫海军上将号升起浓烈的煤烟，从舰艉开始下沉，18:10右倾沉没。
Until he stops zooming, the player's moving speed is additionally decreased.
Eğer bir uzay aracı 542 Astronomik Birim’i geçerse, merceğin başarısı ve görüntü oluşturma yeteneği daha ilerilere gittikçe gelişerek devam edecek.
All information is data.
He was previously a litigation partner with the law firm King & Spalding.
It began when Selena began to hum a melody in the tour bus.
It is not an official language but is spoken by about half a million people.
Sharon Marsh is Stan and Shelly Marsh's mother, as well as Randy Marsh's wife.
Stephanie ise, maç sırasında ringe gelen Trish'den kaçmıştı ve babasını yalnız bıraktı.
他酷爱艺术、支持文化事业、与瓦格纳是至交、
İsrail’e Geri Dönüş Kanunu’yla dönen Yahudiler, varışlarından sonraki ilk üç ayda, otomatik olarak İsrail vatandaşlığı alırlar.
These regions were the first newly industrialized countries.
Two of her daughters have died.
He was also a member of the Connecticut State Senate from 1958 to 1967.
Chapter 7 of Handbook of Japanese Phonetics and Phonology.
He also demanded Toho for daily struggle costs, but did not receive a success fee.
", which spent 22 weeks at number one.
British, Chinese, Indian, Malay, Tamil, and Indonesian styles of cooking all mix together.
Sometimes, this force is inside themselves, it is internal.
Oturum sırasında olumsuz etkileyeceğine dikkat çekti.
It had four short legs, and a short, flattened tail.
They create their art from their own inner experience, not caring or knowing what other artists maybe doing.
The citation module code looks for multiple comma or semicolon separator characters.
The ranking coincides better with the observed complexity of behaviour.
落馬洲河套區部分設施預計於2020年起運作。
He played 38 games for Japan until 2003.
Puppeteers usually control the muppet with one hand in the head and the other hand controls the muppets arms.
辛亥革命后，歸鄉，擔任邢臺商務會會長。
原本與旺里交流後對其抱有好感，伊佐木死後自己也面臨死亡與再度屍化的危險－雖然貞比呂提議在他的仲介之下可以由旺里繼承契約，但是最後瑠翁依然決定拒絕並自願被遠岡明加以處分。
He is optimistic about his progress.
Several composers were inspired by it and wrote similar works.
This constitutive theory was developed in the 19th century to describe what is and is not a state.
The arrondissement of La Châtre is in the southeast of the Indre department.
The throne passed to his brother Aed, as his son was considered too young to be king as he was only around 10 at the time.
女王要求柯南和马拉克沿途保护她的侄女简娜公主（Jenna，奥利薇亚·阿波饰）前去寻找一种特别的宝石，这种宝石的神秘力量可以用来唤醒一个神。
As the wife of Tri-song-day-tsen and the consort of Padmasambhava, given to him at her request by the king, she also stands historically at the beginning of Buddhism's eclipse of Bön in Tibet.
Austin was married for 59 years to Dr. James Murdoch Austin.
The Italians also settled in agricultural areas around the capital, such as Jowhar and Janale (Genale).
Hawaiian also flies to more distant locations, such as the U.S. mainland, Japan, Korea, and Australia.
'ne göre saat 5.30'da (
Grupların üçüne, kelime başına iki saniyelik bir sunum oranıyla on, on beş ve yirmi kelimelik listeler gösterildi.
After the Enterprise group had a short rest at Pearl Harbor, they left on 11 January.
Hydrophytes are the plants which live completely or partially submerged in fresh water.
重要的是，相比根治性前列腺切除术，近距离治疗导致勃起功能障碍的风险要低。
Is the person's smile uneven?
Bir kaşık suya mı kaldılar?
Grant County is very republican.
They use it when the environment lacks anything firm to push against, such as a slick mud flat, or a sand dune.
İsimdeki "Piper" yani kavalcı yunan mitolojisinde bir tanrı olan "
，本來無情的心態有微妙的變化，感覺自己變得天真起來；同樣第30話，
以后又提出必须改革宗教中的压迫剥削制度，
，並於3月27日於上海舉行的發佈會首演。
Exeter first allowed women to enroll in 1979.
日本桥是东海道往东京方向必由之路，作为最古老的渡桥之一，它有着它重要的意义。
The new heart is taken from a dead person who does not need it any more.
The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle According to the Several Original Authorities, ed. & trans.
The main programs of the Seminary's non-degree courses of Master of Divinity equivalent (M.Div., Equiv, M.Div., Equiv. in Missiology Language.) are open.
No one was convicted of his murder.
TNM stands for "Tokyo National Museum".
This owl prefers to hunt along the edges of woods.
The song was released on February 19, 1991.
The name of this zone is related to the historic King Janak and his capital Janakpur.
In the case of the arrondissement of Niort, all its cantons have their communes within the arrondissement.
另外一个宿舍是“阿特沃特庄”（建于1774年），位于今日校园的中心。
Some sects broke away from the Tây Ninh Holy See.
Inuit means more than one, one person is an "Inuk".
In Australia, Beyond Home Entertainment has released all 9 seasons on DVD.
The average weight for young ones is 5.9 kg (4.9–6.6) in males and 5.4 kg (4.8–5.9) in females.
It makes unique visual effects, but because of the meticulousness the technique requires and its time-consuming side, it has been and always remains very rarely used.
In 2000, Bowyer won the Modified Championship at Thunderhill Speedway in Mayetta, Kansas.
Ashford Black Marble can be manufactured into pots, candlesticks and other similar objects, or sawn to make smooth, flat items such as obelisks and paper weights.
'e gönderen havza arasında bir sınır teşkil eder.
They will get the real value of their time, energy, and money they spend as students.
降雨引起山体滑坡，导致公共汽车和火车延误，许多轮渡和航班因此取消，除此以外该国还遭受了程度较轻的农业损失 citation 。
Weaver was married to Jane Johnston for fourteen years unti they divorced.
For process engineering, several things are important: increasing the surface area of the solid; making the solid have wanted grain size; and pulping the material to the desired state (squishing it).
Unlike radio newscasts, radio news magazines often run between thirty minutes and several hours.
Agra Fort and Fatehpur sikri are some other noteworthy places of interest.
He died later in the same year (636).
某一天晚上，三体世界遭到光粒打击，三体行星坠入一颗恒星，三体世界灭亡。
The program spread across the South.
It forced the election to happen.
Powell, A. (1988) Far Country: A Short History of the Northern Territory, Melbourne University Press, Carlton.
Idiopathic means that doctors cannot find a cause for a person's ataxia.
In 1997 he was the main presenter for the KRO television program De Nieuwsgier.
It can also be used in a narrower sense, referring only to traditional counties ending in "shire".
He never sent it to anyone.
But when a son or daughter entered the Church a gift of land or money would be given at that time.
The Trial of the Templars, 2nd edition, Cambridge University Press, 2006.
These are proteins that stick to a cell and tell other WBCs to kill it.
但是因為內容很繁瑣，也有車站省略介紹「湘南新宿線」與「直通路線名」。
She weighed 309 pounds, and stood 34 inches tall.
兩項大型研究 citation citation citation 〈射精頻率與前列腺癌的後繼風險〉 citation 及〈性頻密度與前列腺癌〉 citation 結論道，在一生中頻密地射精為前列腺癌的預防因素。
The movie was hit at the box office.
海蘭珠亦可被稱爲东大福晋、宸大福晉或东大福晋宸妃，
Teaching Mrs. Tingle was released on August 20, 1999.
By the 1930s, the word was used to refer to each broadcast of a radio program that was part of a series.
The myelin is like the insulator around the wire that keeps the signal strong by keeping it from moving out of the wire before the end.
Before Europeans came, the native peoples of the Americans practiced many different religions.
It also means that they have more people to rely on.
Blackburne also annotated a collection of his own games (explained the moves), Graham P.A. (ed) 1899.
Any other institution in the country cannot make laws that affect the monarch, unless the monarch decides to allow it.
甫入境，而杭民以行保甲故，亦亂。
Blum has been on the boards of directors of many companies.
On June 11, 2013, Kaine delivered a speech on the Senate floor in support of the bipartisan "Gang of Eight" immigration bill.
The main river of the province is the Nakhon Nayok River.
从林道开始的“阿尔卑斯山之路”，从西至东，横跨巴伐利亚山脉，跨越德国、瑞士及奥地利三国边界，
He lived in Tursk, near Sulęcin, in a care home. citation He died on 7 December 2013, aged 113.
In Jerusalem Melisende became officially the heiress of the kingdom.
，破壞毛細管壁並使它們變"漏"(leaky)。
Bricks by hand (pressure) is seven thousand years old, Tehran capital of 220 years, with older homes and historic traditional identity both modern and traditional building are made of traditional bricks.
The circus workers had cut down part of a fence so they could lead the elephants across the track.
In 2013, al-Drees got a prison sentence of 20 months for her political comments on Twitter.
A man who often has problems having or keeping an erection of his penis is said to have erectile dysfunction.
An advertisement regarding the movie which was in the San Diego Union-Tribute was taken out because the word "lesbian" was shown on the movie poster.
The first thing he had to do was to rebuild the orchestra.
One of the mirrors, however, only partially reflects the light, allowing some to escape.
The journalist wrote many articles in the fields of culture, art and life.
He had a lot of work done to his teeth that was probably done outside the United States.
Players may "Check", or bet nothing, if no player before them in the turn has bet; this is only possible in a game where antes are used.
The colony was one of the first towns started in Dakota County, and the first group of Catholic people to start a town together in Nebraska.
Status Quo famously opened the Live Aid concert in 1985 with 'Rocking All Over the World' - the then largest live television broadcast ever.
The cartel eventually controlled over $150 million in contracts from the New York City Housing Authority (NYCHA).
By the 19th century attitudes had changed.
A single from the album, "(Just Like) Starting Over", was a hit, and people welcomed Lennon back.
Pakistan shall be a federal lslamic state, so residuary powers shall rest with provinces not the central government.
On June 30, 2008 the video was premiered on MTV Latin America.
The two side stories were published during the main story's release, each new chapter released every few months.
His infantry unit went behind enemy lines to attack the Russians.
Barbara Pec-Ślesicka (24 August 1936 6 July 2020) was a Polish movie producer and production manager.
It was named after W. C. Edwards, of Hutchinson, a pioneer settler, who played an active role in its creation.
The song was written and produced by Harris.
Although it retained most of its armor, there were not enough infantry units because of the defensive needs in the East.
He is most notable for the role of PFC William G. Kirby on the 1960s TV show Combat!
The China Quarterly.
They did this so these family members could not give food or help to the Boer fighters.
It was founded in 2004.
，只有在該廟及僧皇廟（Wat Bowon）才能找到。
Snipes make a sound called "winnowing" or "drumming" with their tail feathers when flying.
The earliest occurrences of the name are in documents of 969 and 1049 AD.
由于文笔脱俗，林清玄在30岁之前，幾乎就獲得台灣大小文艺或文学奖项，包含：
They have released many singles.
By 1964, the Beatles were worldwide stars and led the "
当微博用户以“中国北方人（内地人）”身份，表达反对中国内地对运动进行武力镇压的网络舆论观点，以及“出征”時，引起大量用户质疑。
It stars John Gilbert as James Apperson and Renée Adorée as Melisande.
Her second album, Fantasea II: The Second Wave is going to be released July 2013.
She also told that Shooting at the beaches, forts, and mountains was also full of fun and enjoyment and a great work experience with learnings.
They have two pairs of narrow, fringed wings, although some are wingless.
This raised tensions between the two as Mysterio prevented him from winning a Money in the Bank qualifying match which then lead to Punk interrupting Mysterio's celebration of his daughter's ninth birthday and singing his own version of "
胞管腎綱有許多共同的特徵，包括具有main，也就是一對在後方兩側之處的感覺器官，這也成為分類的基礎。
No maps showing the location of the fabled gold reef were ever found.
Until this time the cleaning is done in normal temperature, the solvent is never heated in dry cleaning process.
Office of the Press Secretary.
本科考生还必须拥有在中国大陆地区承认的专科或以上学历并通过论文答辩后才可毕业，如果是外语专业本科（如：英语、日语专业）考生，必须使用所学专业的外语撰写毕业论文。
The album was very successful and it was the second best-seller album of the year.
Since it repeats, this code will turn the LED on and off again and again.
Preferably indexes are added, removing the article from this category.
The Blues Brothers end up in a Country & Western club, Bob's Country Bunker.
"Part of the reason Toro might feel so nostalgic for Kearny and Belleville, where he and his band mates grew up, is they have been home for a total of about four weeks since releasing their major label debut, Three Cheers for Sweet Revenge, in June 2004."
该中心内设有直升机停机坪、车库、军官住宿设施（位于该中心东南角，6层高）、
，然后被融合成为大洋国的一个部分。
He was inducted into the Chicago Sports Hall of Fame in September 1999.
Other laws discriminated against non-whites, but were not as bad as the apartheid laws that would come within the next 50 years.
Dev kılıcı dışında bıçak ve kılış gibi birçok silahı kullanma konusunda ustadır, ateşli silahların mekanizmaları hakkında bilgi sahibidir ve aynı zamanda mükemmel bir binicidir.
Will is winning when Layla bursts in, distracting Will.
All aspects of this situation have been the subject of research.
但兩人隨後被貝拉密先刺住腳根，防止兩人前後包抄，再以徒手扳開雙顎折腰敗北。
This is for people who have trouble with that subject.
The conspirators were tried on 27 January 1606 in Westminster Hall.
The next day, hundreds of people called the BBC to see if spaghetti trees were real and how to grow them.
He is best known for his role as Ralphie Parker in the 1983 movie A Christmas Story, Jack Simmons in The Dirt Bike Kid, Billy in Death Valley, and as Messy Marvin in the Hershey's chocolate syrup commercials during the 1980s.
That group, usually written Γ in the theory and with multiplicative notation, can be found as a subgroup of Galois groups of infinite field extensions (which are by their nature pro-finite groups).
In computing, a platform can mean something which is used as a base from which you make things.
In 851 there were three large raids in southern England.
Braeden is married to Dale Russell Gudegast since 1966 and have two children together.
教養弟弟的責任就落在摩里斯身上。
Except for infant formula and some baby foods, product dating is not required by federal regulations.
The hurricane affected about six countries.
He said Fugitive Days tried to answer the questions of Kathy Boudin's son and his statement that Diana Oughton died trying to stop the Greenwich Village bomb makers.
，因而也具有公共圖書館的性質 Qatar National Library.
Because of the unclear situation, participants looked at what others were doing.
These aircrafts are used in several countries'
Michael played the part of Coco the Clown in America.
It does not take non-human bodies.
On 10 January 2015 he celebrated his 40 years coronation anniversary, citation and 8 February 2020, he celebrated his 45 years coronation anniversary.
He later took a lecturer position at the University of Malaya.
Although he was not selected Japan after 1980 Summer Olympics qualification, he was selected in 1984 and played at 1984 Summer Olympics qualification.
The colors and patterns of butterflies are made by tiny scales.
太宗文皇帝實錄 卷二百五十八 永樂二十一年 四月 十八日 永樂二十二年正月，遣使進貢馬匹。
Padraic wrote 61 books in his life.
Another material, commonly called "
After a small number of Prussian people moved there to live, Germans came to live there too.
影評網站「ReelViews」的main給了這部電影4顆星中的2.5顆，並認為電影中許多更改原始故事線的想法「說的比做的來得好」；此外，他認為電影故事多次地重複使他感到單調乏味，且讓整部電影「陷入無趣之中」。
她于1987年1月18日在都柏林郡的疗养院去世，被埋葬在main 。
ZIP code sign from 1963.
A giant normally has far better weapons and abilities than their normal counterparts.
The movie tells the story of the children of villains Maleficent (
He is venerated as a saint in the Catholic Church and the Anglican Communion.
Ekim 1615'te Luarsab, ülkesinin tamamen yok edilmekten kurtarmak için teslim oldu.
Meat that is cooked less will appear to be more tender and soft.
The red line shows the route of the van.
The musical song score is by Robert and Richard Sherman.
该市镇总面积2.37平方公里，2009年时的人口为20人。
、Casavatore、San Giorgio a Cremano、Melito di Napoli、
他們在今芎林市街廣福宮附近建立公館，進行招佃。
She has not cut her fingernails since 1979.
Dumbarton Castle, on top of Dumbarton Rock, dominates the area.
He represents the prominent 44th Ward of the city.
It is the court of last resort and it has more power than all other courts.
After that he got into study in a school of law.
January 25 became the "Day of Anger".
The submarine went on three patrols.
Updated as of November 2020. citation citation Most channels are still under test broadcast.
They said that it was "much more fun" than Wild Hope.
这项工程最终成果就是T-80B。
When the quantity of bits in a binary numbers is not a multiple of 4, it is padded with zeros to make it so.
Pulaski County was formed on December 15, 1818.
Work began on the shrine in 1915.
This position began as the head of the cabinet.
It had about 14,000 living there in January 2014.
A spin reversal itself can influence the spin of the electrons in neighbouring atoms.
At this competition, he debuted and played all matches.
The name 'guaraná' is derived from the Tupi-Guarani word wara'ná.
Adults usually play the game by betting money on the first piece, on capturing pieces, or on winning the game, to make gameplay more interesting.
Bradford believed in Clyfton’s words.
Special markers are used that can be erased.
To this day, he is the only Democrat ever elected to the Senate from Vermont.
They play most of their matches at the Camille Chamoun Sports City Stadium.
His wife and oldest son later replaced Layne in this role.
Ancak sadece hakem Bernd Stumpf ceza aldı.
The eleventh edition (1937) was edited by Christopher Morley (1890 1957) and Louella D. Everett.
田生春杀害（“美原事件” citation ），部队以许权中为旅长驻守潼关；魏野畴身份暴露后，越黄河到河南杨虎城部；刘含初也被井岳秀部下杨衮杀害 citation 。
It touches the blue curve at one point without crossing it.
The movie was made in the genre of animated movies.
Mist over the river.
He asked her whether she was well.
Her first book (Het malle ding van bobbistiek)SUBST), won her the Gouden Griffel.
K特急發車時則是使用『從出町柳』，但在2008年10月修改班次表之後，特急的設定遭到廢止，因此該音樂也被停用。
，提醒各學校校監及校長，在空氣污染指數偏高情況下應採取的措施 citation 。
From here, Numbuh 3 uses the fireflies not being held captive to burn the jar lids open.
Bova testified that the car lurched forward, causing his gun to go off and shoot Deadwyler at point blank range.
吴三桂怒，割掉他们的舌头杀了他们。
郁非的运行周期很长，约为二十年。
唐門的暗器上都淬有劇毒，一碰觸人體任何部位，就會在極短的時間內毒發身亡。
In May M.A. & Lumsdaine A.A. Learning from films.
National Parks are established in about 21% of the total land area of the prefecture.
Around Lamia there is a big plain, so Lamia is an agricultural city.
Once there, vocalist Chris Martin said that they became obsessed with recording.
Bumpass confirmed that reports of his death were untrue.
河滨加州大学的科研花费主要集中在农业科技方面，2002年，农业科技的研究费用占了总费用的百分之五十三。
，其中大多為英國著名專業服務公司——
After graduation, he studied an additional three years at the Harvard School of Dental Medicine with a degree in Prosthodontics.
It is the water source of the Han River.
He was 55. His son was arrested for the murder.
The director of John Carter is Andrew Stanton.
Cold War, Cool Medium: Television, McCarthyism, and American Culture.
Eşsiz büyüklükte olan rezervin keşfi Teksas'ta hızlı bölgesel gelişme sağladı.
Concord was first named Todos Santos.
最适宜的温度为白天21℃至29℃，夜晚13℃至16℃。
你们如果不努力，就会对你们自身有所惩罚！”
However, there has been some criticism.
He was married to Susan Robertson until his death in 2013.
There were several double bass players in his family, but he did not meet them.
It has dark spots on its breast.
Drljača recorded over four hundred songs including "Stari vuk" (Old Wolf), "Ne namiguj na me tuđa ženo" (Don't Wink at Me, Someone Else's Wife), and "Plači, mala, plači" (Cry, Baby, Cry).
Tom and Jerry Tales is an animated television series which began production in 2005.
Hitler is often considered to be the first national leader to advocate nonsmoking.
It joins Raffles Avenue and cut right after the Esplanade to the front of The Float at Marina Bay and return to the pit area via another temporary road around the Singapore Flyer.
However, not all silk kimono are formal kimono, and some types of silk, such as pongee (known as tsumugi) are only ever worn to casual occasions.
The tribe's headquarters are located at Crow Agency, Montana.
An assassin begins to target them later on.
Plutarch, Pompey'in hayatı, 48. Yaşlı fatihin, genç karısıyla vakit geçirmekten politikaya ilgisinin azalmaya başladığı yönünde bir dedikodu ortaya çıktı.
The passengers then decided to attack the hijackers and retake the aircraft.
From the first Dance Dance Revolution game up until DDR Extreme, the games had a partnership with Toshiba EMI, a record company which is now part of Virgin Records.
往後獨自扶養子女，守寡三十七年而終。
During this time, they had two sons.
He changes her into a spirit.
Then the beef and vegetables are picked directly from the pan by chopstick and eaten by dipping them into a small bowl containing raw egg.
A type specimen is only one of several possible kinds of type.
John Bailey, The Complete Guide to Fishing: The Fish, the Tackle, and the Techniques (Guilford, CT: Lyons Press, 2003), p. 110 In less than a couple of hours most beginners can learn the basic cast.
Different components of crude oil have different boiling points.
San Francisco was founded in 1776 by the Spanish conquerors.
The arena was also known as the Broward County Civic Arena in 1998, the National Car Rental Center from 1998 to 2002, Office Depot Center from 2002 to 2005, and BankAtlantic Center from 2005 to 2012.
他曾先後在琉球水產學校製造科、夏威夷火奴魯魯基督學校唸書，1933年擔任琉球水產試驗場技士。
But when a shark bites a human once, the human's friends come and help them out of the water.
There are over 80 playable characters across the series.
The main character in Wizard’s First Rule is Richard Cypher.
In Bad Mojo, insect scientist Roger Sams has stolen one million dollars.
The first of them was "Sirler Xezinesi".
The railway came to the town with the opening of the Geelong-Ballarat line in 1862, citation and a direct line to Melbourne finished in December 1889.
），年齡層越低，華語的使用率越高。
It is rare to get a trojan on your computer by merely visiting a website, though it can happen.
' method (from the word "vapor"), with the CBD is heated so it can be inhaled.
She had worked in mass production as a hospital seamstress, and could simplify her designs for the retail market.
这样，仿射链可以用整系数的线性组合表示。
Belize have the second largest living barrier reef in the world.
He belongs to the art group " FOSTER BROTHERS " together with two other artists - Andrey Efi and Eugeny Lindin.
As Dorothy leaves the school, Mr. Warbuton arrives.
Russian is taught and used commonly in Chukotka.
CART recognized the Indy 500 on its schedule, and awarded points for finishers in the race from 1980–1995 despite not sanctioning it.
He must also continue to battle the Eliminators, who have now acquired new technology, and he's forced to rely on people he thought he could not trust.
Kanın içindeki ağır olan hücreler dibe çökerken daha hafif olan plazma üstte kalır.
John of Fordun Chronicle of the Scottish Nation, ed. William F. Skene (Edinburgh: Edmonston and Douglas, 1872), p. 428 He was growing more and more angry with each victory of Robert the Bruce and his followers.
The mental status examination, MSE, is an important step in a "clinical assessment" of an individual.
The good restaurants and customized services are approved by 92.4% of those who leave the city, according the Secretariat of State for Tourism of Paraná.
The pedipalps on the male have much larger ends than the ones on females.
All of the Invasions were led by Maroon Beret commandos followed by Gendarme Commandos and then by Army Soldiers.
;5月27日-“保卫者之荣耀”
In the end, Merlin puts Hank in a magic sleep.
The first is the systolic pressure.
's run of six titles in-a-row in the quarter finals.
During the later part of his career, he became known for his television interviews with senior political figures.
可是在《天書》的第三部中，衛斯理翻查有關調查姬娜的文件時，卻提及「姬娜自那一年失蹤之後，她的母親曾盡了一切努力尋找」。
Carnosaurs are characterized by several features.
In 2012 IEEE Power and Energy Society General Meeting (pp. 1-7).
It is in the same building where Hijikata grew up.
When the leaves are drained of colour, spread them out on a flat surface.
They eat other tadpoles if food is nowhere to be found.
So he could not do solo guitar.
博罗夫斯克城位于普罗特瓦河两岸的山丘上，被森林环绕。
若 K 的值相當小時，可被簡化為：
Usually, when it talks about several events occurring, it assumes that if one event occurs, this does not change the probability of the other events occurring.
胡震亨（1569年－1645年），
May 1855 replaced their Lieutenant-Governors with Governors.
But when Raghuvaran proposed this idea to the courtiers, they threw him out.
The western building was renovated while the eastern building was destroyed.
The Art Nouveau style however, was one that Mucha attempted to distance himself from.
到了伦敦后，他受到了当地居民的热情欢迎。 citation 他会见了英国首相帕默斯顿子爵，以及当时在这座城市过着流亡生活的其他的革命者们。
In 2001 there were 223 people living in Marlesford.
She lived as an orphan, with Kree and Filli for company.
Knowing that if Fenrir was left unfettered, he would have grown strong enough to kill all the God's and destroy the world.
This included the trams, the power supply and the track.
The rest come from the lang.
Her father sold cars for a living.
大橋頭站共構地下道（重慶北路三段）
認為這會帶動狗購買潮以及棄養潮 。
In 2010 about 12,400 persons lived in this town.
Some mosques also do not allow wearing shoes in other parts, even though these may not be devoted to praying.
Mathews died of brain cancer at a hospice in Nashville.
An intermission or interval is a break in a performance.
A wreath of leaves or pine is often put on the front door of a house as a sign of welcome.
During his time in the House, Nergard was also a part-time real estate developer.
Rachel Straus, "New York City Ballet: Passages: ‘Oltremare’, ‘Valse Triste’, ‘An American in Paris’, ‘Russian Seasons’", Ballet.co Magazine, January 2008.
Endometriosis can be treated by a doctor.
Bu gün on dokuz yeni enfeksiyon vakası kaydedildi.
Wulff continued to be named as a possible CDU candidate for Chancellor, particularly if Chancellor Merkel failed to secure a decisive mandate in the 2009 federal election.
無論進程是甚麼，無論過程需要多長時間，無論結果是怎樣，我都希望看見穩定的改變，而和平是至為重要的。
展望公园（英语：Prospect Park）
In chikungunya's chronic phase, almost everyone with the virus (87% - 98%) gets very bad joint pain or stiffness.
Verhagen was leading the CDA from 2010 to 2012.
Rudolf "Rudi" Assauer (d. 30 Nisan 1944 – ö. 6 Şubat 2019), Alman eski profesyonel futbolcu ve teknik direktördür.
A licence to practice medicine is a legal permission to do so within the territory covered by the licensing authority.
This situation created the false impression of Spain being especially hard-hit.
Council member representing the 31st District of the New York City Council.
A person plays Notrium looking from a top-down view.
Benjamín "Chamín" Correa (4 December 1929 14 January 2020) was a Mexican guitarist and record producer.
Düşman birimleri, şüphe çekici bir hareket yapıldıysa hemen sessizce olay yerine intikal etmektedirler ve ne olup bittiğini anlamaya çalışmaktadırlar.
Chichester RAJF (From "Real Ale and Jazz Festival") gives a four-day festival of music and real ale held each July in tents beside the 13th century Guildhall in Priory Park.
Exploratory data analysis with MATLAB.
Dixon, Never Come to Peace, 242. Some Native Americans still called for resistance in the Illinois Country, where British troops had yet to take possession of Fort de Chartres from the French.
In television, Cole had starring roles in the series Midnight Caller, American Gothic, and Crusade.
It includes all of its programming.
It is also popular to eat, because it is mild in taste.
In 1978, the Star Wheel was introduced.
He said very little, but what he said was carefully thought out.
中華民國內政部 臺灣地區地名查詢系統 草漯仔，citation ，臺灣地名辭書(卷十八)新竹市，臺灣省文獻會 。
，在建成初期时为全国规模最大现代化车站。
Salps are common in all seas.
Since the information is free, the GFS is often used, especially by smaller weather stations.
偏食維持了91分 citation 。
And this song was written from a perspective of hope, and hope at the end of the day connects us all, no matter how different we are.
晉書卷九十七·列傳第六十七·四夷傳 此後，林邑國時而向東晉朝貢，時而與東晉持敵對態度，發兵騷擾日南郡、九德郡。
In a new relationship, it is often used to express a desire for control or power.
In 2003, he was accused a second time of child molestation.
Shawarma meat being cut.
Tree houses are an option for building eco-friendly houses in remote forest areas.
If there is no damage, the plane can be put back into service.
孙行友曾遣都校王友遇在石河巡察，与契丹遭遇，杀百余骑，又曾俘获契丹所任的刺史蔡幅顺、
The second season was called P' ru-et (the dry season).
In 2019 she's opening her own Theatre Company, named "House of Bards Theatre Company".
When a shop had a delivery there would suddenly be a long queue of people.
As a result, The Herald and Weekly Times decided to merge the two, and so after one hundred and fifty years, ten months and two days of publication, The Herald was published for the last time as a separate newspaper on 5 October 1990.
双方遂暂时停战，向楚乃率师生300多人撤离，赴国立四川大学理学院所在的南较场。
It has an observation deck that is only open to parishioners on Sundays.
The game was the tenth best selling GameCube game of all time.
Chemical camouflage of the death's head hawkmoth (Acherontia atropos L.) in honeybee colonies.
A young girl has also had 200 consecutive wins in the kids edition, and the allegation has started flying around internet webboards once again.
但不少人說的日語中含有極為濃重的琉球口音，這就逐漸形成了被稱為「
And they also visit the Sikh shrines of Nankana Sahib, Panja Sahib, and Dehra Sahib in Punjab Province of Pakistan.
A situation arising from opposite-side castling.
Most notable of these was Scheckter's win at the 1976 Swedish Grand Prix.
A Chinese naval officer holds a Type 56 assault rifle.
Bunlar Karasal Biyomlar ve Su biyonlarıdır.
His father was Frederick III, King of Denmark and Norway.
He was a former chairman of the Tennessee Judicial Council.
曾因交換身份而見識到貧民生活的困苦而與扒手安潔約定要決心改變國家。
新月台一隅，介紹臺大各處的公共藝術。
Quotes: "I want that one.
An example of this is "stat", used to indicate (show) that something needs to be hurried (done faster).
，main得知白卜庭的陰謀並決心要除掉白卜庭以阻止帝國捲土重來，於是芮、
Eventually, they got together and started racing to see whose car was the fastest.
The term "jejunum" derives from the Latin "jejunus," which means "empty of food," "meager," or "hungry."
Some people are very sensitive to glutens in their food.
Portugal accounts for 50% of the world cork harvest.
A Maori tattoo takes a lot of time to do; generally the Maori people start tattooing themselves in adolescence and they finish in adulthood.
Edward Thompson and Company, the largest printer of bingo tickets in the UK found a way to print strips of 12 so that there would be less waste, and so that any 6 tickets had all of the numbers 1 to 90.
There are four editions of Azar's book series.
Planck gave us.
Perhaps god does not like people who accept Pascal's Wager but god may not mind that atheists doubt.
During this time, his poetry reflects his shift in interest to Toasm rather than his youthful interests of knightly behaviors and gallantry.
In many cases, this makes communication easier.
So, a ship actually does sink, until it moves an amount of water that is the same weight of the weight of the ship.
Each fruit has a single seed that resembles a small snail shell which is protected by the hard endocarp, also known as the inner section of the ovary wall.
This is often played by people who cannot walk or are unable to play normal basketball.
哈齐客运专线于2015年8月17日开通运营，
The extent of the BMAC (after EIEC).
After especially notable deaths, official records of the condolences may be reprinted.
It was distributed by London Independent Producers.
Notice that 'Sélavy' sounds like C'est la vie (that's life!
Prem Dutt was handcuffed but the revolutionaries protested so Magistrate Rai Saheb ordered all of them to be handcuffed but they did not budge.
These particles have all been seen either in nature or in the laboratory.
Observer status is open to non-Arctic states.
As a population, they are devoted to family and church and bring island dance and song to this corner of Arkansas.
安徒生最初的童话创作尝试始於他对儿时听过的故事的改写。
這持續一天的巡迴秀同步在網上直播，活動中安排特別嘉賓、音樂、遊戲、娛樂節目，以及迪斯可舞場。
Nerz is the son of the physicians Rolf-Dieter and Christiane Uta Nerz, née Fiedler.
，於1971年赴日本學棋，投身於加納嘉德九段門下。
It also provides a cleaner looking picture than analog.
，幼稚園開始學習讀唇，進入一間主流小學靠讀唇語上課。
Cape Breton Highlands is on the northern tip of Cape Breton Island.
Both peoples want a part of the treasure, but the dwarves do not want to give them anything.
Re-release are not highlighted.
In Santa Barbara, a 2-year-old girl was killed when she and her mother were swept away by floodwaters; the mother survived.
Humans evoke different reactions from their social environment as a result of their physical characteristics, such as age, size, race, sex, physical attractiveness.
Dajti National Park is 26 km east of the capital of Tirana.
Such a map might be different, depending on where the person is currently at.
需要對生命垂危的重患者進行診療的急診室被關閉，診斷疾病的甄別檢查所裏充斥著不安的市民，再加上醫療人員嚴重不足，很難迅速進行隔離治療，甚至連確診的患者也沒有病房。
He also become associated with playing an early form of guitar synthesizer called the SynthAxe, a company which he worked for in the 1980s.
When he regained his senses, he found himself in an anthropologist's dream world: an erosion-created rift with layer after layer of fossils, bones and ancient artifacts.
一个深一点的经典例子是三维射影空间里线组成的空间（等价于，四维向量空间中的二维子空间）。
其後專輯所有版本的封面隨著宣傳照片在11月18日披露 citation 。
一些經典的慢動作拍攝的題材包括：
The OVC has one "associate" member—i.
In 1755, a permanent Corps of fifty companies of marines was established for direct service under the Admiralty and this force has an unbroken descent to the Royal Marines of today.
Parça listesindeki son iki parça albümün 2000 yılındaki basımında bulunmaktadır.
Pangolins rolling away from predation risks.
In 1965, the name of the province was changed to La Estrelleta and later, in 1972, it was changed to Elías Piña and the capital got its old name of Comendador.
Spelling systems that change with the sound changes are often easier for a learner to learn how to read.
The emperors were considered the representatives of the people, although the decrees of the Senate were dictated by the wishes of the emperor.
Examples are the American Basketball League and the NBL.
Lockwood 2004 p. 212 Some critics liked the play but not all of it.
The Tigrayans made only a brief return to the throne in the person of Yohannes IV in 1872, whose death in 1889 resulted in the power base shifting back to the dominant Amharic-speaking elite prior to Yejju Oromo and Tigrayan rule.
He was married to Harriet Harper from 2004 until his death in 2018.
A few days later, it became a hurricane again as conditions got better.
She was selected Best Eleven in 2014 season.
通常目鏡的焦距越長，適眼距也會越長。
實際上，真正的目的是要為美洲附近的西北水道做定位。
'nin "silahlı kuvveti" olan Endonezya İslam Ordusu'nda (Tentara Islam Indonesia) Hizbullah Fisabilillah'la katılmış bir teröristti.
擁有強大的靈力，好幾次在「黑鷺」的成員們陷入危險的時候救了他們。
The symbols for these sounds are arranged in a table.
He wrote many children's books.
When interviewing Neurasthenia patients, Zhang found that their symptoms matched the symptoms of depression by over 80%.
Bu nedenle bunun öğrenme için özellikle ele alınması uygundur.
，另上書表明自己遵守朝廷法令而不為任何人徇私的原則和決心，堅持要將犯罪者受應得的刑罰。
The disk is surrounded by a chain.
In 2005, the Mitchell's received media coverage from Reuters, ITN, BBC, and CNN/Fox News when they claimed to have solved a musical code carved into the ceiling design of Rosslyn Chapel.
In 2013, Sphere Fluidics spun out of Cambridge University to a new research facility in Babraham Research Campus.
Saffron gives a light yellow-orange colouring to foods.
隔年，總督府在準備實施的市區改正計畫中，
Within the casino complex is the Grand Théâtre de Monte Carlo, an opera and ballet house, and the headquarters of the Ballets de Monte Carlo.
In the arrondissement of Nontron, there is only one canton where all its "communes" are in the arrondissement: Périgord Vert Nontronnais.
'nde, 11 Haziran 2014'te açılış filmi olarak Los Angeles Film Festivali'nde ve 22 Haziran 2014'te de Edinburgh Uluslararası Film Festivali'nde gösterildi.
This movie was released in May 2014.
As of 2011, Maluf is on a second consecutive term as Federal Deputy.
It has 88 floors.
該省的名字在高棉語中意思是「排成列的芒果」。
In that case, they would have to serve their eight-year prison sentence in France.
這顆行星是由克卜勒太空望遠鏡發現的，天文學家們是透過使用凌日法發現這顆行星。
They usually also say that school starts at a given time, and that pupils must be present at the school, at that time.
This can be a sign of illegal drug use, hypoxia (not getting enough oxygen to the brain), or injury.
But the celebration of the defeat of French invaders by an outnumbered Mexican army, led by a Texas-born general, is becoming distinctly American.
節目全長約一小時，並分為四節播放。
Since all ASUN sports that have, or will have, associate members (beach volleyball and men's and women's lacrosse) are spring sports, this means the year of joining is the calendar year before the first season of ASUN play.
These regions are: Northern, Northwestern, Northeastern, Western, Central, Eastern, Southern, Southwestern, and Southeastern.
Simon played himself in a 1975 television episode of The Odd Couple.
Bazı durumlarda genel-valiler egemen devleti çatışmanın tam ortasına çekmekten kaçınırlar.
On July 19, the Declaration's title was changed from "A Declaration of the Representatives of the United States of America in General Congress assembled" to "the unanimous declaration of the thirteen United States of America."
In 2002, he was selected Japan for the first time in 3 years.
There are many different disorders, each of which may be diagnosed by a trained professional.
MCA Inc. bought American Decca in 1962.
's United States Hot Rock Songs chart at number 23 citation and the Kid Digital Song Sales chart at number two, behind Pinkfong's "Baby Shark."
More than 500,000 people attended the festival.
This is the only existing engraving signed with his full name.
Eventually, Athens lost its naval supremacy.
Tek tek atomlar veya moleküller kaybolabilir veya toprak, okyanuslar ve diğer sular veya bitki örtüsü ve diğer biyolojik sistemler gibi bataklıklarda birikerek fazlalıkları arka plan konsantrasyonlarına indirgeyebilir.
The Stull Cemetery citation has rumors that it is haunted.
‘Hunt, William Holman (1827–1910)’, Oxford Dictionary of National Biography, Oxford University Press.
It closed in 1983.
'nde aday olan iş adamı ve senatör Surangel Whipps Jr. ile evli olan Ferista Esang Remengesau'dur.
总面积18平方公里，总人口39人（2001年），人口密度2人/平方公里。
The lowest point is where the Ognon leaves the department, convert high.
後來在杜象主導下阿爾佛雷德·斯蒂格利茲為《噴泉》拍下照片，而達達主義成員出版的雜誌《盲人》也把「理察·馬特」視為《噴泉》的作者並且予以評論。
，使得富良野線也具有相當程度通勤、通學交通線的作用。
Alan Trask (June 26, 1933 January 9, 2019) was an American politician.
Darwin explains why organisms do not increase geometrically.
In 1993 Hayes joined Savage Garden.
ECCC, Co-Investigative Judges, Closing Order, 15 September 2010, para.
Later that day, Ioke intensified even further into a Category 4 hurricane.
The Dick Institute was used as an Auxiliary Hospital in 1917 during World War One.
Some organisms are more complicated than others and may be more aware of their surroundings.
儘管非常接近赤道，該熱帶擾動的對流及雷暴維持發展。
The List of Provinces of Japan changed over time.
An example might be the relation "costs less than", or "is cheaper than".
Derrick Sherwin (16 April 1936 – 17 October 2018) was an English television producer, writer, story editor and actor.
The highest mountain is the Schneeberg (1051 m).
西班牙首先以7比1击败墨西哥，然后以1比1战平意大利，这将导致比赛继续进行。
It ruled out the chances of him becoming a barrister as a likely career from his mind.
It is common around the world.
's five National Garden Festivals.
The rest of the teams will move on to a relegation play-off.
Titulaer made a remarkable appearance on Dutch television because of his beard and Limburgian accent.
This is what a normal human brain looks like if a you were looking down at the top of a persons head.
他的作品已被译成40多种语言出版。
Critics felt the most salacious bits in the novel had been laundered for the movie.
Cocteau helped Genet to publish his novel.
The folk music of Maharashtra is mixed.
The baby then looks blue.
Four new trams and forty horses were needed to run this service.
在節目以外，葉韻怡多年來經常到全港各監獄探訪，
，首次登场于1980年發行的街机游戏《
After they get out of the Labyrinth, a full-fledged battle erupts between the Titans and Camp Half-Blood, in which Nico summons a dozen undead soldiers to fight the dracanae, passing out in the process.
She is also the CEO of France Telecom.
於1932年6月在英國首度出版，標題名為《13個難題》（The Thirteen Problems） citation Chris Peers, Ralph Spurrier and Jamie Sturgeon.
Bilim insanlarının insan eşey hücre öncüllerini kalıcı olarak değiştirmesi gibi bir durum söz konusu olduğundan bu konudaki tartışmalar sürmektedir.
It is to be distinguished from an archaic figure still visible, carved in the northern side of the mountain near Magnesia, to which tradition has given the name of Niobe, but which is really intended for Cybele.
There was bad situation in his family: his parents sweared each other.
This month is usually in April and May in the Gregorian calendar.
It is often considered the peak of the saga tradition.
It aired between October 2014 and June 2015.
It formerly was used in detergents, but the phosphate fueled algal blooms.
This is a list of the rivers, bigger than 100 km, that are wholly or partly located within the borders of Finland.
Avenatti also received George Washington University's prestigious Alumni Recognition Award in 2010.
According to the 2011 census of India Mathura district has a population of 2,541,894. citation This gives it a ranking of 167th in India (out of a total of 640 districts).
Sometimes, however, if the program has a bug (mistake) in it, programmers will want to be able to tell what each part of the machine code is doing.
The river Asse flows through the western part of the commune.
On November 7, 2016, Smith & Wesson announced that it would be changing the name of its holding company to American Outdoor Brands Corporation.
He was only 35 when he won a record majority of seats in the 1911 elections, making him the youngest premier of Western Australia.
The total population of Chittoor city was 353,766 as of the 2011 Census of India.
These 4 topics sum up the vast majority of issues and problems faced by global civil society and will remain, according to experts, the most urgent and relevant working areas for the global community.
They were numbered 1 to 3 in a separate list from the SR's steam-powered trains.
The bridge's main span collapsed under convert winds on the morning of November 7, 1940.
Geiger never expressed himself in public about the Nazis.
" means the Japanese era name for a time period which started in February 1278 and ended in April 1288.
It is the last instance to decide what constitutes a heresy, and how to deal with it.
He is also an amateur fine artist.
In an 1841 news article announcing the first performance of Giselle, Théophile Gautier recorded his part in the creation of the ballet.
緊湊型設計能夠最大限度地提高便攜性和卸載以下的可操作機動性。
CJ, Angel Pine köyündeyken Cesar telefonla CJ'i arar ve nerede olduğunu sorar.
N. Loraux, Aspasie, l'étrangère, l'intellectuelle, 133–164 Fornara ve Samons da Aspasia'nın fahişe olduğu ve kötü ünlü evleri işlettiği yönündeki 5. yüzyıl geleneğini yok sayarlar.
One was somewhere in west Lawrence, and two may have been far from town.
Kardo Ploomipuu chose Nordic skiing over alpine because he has a strong upper body and always liked the sport.
One arch near the center of the bridge has collapsed.
而抽象工厂模式着重于多个系列的产品对象（简单的或是复杂的）。
He bought it so that the shark can stay on top of the house.
Charioteers were the elite branch of most armies of the time.
That night, Uenuku blocked all the places in his house that would shine the daylight.
In 1890, the two countries separated.
It was started around 700 AD.
Ostrom looked at crocodile and bird claws and reconstructed the claw for YPM 5205 as over 120 millimetres (4.7 in) long.
Perhaps because of his unusual experiences, he was favoured by people of the highest level of society.
These survival rates are actually fairly high compared to other fish, because of their protected gestation.
Thence I spread forth across all worlds, and yonder heaven with its height I touch.
This frog lives in forests where the trees are close together.
） 新华网 2007年12月21日 由于当时只有中央电视台、广东电视台、南方日报的记者在场，另有七十多家中外媒体的上百名记者被放鸽子，又于22日上午10时举行南海一号出水仪式，11：30沉箱整体浮出水面，南海一号正式出水。
郭彥甫（1981年12月31日 － ），台灣男藝人，
More than 80 years after his death, works from his collection were sold after agreement with the various claimants to his estate.
Founding Member of the Hard Rock Miners.
Geologists have been trying to get at the Moho for decades.
As a conductor Mahler had a tremendous influence on musical life in Europe.
Güvenlik aracı yeniden çalıştırıldıktan kısa bir süre sonra, Hamilton 27. turda bir güvenlik bariyerinin yanlış tarafından pit şeridine girmiş ve beş saniye ceza almıştı.
Moscoso, kara para aklamaya karşı yeni yasalar düzenledi ve vergi şeffaflığını destekleyerek Panama'nın uluslararası suçtaki rolüne son vermek için çalıştı.
'ta bulunan Sigmund-Freud Enstitüsü'nün kurucularından biri olarak psikanalitik araştırmalara başladı.
Another name was 'Jongji'(종지, 宗之), nickname was Sambong(삼봉, 三峯).
The acts were very controversial.
他的父亲安泰勋是朝鲜王朝的成均进士，母亲是白川赵氏。
When he was three years old he was imitating his father’s singing.
亚美尼亚、俄罗斯和西欧的艺术品被分为三部分永久展出，并由各自的研究部门管理。
It is the northernmost formal community on the North American continent.
P. goliah was the largest kangaroo known to have existed.
反轉錄病毒的生活史中有三種不同的複製系統。
These weapons are very special to a Jedi or Sith.
On 23 December, the weather conditions started improving, allowing the Allied air forces to attack.
Sometimes, a sand dollar will only partially bury itself in the sand, and ends up poking up from the sand, standing on its side.
Better Planet: can a maligned pesticide save lives?
Physics is more quantitative than most other sciences.
When he served his penalty, he stayed in second place.
在日本國內曾創下800萬冊銷售記錄 citation ，
From 2006 to 2007, she was one of the Green Party's Principal Speakers.
Harold died, and Harthacanute was able to take back his throne peacefully.
He moved nearly unopposed through Normandy.
Given it is a plain plateau with strong soil, Aviation ministry estimated that the airport could be completed in just six months.
About 51.53% of the people are Sikhs.
These members recorded their first album "Morbid Visions" in 1986.
，擺出各種撩人姿態，不但養眼，也十分引人遐想。
For example, victims of Torstehen ("Gate Hanging") had to stand outside naked with their arms raised – like a gate hanging on its hinges.
It is in the southern part of the valley on the eastern side of the river.
该工作室成立于2008年7月2日。
Media Center Edition was for people who liked to use their computer as a television box.
These camps were established because there were too many Polish prisoners and not enough room in "local" prisons to hold them in.
，成功突圍而出取得決賽周入場券。
"I can't see my way to becoming Patron of the Michael Collins Foundation.
後來在1944年，漢尼根又協助杜魯門成為羅斯福的副總統。
Nefes bedenin tüm organ ve eklemlerini birbirine bağlar.
The elephant had traveled well.
Pol Pot's family was a good family, and really connected with the royal family.
Kitap çevirisi yaparak geçimini sağlamaya başladı.
There are various theories though.
A new gallery was needed.
She is the leader of her bunch and the protagonist of the series.
These machines must work in extreme temperatures and pressures.
Dressup was on TV for a very long time.
There may be more than one hundred baby spiders on her back.
However, it is still not known how long immunity will last, and how effective it will be.
People believed that they are dragons, spirits or ghosts.
It is sometimes called Spanish Louisiana.
The newspaper has remained in family ownership.
Also new in 2012 was the Hollywood Casino, which overlooks the track at turn 2, boasting 2,000 slot machines and gaming tables.
Instead, he cut his own ear lobe off.
He invented the game "Poohsticks".
St John's is the main campus.
候车室东西两侧共设有8个检票口，每个检票口设有4座闸机和1个人工口。
Wittgenstein did not like it because he thought that Russell had not understood the book.
Officials in Sichuan province have removed the limit of one child for families whose only child was killed or badly injured.
Premtosh Nath (Born: 7, March, 1966) is a politician from Tripura, originally from Sabroom citation citation https://www.
It was formerly known as E2 before 2001.
Every year, Athenian citizens elected eight generals who led them in war.
A semi-trailer has no front wheels.
Umeyr bin Adî bir gece kadının evine girdi.
，同時也在進行該劇的拍攝 citation 。
They believe that it's not what you have that is important.
The bottom image shows White's position after castling.
The shaheen (شاهین) of Arabic and Persian writers are usually barbary falcons; those in Indian (शाहीन) and Pakistani (شاہین) sources normally refer to 'peregrinators'.
安康市公安局汉滨分局和胡锡进的微博先后被删除。 citation 。
The shortened season ended much later than usual.
People believe the spirit of the dead goes and visits their families from October 31 (aka Halloween) then leaves on November 2. The Day of the Dead is held every year on the 2nd of November in Mexico.
Ancak bilgisayarlı çizim yöntemi de oldukça fazla kullanılır.
On July 15, 1791 it was launched.
Detailed texture of eidetic images: a discussion.
Procopius, Yezdicerd tarafından Theodosius'a karşı olan davranışlarına karşılık "erdem gösteren" olarak övülmüştür Christopher, Lillington-Martin (6 Temmuz 2017).
Smith was married to his wife, Heather, with whom he had three children.
Spain at the time was an ally (partner) of France.
Audley, as a peer of the realm, was beheaded on the 28th June at Tower Hill, London.
The Communists eventually won the war by uniting all the people from different positions.
Ve şirketin başına geçer.
He later became a teacher at the College himself.
Sometimes, bleeding can be both internal and external.
Axons take information away from the cell body.
Vitamin B 6 is one of the vital chemical compounds which are got from foodstuffs.
The four have created the Nuclear Security Project to advance this cause.
And so was why Kapustin's music all around the world.
Tabii ki başarısız olurlar.
In her teen years, Breed attended Galileo High School and soon after, the University of California.
'de "komünist" sözcüğünün kullanımının sakıncalı sayıldığı dönemde pembe kitap olarak anılmıştır.
若一個簡單的穩定系統，其響應不會遞減也不是隨時間變大，也不會震盪，
》擔任音樂總監、為一舖清唱之無伴奏合唱劇《大殉情》
In 1940 he bought a convert plot in South Miami, Florida, naming it Pencil Pines; he spent his winters there for the rest of his life.
Many of his papers, poems, and hand written lab-notes are available at the National Library of Medicine in the Oswald T. Avery Collection, the first of their Profiles in Science series.
Serfler ile özgür köylüler arasındaki farklardan en önemlisi göçme özgürlüğüydü; serfler efendilerinin izni olmadan topraklarını veya köylerini sürekli olarak terkedemiyorlardı.
、日15:45-17:45及21:00-23:00播出（每次播映兩集）
Project managers must also ensure the best possible distribution of resources.
The album has been well received by several critics.
Plasma membranes give the cell messages from outside.
，該靈童尋訪小組同時與西藏流亡政府保持聯繫。
Some of the DA reactions are reversible.
Getty gives "lifesaver" grants to L.B. arts.
In spite of the flimsy story and routine screenplay where a youth grows to be a "dada", the dialogs elevate the quality of the movie and make it very enjoyable". citation His second film Saamy, under the Kavithaalaya banner, starred Vikram.
He finished in fourth and fifth place.
The university also has seven research departments.
Studying nearby starburst galaxies can help us explore the history of galaxy formation and evolution.
They blamed the government and the merchants for letting the price of rice rise so high.
In this case it refers to prayers said for nine consecutive days.
The D14, D88, D217A, and N85 roads pass through the commune.
》八十四引《史記》載：“周孝王七年，厉王生。”
Because stem cells are not yet differentiated, they can change to become some kind of specialized cells.
It is not called by its own name, but by the name of something which is closely related or implicit in the context.
The word has been used for different concepts from different fields of study.
Thalia shows up at the cave by Aeolus' palace, along with the other hunters.
Critics argue that it's not healthy to have a negative attitude toward the human body.
Gizli komite çevredeki aşiretleri Cumhuriyet ile İslamiyetin, dinin, namaz, oruç, Kuran, Nikâh, ırz ve namusun kalkacağı propagandası ile halkı devlete karşı kışkırttılar.
It is known also regarded as a place where information can be exchanged.
但要是超過期限，「心」就會變成「遺物」，使魔就不能復活了。
、常驻欧洲安全与合作组织代表。
更重要的是，伯灵顿微风号的面世掀开了美国铁路牵引动力内燃化的序幕。
中共十三大他提出了社會主義初級階段的概念和理論，指出社會主義初級階段是一個相當長時期的歷史過程。
He also invented the word "
His older brothers, Yangnyeong and Hyoryeong, thought they were not fit to be king and that it was their duty to make Sejong the king, even though he was younger than them.
So in a Mexican standoff nobody wants to be the first one to shoot.
It comes under the Delhi-NCR region.
Japanese Americans were given only 48 hours to leave for internment camps in other states.
Heather's mother Bro did not know what to do with the money, so she started an organization with Alfred Wilson, the African-American lawyer who hired Heyer at Miller Law Group.
CBC Schitt soyadını kabul etti ve Levy'lerin orijinal unvanını korumasına izin verdi.
It is hard to tell which side is correct because the language in the law is still being written.
He was titular archbishop of Turres in Byzacena and as coadjutor archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cuiabá Brazil, from 1975 to 1981 and as archbishop of the archdiocese from 1981 to 2004.
West offered Olcott a position in the Land Office, which he accepted in 1909.
Her first experiments were done in a small laboratory in her house.
It was titled I Brought You My Bullets, You Brought Me Your Love.
亦為聯盟的第一年職業賽事，又稱「電競元年」。
D'Annunzio personally entered in Fiume with a column of Dalmatian Italian volunteers (mostly irredentist).
It is the second most expensive school in the world.
They were very careful to make good use of every part of the animals they killed.
Bauder, David, 2015 "Bob Schieffer nears his final sign-off on "Face the Nation"," Chicago Sun-Times, May 30,p.
曾任中国工程设计计算机委员会常委，中国水电、水利计算机专委会副主任、
A wax statue of Caesar was erected in the forum displaying the 23 stab wounds.
Some of the other animals just slow down their metabolism and eat food they stored during the summer and fall months.
Bu sorunun yanıtı; cinselliğe ilişkin bedenden ve zihinden gelen birçok sağlıksız mesajın vajina ve pelvik kaslar tarafından algılanıp refleks kasılmalarla sonuçlanmasında gizlidir.
The nihongo was a major road in ancient Japan.
They thought it was dishonorable to be defeated that way.
This is the state where you have achieved the divine love of God, and come ever closer to a unity with God.
This work, more than any other, convinced organic chemists that the synthesis of any complex substance was possible, given enough time and planning.
The river Trave runs through the district before entering the city of Lübeck.
At MIT, a professor tried to cancel the lecture before it took place.
Maria Victoria was present recording the exhumation with a video camera.
He averaged 5.3 points and 5.2 rebounds over his career.
Eventually the government stopped trying and withdrew the metric system.
Beowulf had earlier decided to fight without his sword because he thought it would be shameful to fight with unequal weaponry.
Typically a bow should last a count of eight: three to go down, one for a pause and four for returning to an upright position.
一個半徑為r的開球稱為開r-球(closed r-ball)。
Twitchers keep lists of all the birds they have seen, and if they hear that a rare bird has been seen somewhere, they travel long distances to try to see it so that they can add it to their list.
It is made by reacting copper with chlorine.
If people take the subway to get to the place, they can exit at Yeouinaru Station.
There are some necessary specialities which do not fit easily into the new system.
It has three stocks: the Sicilian, the Calabro-Sicilian and Salentinu.
When she started writing, she wrote plays, political documents, and novels.
The left hand bottle contains more nitrogen dioxide than the Tetroxide, whereas the Second bottle's contents' state favors the formation of more Dinitrogen Tetroxide (colorless) than Nitrogen Dioxide (Red/Brown).
Early Roman scolars used the word vates to refer to all of them, which has been translated as "
This would drive organisms from simple to complex forms.
Having become princes, the naxarars of Parspatuni united under their rule the regions of Parspatunik and Marand, choosing the Marand's Bakurarakert(Greco-Roman Philadelphia) as their capital.
The story continues in the large room of the house of Herr von Faninal, the father of Sophie whom Ochs wants to marry.
Surface Laptop 2是微软Surface系列的笔记本电脑，于2018年10月2日在纽约同Surface Pro 6一道发布。
Today, Route 1 is a major national highway that mirrors the route of the old Tōkaidō except in the Tōkyō-Yokohama section.
Thomas has enjoyed success both on the track and on the road.
At the time, the research was still being supervised by Tschirnhaus, who died in October of that year.
Rüzgâr, en çok KD yönünden %34,4 sıklıkta, en az ise Güney yönünden %5,8 sıklıkla eser.
In June 2020, the series was revealed to be named The Comey Rule and will consist of two episodes totalling four hours.
Wet tyres (sometimes called full wets tyres) are used when the track surface is very wet.
On most occasions, the father would pick a rich husband for his daughter.
She released seven more albums.
第28师师长潘干臣等300余守军被杀，师参谋长刘绍坤等8,328人被生擒。
İkinci kanıt, sarnıç cephesine monte edilen ve sokağa adını veren çeşmenin yazıtının 1800 tarihini taşımasıdır.
The library has a copy of every new book printed in Sweden.
This was only a little different from the Bunreacht na hÉireann (meaning literally the Constitution of Ireland).
The Germanic peoples are those who speak Germanic languages like English, German, Norwegian and Dutch.
He criticised earlier mathematicians for using assumptions too often, and being too vague in their definitions.
Some can be different.
The town has been a center of business and trade for a long time.
It released some of the most important former Yugoslav pop and rock records.
It includes a dance, a Gopak, which is very well-known.
She was a labor activist and a writer for the political resistance movement.
This person is called their "focus". citation Poltergeists will bother only their focus.
It started when he was a little baby.
香港：香港中文大學出版社，2017。
Her girlhood was much like the girlhood of others in the alliance.
The story in this game takes place directly after Path of Radiance.
由于设计者未实际考察该地块北高南低的地形，导致该立面北端地上有两层，南端由于地下室露出地面成为三层。
At the Europe-Top- 12 he won for the 3rd time gold.
The town was built in May.
The Hayabusa mission was the first time that an attempt was made to bring an asteroid dust sample to earth for analysis.
The reforms in 1907 and 1917 made Riksmaal the written standard Norwegian, renamed Bokmaal in 1929.
His family migrated to Peshawer in 1965 but has family members remaining in Kukmang Union Council.
The season was shortened to a 48 games instead of the usual 82 games because of the 2012–13 NHL lockout.
George A. Miller, a pioneer in cognitive psychology, is dead at 92. New York Times.
魏明谷稱是秘書的兒子回覆，對於事件造成誤會，魏明谷稱「深感抱歉，未來在網路管理上會再做檢討」 citation citation 。
The shield consists of many parts.
Because of its pain-reliving properties, Acetaminophen is often added to other drugs.
中国大陆与台湾對高山族的定義、範圍有所不同：
They are placed into one character, and it is mostly used with East Asian fonts.
漸漸地，他越來越不能滿足這樣的關係，他向詩史提出了一起生活的要求。
有轨电车1号线开通运营，日均客流4000人次。
Volume 2 covers Twelfth Dynasty to the Nineteenth.
Jason Raymond Bay (born September 20, 1978) is a Canadian-American former professional baseball left fielder.
Like Ricciardo, Vergne had completed a limited testing schedule for the team in 2011.
Mignolet has played for Belgium since under-16 level.
This was paid for by the city's government.
The story and its main characters attracted little public interest when it first appeared.
St. Lucie County is part of the Port St. Lucie Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The Atari 2600 uses game cartridges which can be swapped in and out to change games, which was a new idea in video games at the time.
特斯特诺及其植物园出现在电视连续剧《
The northern part, especially around Plzeň, is more industrial.
In the autumn of 2000 even this was taken over by Whitbread PLC.
Despite the secrecy rule, details of the votes and the arguments in Council are sometimes leaked to the press, resulting in (generally fruitless) investigations and criminal prosecutions of the leaking staff member.
He was born in Urtijëi.
In 1999, she became an MSP representing the Glasgow region.
Scientists wrote that they had strong tails for swimming and bodies meant for the water to flow over them.
Everyday text shows that Old Persian was probably more commonly used than previously thought.
She also stars in the Disney Channel show, Jessie.
Rankin developed a considerable following during the 70s with a steady flow of albums, three of which broke into the Top 100 of the Billboard Album Chart.
The issues are complex.
（2007年7月1日－2012年6月30日）
He held this seat until he left politics in 1996.
It later won the "Booker of Bookers".
His career began in 1962 and he retired in 2012.
在飛機起飛之前必須先預冷望遠鏡所在的貨艙，以便能與外面的溫度相同（避免溫度造成的變形）。
Chess: the records.
Guevara'nın bu yolculuğu anlattığı seyahat notları “Notas de viaje’’ 2004 yılında “
His extensive meteorological observations led to the establishment of the United States Weather Bureau, and his Meteorological and Physical Tables (1852, revised ed. 1884) were long standard.
维克托III级（671RTMK）
他指责作为政治联络的一个工具的法律的使用，表示以有效的立法代替模糊的愿望。
He is an executive vice-president of a corporation (HAPPY SONG).
Kerrigan married her agent, Jerry Solomon, on September 9, 1995.
Her ne kadar "Tanrı'nın oğulları", "Tanrı'nın oğlu" ve "Rabbin oğlu" gibi tabirler Yahudi dinî metinlerinde geçiyor olsa da, hiçbir zaman bu tabirler Tanrı ile doğrudan bir soybağını kastetmemektedir.
The Belarusian government considered the book to be very bad.
在他的执教之下，意大利国家足球队在34年和38年连续两次夺得世界杯冠军。
Ceramic nanoparticle is a type of nanoparticle that is contained of ceramics, which are classified as inorganic, heat-resistant, nonmetallic solids that can be made of both metallic and nonmetallic compounds.
The wife of an emperor is also called empress.
，中国大陆画家，“丽人画派”开创人。
Our streets," "Say his name: George Floyd," and other slogans.
He died before the Medal could be presented to him so it was received posthumously.
Nina Hagen mentioned it in her 1983 song "New York / N.Y.". Elliott Murphy sang about it in his 1983 song "Off the Shelf".
When the Gard department was created on 1800, the arrondissement of Nîmes was part of that original department.
Nükleer fizyonun keşfini belgeleyen bazı tarihçiler Meitner’in Hahn ile Nobel Ödülü alması gerektiğine inanıyorlardı.
Sailing skiffs are the hardest type of dinghy to sail.
In the United States, there has been universal screening - meaning that all blood and organs are tested before being given to another person - since 1992.
作为奥巴马总统"十万人"行动计划下首个启动的项目，该项目为多所美国大学提供资金，以鼓励更多美国学生到中国进行学习。
After three to four days, they turn dark gray.
Microraptor was among the first non-
這一構想獲得了Benesse會社社長福武綜一郎的支持，犬島計劃進入實質性階段。
There is Fifi, a toy poodle and his basset hound companion Roberto, two cats; one named Stanley, whose companion is a mentally retarded cat named Roger, and a Southern dog named Rufus, whose companion is his girlfriend Charlene.
In 2003, Melendi made his first album Sin noticias de Holanda which had 12 songs.
It has spots or stripes on its back.
Of knightly extraction, it has proofs of its nobility going back as far as 1265.
This frog lives in forests and swamps near dams and small streams.
During his time as ruler he conquered Khurasan and the regions of the west of the Arabian Peninsula.
The book has many illustrations and contributions from 33 international experts.
；聯機模式時為標準點放突擊步槍，
Japanese sentences are usually written using a mix of hiragana, katakana, and kanji.
In the Chinese tradition, Budai was a monk who lived in China around 907 to 923 CE.
他的大部分作品目前还未被演奏和录音。
Many programmers like it because the creator tried to make it easy and nice to use.
They may be low-level clouds (stratus), medium-level (altostratus), high-level (cirrostratus), or thick multi-level clouds that make rain or snow (nimbostratus).
Although these ants are not aggressive, they will bite when their nest is disturbed.
The kiln heats to about 2000 degrees turning the chemical glaze to colors.
Also after the closing credits, after Vergil falls to the bottom of the waterfall in the demon world, Vergil runs toward his father's old enemy, Mundus.
More specific definitions of a heavy metal have been proposed but none is widely used.
It was a great success, and today it is still one of the most popular operas.
The champions continued to compete on any brand until the end of the brand extension in August, 2011.
It usually requires an advanced knowledge of cooking and past experience to create a high quality consommé.
They may lose interest in activities they usually like, or become isolated and lonely.
该线开通后，将有利于列车来往于济南站-济南西站和济南东站间。
Dixie Dean: the inside story of a football icon.
London is the most visited city in the world by international tourists with 18.8 million international visitors per year.
The title refers to the amount of time they have to solve the crime.
The second season of the series will started in January 2008 after the premiere of the new NBB movie "Sidekicks".
另有梨孟铁路支线，起自济沁线上的梨林站，至孟县站，全长23公里。
Given Intel's history of sharing details about Itanium microprocessors at ISSCC, this paper most likely refers to Poulson.
David C. Douglas, William the Conqueror; The Norman Impact upon England (Berkeley; Los Angeles, University of California Press, 1964), p. 220 After their surrender he built two more castles there then returned to Winchester.
This definition, quality standards and protection of the Harris Tweed name are enshrined in the Harris Tweed Act 1993.
Peter tries to get the car back by pretending he is a Native American.
Her work has been published in LA review among others, featured in Yale University, The Museum of Modern Art and many more.
He was a good teacher too, and he made him write lots of technical exercises.
He placed fourth with 4.23% of the national vote.
Remember Me to Harlem: The Letters of Langston Hughes and Carl Van Vechten, 1925-1964.
The University of Jyväskylä is popular and respected.
The venom of Bush Vipers is hemotoxic, it causes pain, swelling, and stop blood clotting.
Although not the first vetoed (
Some teams in the NHL do not have a captain.
球出了界，但是尖銳的斷棒飛向克萊門斯。
Two polish poets won Nobel prize as well.
They hunt their prey using echolocation.
Polymers made from artificial latex are called "synthetic rubber."
These positively charged molecules then become attached to the surface of the electrode, and pull in negatively charged molecules from the solution to form a spherical shape; however, these molecules are not attached as strongly.
曼京鏡應用在備用在照明和影像形成光學，像是探照燈、
， citation 旋於10月被派往西印度群島，攻擊法國及荷蘭的殖民地。
He worked at first in an institute of the Paris Descartes University (Paris V).
In 2007, 3185 people lived there.
As of 2005, the urban area had 763,000 people (about 822,000 people as of 2008).
It is at 50° 44 North, 03° 40 East.
Some readers use an integrated decoder, others have one unit for reading the barcode, and another one to decode the barcode.
His debut as a movie director was Operasjon Sjøsprøyt from 1964.
In 1948, a presidential candidate, Jorge Eliécer Gaitán, was murdered while doing a speech in front of hundreds of persons.
Finally, when the water in the sweat evaporates, it leaves the salts (sodium, chloride and potassium) behind on your skin, which is why your skin tastes salty.
The great crested grebe is a medium sized bird.
It was while at Yale that she wrote her first two books.
Aynı zamanda ise herhangi bir döviz kuru sisteminde değerlenip düşebilmektedir.
The department of Léman was eliminated in 1814 and Gex was again part of the department of Ain.
The pieces are also sometimes known as the "Cairo Annals Stone".
We use materials to make things.
The bus slipped and turned over.
曾是京张线上重要的车站，1906年及1909年两次在此站举办京张铁路通车典礼 citation 。
The domus was not just a house; it was a place of business as well.
Musicians think of the Baroque period as starting around 1600.
薛丁格方程式可以用來形容非相對論量子系統的波函數，此方程式在侷限系統中的解是不連續的，在這邊即可引入能階和量子的概念。
; he is also a member of the Academy of letters of Aparecida de Goiânia, the Brazilian Union of Writers, the Press Association Goiana, among the others.
Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter? is a 1957 movie.
她回家时，发现家门口有一帮愤怒的人群，不得不与女儿避居在朋友家里 。
Cyclonic Storm Ogni died on October 30, after it killed at least 35 people.
值得一提是由「美特容器（香港）有限公司」成立。
He was thought to be one of the best experts on international financial matters.
There are also less common quantifiers used by mathematicians.
片方幸福藍海表示，被洩露的劇本只是最原始的版本，項目成立後導演刁亦男對劇本還做了大量修改調整，包括劇情、人物設置等都與原始劇本不同 。
His father and stepmother did not want him at home so he left home.
The word Tachi translates as "the soul of bushi" (
She was raised in a musical family.
建成于1773年，經英国遗产列为一级登录建筑 。
In 1908 Rimsky-Korsakov died.
In 1978, the old capitol was scheduled for demolition, but the State Of Florida decided to keep the Old Capitol as a museum and point of interest.
Antarctic peninsula and South America (Patagonia) Paleogene terrestrial faunas and environments: biogeographic relationships.
，大桥于2011年3月22日贯通。
A wool weaving factory on the Klyazma River.
六花成員的名字都跟花卉有關，並分別負責攻擊、治療、防禦的技能，偶爾也會被織姬用來搜尋其他的對象。
The event is held in the 16,100-seat stadium of the Indian Wells Tennis Garden.
截至2020年，其軍事費所佔GDP比例已降至1.48％ citation 。
It is often reported as a number of deaths per 1000 individuals per year.
They often depict animals rather than humans.
However, with increased air activity by commercial airlines and the private airplane industry, particularly with Douglas Aircraft showing an interest in the Long Beach Municipal Airport, the facility required more space.
It is strong and cheap.
卢塞恩文化与会议中心（Palais de la culture et des congrès de Lucerne）
The words of the song (Day is done; Gone the sun) were written at later date.
The three best-known groups are the Mbenga, Mbuti, and Twa groups.
Catsuits may also be transparent or completely opaque.
In 1976 Cho published The Winter Woman.
Members of the political party are known as the "Pakistan Greens".
馬博士就提交立法機構審議和通過的法案和附屬法例及就解釋《基本法》所涉及的問題提供法律意見的工作，經驗豐富。
Ptolemaic model of the spheres for Venus, Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn.
It aims to guide the training and research council on the changes to be made to the training Ingénieur ENAC (ENAC engineer) and to the corporate partnerships.
，讓薩托沒有要脅凱特的籌碼，實則是想與尼爾潛入倉庫調查薩托手上的逆時技術。
In 1954 the government decided that the nearby city Chemnitz(now called Karl-Marx-Stadt) should have a good team.
于是夔、妥各为一议，使百僚署其所同。
For thousands of years, humans have used methods of preserving food, so that they can store food to eat later.
Rishworth Okulu'nda eğitim gördü.
The official website for his scientific foundation, Isra, describes him as a well-known, outstanding thinker in various fields of Islamic sciences and a distinguished figure in exegesis, jurisprudence, philosophy and mysticism.
He won the eighth season of The X Factor Australia in 2016.
Mademki millet aynı ideale bağlı insanların oluşturduğu bir birliktir, o halde insanların üzerinde yaşadığı vatan parçası da bir bütündür, kutsaldır.
認為或斗的失蹤對自己造成背叛感。
Ertesi gün aslında oradan gitmek istemediklerini değil, bir şekilde gidemediklerini fark ederler.
In her left hand, she holds an Ankh, the Egyptian symbol for life.
Her place is unknown because the season has not been shown on TV yet.
Generally, firewood is not highly processed and is in some sort of log or branch form.
，共同特徵是牙齒鈍、呈匙狀，適合咬碎植物 。
而玄鸟氏更是发展成为一统中原的强大商族和统一中华的秦族 。
杀死弥诺陶洛斯是忒修斯最大的一件功绩。
This is unusual because almost no other elements react with nitrogen at room temperature like lithium.
About 3,319 people lived there as of 31 May 2013.
部門內的失意人還有事業如意卻活得不快樂的Joanna、為自我利益而出賣兄弟的華哥，以及工作成狂卻難逃被炒危機的Denny。
Meanwhile, he has been famous for his acting in Japanese dramas and films.
乃引其妻兄燕弘信谒祐，祐接之甚厚，多赐金帛，令潜募剑士。
The longest river of Finland is Tornionjoki.
小说讲述了米莉·希勒，一个身患重病的美国女继承人以及她对她身边的人的影响的故事。
In the end, they find the area, the location where the crystal skull should be returned.
The original building includes the Great Room, which features a magnificent sequence of paintings by Irish artist James Barry: The progress of human knowledge and culture.
The play has been labelled as antitheater.
The Chinese Festival of Arts starts on the 5th day and runs for the rest of the holiday until the Lantern Festival.
Rosen wrote over 140 books.
However, he is kind as he lets 3 homeless people/animals.
Lady with Harp: Eliza Ridgely, this painting shows an early kind of Pedal Harp.
It was rebuilt several times; the last building of the Circus Maximus could seat 250,000 people.
该刊停刊两年重行出版问世之时，陈裕光校长亲自为刊物写下以下数言，“藉与共勉焉”， 《金陵光》，1930年第1期。
It plays its home games on Sjöaremossen's artificial ice rink.
They also take care of Broadcasting laws and laws about what newspapers and television stations can and cannot do.
The city became popular with rich people from the western part of the Netherlands.
，重心低，座位前方通常有置物踏板，通常在座位下或踏板前方有置物箱和油箱，
My hope is that these punitive sanctions do not lead to more violence and more repression.
In the end, Ye still refused.
They are also known as iodopsins.
It can be replaced by other conditions (for example "
A ripoff happens when something is very overpriced (
Jean Shrimpton were one of the most photographed couples of the day.
Fresh Meadows is also the name of a housing development (housing estate) in the neighborhood, along 188th Street.
但後來考慮到球員數不足的問題，改為「最多12局但不限時間」，避免球隊在時間限制下故意拖延比賽 citation 。
It was called Elvis Lives in Parkes.
In 1842 Malmaison was purchased by Maria Christina, widow of King Ferdinand VII of Spain; she lived there with her second husband Agustín Fernando Muñoz, 1st Duke of Riánsares.
，它能够形成深入土壤的交错网络，辅助吸收水分和各种营养。
The facts and theories behind dinosaur gigantism.
Without its correct three-dimensional structure a protein does not work.
There are over a million tourists per year. citation The country is among the main tourist places in Africa.
The Launch Control Center is adjascent to the side of the building, with a walkway connecting both buildings.
He first decided to become a writer in 7th grade.
They used boats to travel to the Ohio River.
The positive and negative charges in molecules separate under the applied field, causing an increase in the state of polarization, expressed as the polarization density P. A changing state of polarization is equivalent to a current.
Alma was the first tropical storm to ever hit the Pacific coast of Nicaragua.
In 1880–1881 there was a winter that people in the Dakotas called the "Hard Winter".
During the plans for Fall Gelb the idea of leaving the Fortress Holland alone was considered.
Kelle avcıları saldırdığında Kraliçe Amoa'nın köyünde büyük bir savaş başlar.
尼加拉瓜确诊14宗病例，3人死亡。
The movement turned violent, and the United Nations brokered a ceasefire in 1991.
For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Months".
Unfortunately many of Louis’s policies, both domestic and foreign, caused great hardship to ordinary people, many of whom suffered starvation, fled their homeland, or lived in terror of persecution.
Following are the three laws of motion.
其生存的海拔范围为1400至1650米。
不過大部分的亂倫夫妻並不會留在原島嶼等待處罰，他們通常會設法取得獨木舟逃到其他島嶼，他們有可能獲得平靜的生活若他們真到達另一島嶼。
皇兴中，薛安都以彭城归国,时朝廷欲绥安初附，以绍先为下邳太守，加宁朔将军。
，统龟兹、焉耆、于阗、疏勒四国。
Neighbouring Union Councils are Kothiala to the south and Thathi Faqir Sahib to the north.
Paint and/or other materials are applied on top of the gesso.
Hill married three times, having three children by his first wife, Gloria, and two by his second, Heather.
They are the Hydradephaga (water beetles) and the Geadephaga (ground beetles.
由於胎兒窘迫情況於產前檢查多篩檢不到，所以已成為當今圍產期死亡（perinatal death）及引致新生嬰兒神經系統後遺症的最主要原因。
的人物，同时请参见：291年逝世。
'Associative' refers to the grouping of numbers.
While she worked in a wide number of genres – Swedish folklore, Elizabethan songs and opera.
For the rest of his life, he would be a member of the Nobel Committee on Physics and a member of the Nobel Committee on Chemistry.
The first skater to do a triple Axel in competition was Vern Taylor.
The song is available in several versions.
O'neal ile ilgilendiklerini söyledi ve bu takas belli bir süre sonra gerçekleşti.
The Deniz azaps were used during the 16th Century; while troops called Levend (Bahriyeli) were raised on and off over the centuries - over 50,000 of them by the late 18th century.
The Fairly OddParents was the fourth longest-running Nicktoons series.
It is one of the nine Navagrahasthalas of the Cauvery Delta.
The bill would make Ireland leave the United Kingdom.
It was produced by Sun Pictures.
This would allow the steel to unbuckle and new steel could be put up to support the damaged section.
Tek kubbeli küçük camilerin tipik bir örneği ve Bursa üslubunun basit bir karışımı olan Cami, kare planlıdır.
For instance, the most common letters (like "e") are in the center row of keys, so less hand movement is needed when a person is typing.
有媒體形容「場面詭異」，有網民則解讀為「扭蛋與高牆」 citation citation 。
The Alamo finally fell on March 6, 1836 with nearly all the defenders killed.
The comune with fewest people living in it is Smerillo with 366 inhabitants.
It was usually done by a bishop or abbot to a special place within the church.
In 934 he married Adele of Vermandois, daughter of Herbert II of Vermandois.
Forbes 100 has named Tiger Shroff as one of the most influential and wealthiest Bollywood actors.
Dr. Mukhmohit has been involved with Medical and Nursing Graduate and post graduate education since 2011 and has taught over 10,000+ students with a very high success rate.
BWEs built since the 1990s, such as the Bagger 293, have reached sizes as large as 96 metres (314.9 feet) tall, 225 metres (738.2 feet) long, and as heavy as 14,200 metric tons (31.3 million lb).
It is the largest district of Israel by area.
The larvae live in brood balls made with dung prepared by their parents.
G. Lusinyan'ın Fransızca-Ermenice sözlüğüne sözcük ve anlam araştırmacısı olarak katkıda bulunmuştur.
Maintenance of the runners and parts exposed to water include removal, inspection, and repair of worn parts.
Many more Zelda games were made because of it.
新加坡劍橋普通教育證書（普通水準）會考（Singapore-Cambridge General Certificate of Education (Ordinary Level) Examination，簡稱GCE 'O' Level）
Canlı organizmada ya da canlı hücrede meydana gelen yapıcı ve yıkıcı nitelikteki kimyasal olayların tümünü içerir.
He is married and has 4 children.
At home, Ellen meets the guy who was her senior prom date, named Rusty.
賓臣卸任主席後，馬會在1969年至1970年爆出轟動一時的「
They are in fact followed closely by a secret agency, the WOOHP, who will recruit them for three seasoned spies.
The Columbia Encyclopedia, Sixth Edition.
Delić, 2000 yılında emekli olana kadar Bosna federasyon ordusunun komutanı oldu.
President and independence leader (b.
The population of Pune was 8,242,142 by 2015.
In his career he played 478 matches and scored 355 goals.
Three quarters of all independent states are still living under nearly absolute state control of the national economy.
The result of these exchanges, known generally as the Columbian Exchange, was to significantly improve the agricultural potential of not only in America, but also that of Europe and Asia.
His body began to turn into different parts of the visible universe.
They married on April 24, 1954, at the Roman Catholic Church of St. Thomas More in New York City, twelve days before her thirtieth birthday.
In his "Perfect" form, Cell becomes much more humanoid and more intelligent, complete with both a fully-formed nose and mouth.
Burada Kur'an'daki hukuk sistemi Arapların geleneksel hukuk sistemiyle Tevrat'ın bir karışımıdır dersek abartmış olmayız.
The land mines are armed and placed like a hand grenade, but they would not explode until triggered.
It is one of only two stations on the London Underground with only four letters in its name.
这两颗古银杏树是成均馆大学的标志，也被列为韩国第59号天然纪念物。
Her next book, The Edge of the Sea, and the republished version of her first book, Under the Sea Wind, were also bestsellers.
赫梅尔尼茨基让他的军队在皮利亚夫齐战役中参与一起农民起义，给了微弱不堪，精疲力竭的波兰军队又一沉重的打击。
Served on board the U.S.S. Brooklyn in the attack upon Forts Jackson and St. Philip and at the taking of New Orleans, 24 and 25 April 1862.
，排名由第6名滑落到第7名，失去了欧联杯的资格。 citation 然而，帕尔马后来由于拖欠税款，欧战资格被剥夺，都灵队得以递补参加欧联杯，20年后重返欧洲赛场。 citation citation 赛季中，都灵在2014年2月决定与文图拉续约，合同期至2016年6月。
He appears in all four acts.
㶲表示的是在环境条件下，能量中可转化为有用功的最高份额，或表示为在热力系只与环境相互作用，
Not have I acted deceitfully.
The Germans surrendered on 8 May 1945.
He attended great church councils that would not have taken place without his support.
The tone scale is a way to rate an emotion as bad, better, or good.
Now it is thought by the public to be one of David Lean's best movies.
Claudia Lösch, Markus Salcher, Nico Pajantschitsch, Roman Rabl and Simon Wallner were registered to start.
Some Greens sought to draft West to run as a presidential candidate in 2004.
Menopause is menstruation stopping at the age of around 45-70, which is caused by hormones.
She has participated in demonstration for Korea's democracy in the 1980s.
The U.S. Army 45th Infantry Division stand their ground at Anzio against violent assaults for 4 months.
，共2條乘車線，全站皆位於地面上。
Tawhid is the concept of God in Islam which says that only one God exists.
It also has Sterling Press and International Pipe.
They further predicted that five of the cyclones would make landfall on Southern China between May and August, while the other two would landfall between September and December.
，即“梵蒂冈事实上授意吉林代牧高德惠只能以东北诸教区长上的名义，而非圣座的名义与伪满政府交涉” citation 此外，相關根據也可見於天主教会内外以及2006年发表在乔瓦尼·科科（Giovanni Coco）的《圣座与满洲国（1932-1945）》（Santa Sede e Manciukuò (1932-1945)）一书中的大量一手历史档案文献中 《梵蒂冈的乱世抉择（1922-1945）》第138、222页，金城出版社，2009年1月 。
If a player makes a free-throw, he or she is awarded an additional point and an additional free-throw.
稚內北星學園大學（日語：わっかないほくせいがくえんだいがく）
It is part of the twin-city area with Marinette, Wisconsin.
It is one of the largest cities in Bangladesh.
ISBN 9780739380338 It is 10 hours and 50 minutes long.
She died in 1879.
Since their execution, the Twenty Martyrs have been a source of inspiration for thousands of young Armenians throughout the world.
Both the mother and the father help to raise their young pups.
The ducks get a llama to carry their baggage and supplies to build a camp.
Also, the spokes were so designed such that the face of a cell in a spoke saw the back of cells in another spoke.
According to the DSM-IV, the symptoms of DID are "the presence of two or more distinct identities or personality states" (which are often called "alters"), as well as forgetting things that people normally don't forget.
不過，七氧化二錸（Re 2 O 7 ）在360 °C左右昇華，所以會在放電過程中移去。
Curb Your Enthusiasm is an American comedy television show.
Retrieved on January 7, 2012.
Since this provision could only have applied to Truman, it was an obvious effort not to limit him.
Note that hapax legomenon refers to a word's appearance in a body of text, and does not talk about its origin nor how often it is used in speech.
The winner was crowned, escorted by attendants to a throne, and given not only what she wanted, but juicy prizes like high-end appliances, upscale fashions, and exotic vacation trips as well.
The song was written by DJ Mustard, Te Whiti Warbrick, Jon Asher, Melanie Fontana, Lewis Hughes, and Nicholas Audino, while DJ Mustard produced the song.
：Gelman图书馆，Jacob Burns法学图书馆，Paul Himmelfarb医学图书馆。
Many people eat molluscs, especially those people who live near the ocean.
Players get different and better weapons during play.
He was married to Martha Bucaram until his death in 1981.
Most of the time, they tell a story.
He beat out Eric Zomalt for a starting spot, which Dawkins never lost.
G.M.C. Balayogi Athletic Stadium was named in his memory.
As an example, sloth is about a person not helping those in need, even though they would be able to.
，此处曾建有一座桥，但具体形制和年代均已无从考证。
He is a three-time BDO World Champion and three-time World Masters champion.
The new trains also have wider doors for easier boarding and alighting (to descend or step down) of passengers to decrease the times that the trains have to wait at stations.
游戏获得30/40的总分，两名评测者打出7/10，两名评测者打出8/10。
The party is a member of the Progressive Alliance, and an associate member of the Party of European Socialists.
Unlike other concerts, which typically remain in a single genre of music or work of a particular artist, festivals often cover a broad scope of music and arts.
，尚有許多閩西客家後裔十分信奉。
Laiklik kavramının güç kazanmasını sağladı.
Two scuba divers are swimming through in a river in a place that is called Edge City, they find a old chest that is buried there so they open it which a green mask comes out of it, and starts flowing away.
He is known for his roles in Tarzan and the Mermaids (1948), The Evil Forest (1951), Action of the Tiger (1957), and in The Valley of Gwangi (1969).
It is also called the bridled weasel or big stoat.
"We can control the magnetism in just a narrow range of temperature without applying a magnetic field.
On July 17, 1916 the McLeod Prison Farm opened and continued until 1975.
He began his hockey career when he played for the Queensway Canadiens at Mimico Areana, the local arena in Mimico.
在內諸臣受其牢籠，知有嵩不知有陛下。
Tchaikovsky told his fellow musicians he was working on a "fantastic" ballet called The Nutcracker: "It's awfully fun to write a march for tin soldiers, a waltz of the flowers, etc."
With this kind of electricity, scientists could do a lot of "new" things.
利物浦职员：“迈克尔对比赛有与众不同的出色理解。
Deaths of tourists are a regular occurrences because many people are not well-prepared for their outback trip.
They are inherited automatic reactions or reflexes.
，迫使馬仲英改路，再令新疆省軍予以迎頭痛擊，一股肅清。
Cartes won the 2013 presidential election in Paraguay on 21 April 2013 and took office as President on 15 August 2013.
救援人员也向记者描述谭千秋遗体称：“我们发现他的时候，他双臂张开着趴在课桌上，身下死死地护着四个学生，四个学生都活了”；之后记者将谭千秋保护学生的事迹告诉谭千秋妻子张关容。
When Buffy switched networks in 2001, Angel aired in a number of different time slots.
Trackways are preserved at the Joggins Fossil Cliffs.
Harvey made another great discovery.
He said that they tried to remember that the "Kingdom Hearts characters were originally paintbrush art from Disney productions, a texture that was one of our original aims, and that it was time to return to that.
These writings are usually thought of as being one of the most important American works on politics and government.
设环 是主理想环， 和 为环中元素， 是它们的一个最大公约元，那么存在环中元素 和 使得：
They are thought to have originated when a keyboard was attached to a psaltery.
He then graduated from the Communist University of Peoples of the East in 1923.
William Caxton, who in 1477 started a printing company in England, produced the first printed poster.
Further, many bands are able to bypass this completely, and offer their music for sale via their own independently controlled websites.
Includes a bibliography of her work in English translation.
A nice 44 inch long Muskie.
He agrees to help them and makes new coins and new Zords for them.
Meryl Gordon is an American writer.
卡文迪什广场南侧是乔治·本廷克爵士（1802年至1848年）的铜像，由托马斯·坎贝尔于1848年竖立。
Wertham thought he saw hidden sexual themes in comics such as nude women hidden in drawings of muscles and tree bark.
The anime series ran for 151 episodes.
's novel The Pickwick Papers as one of Mr Pickwick's stopping places along what is now the A5 trunk road.
As of 2018, Ashkenazim are around 75% of the 14.6 million Jews of the world.
; 源田龍造（げんだ りゅうぞう）
Suspicious, Laurie goes over to the Wallace house, and finds the bodies of Annie, Bob, and Lynda in an upstairs bedroom, as well as Judith Myers' headstone.
They originate from the planet Gorgos.
It is involved in spatial memory and navigation in fishes, birds, reptiles, and mammals.
This edition was started in May 2003, and has over 169,000 articles.
But people did it because it was less dangerous than getting smallpox.
After Jon Stevens left, the other 5 members did a television show called "Rock Star INXS" to choose a permanent replacement for Michael Hutchence.
It aired on ABC over two nights on November 18 and 20, 1990, and was a major success for the network, attracting 30 million viewers in its premiere.
该市镇总面积35.62平方公里，2009年时的人口为1273人。
The Bank President has always been a US citizen chosen by the United States, the largest shareholder in the bank.
These attempts were ignored and rumored to have almost led to Taney's arrest.
The computer will think that the code is just comments, rather than actual code, but the programmer will still be able to see it and read it.
It meant attraction to all ages and species -
，並有權委派團員加入服務團的不同單位。
That stands for Master of Ceremonies.
The table can be sorted by clicking the up or down arrows.
由於美軍登陸順利，第61特遣艦隊司令弗萊徹在9日決定將其航母部隊後撤補油。
This gives Scotch whisky its distinctive smoky flavour, often called "peatiness".
Also called The Completed one (
Retrieved on January 13th, 2013 Through his comedy, he shows to everyone that it is sometimes in the most innocuous situations that people find the funniest facts of everyday life.
Images can be taken by moving the sensor electronically in step with this movement.
The southern part of the county also has U.S. Route 24,.
，故又稱截角三面體，另外，因為正三角柱具有對稱性，且由2種正多邊形組成，因此有人稱正三角柱為半正五面體。
At the Challenge, Jeff said that it would be both for Reward and Immunity.
The biggest complaint about the game was its technical problems.
Divided into 4 regions: North, East, West, and South.
Her parents are Geoff and Sylvia Noble.
Peter and Ruth went out.
之後陪審法官們便就被告的有罪與否進行投票，未經任何正式答辯。
因此请求元朝在此地设立行政区划。
This is a detail goes against details already given.
This was much less than that of the morning Sun.
Tekken 6: Bloodline Rebellion was supposed to be released on consoles instead of Tekken 6. It was supposed to be an upgrade of Tekken 6, having new fighting arenas, characters and more.
Sometimes backpackers book accommodations at low rate and stay as a paying guest while on a long journey.
Festivalde, Pacino'ya yönetmenliği için Glory sunuldu! ve film "Queer Lion" ödülünü kazandı.
In 1969, Gilbert was given Harvard's Ledlie Prize.
毋论此非郑，不从左氏富辰之言，而从《管蔡世家》之文，黜之于同母兄弟十人外，何哉？
That lets people float in the Dead Sea without any effort.
Attila bunun üzerine öğlene kadar saldırıyı erteledi.
Someone asks the loser: "What happened?"
The rules of succession were somewhat flexible at this time.
Sagaydak is married with five children.
Sword seems to have a personal sense of revenge against Kurohime.
黄雷基（1987年1月6日 － ），
摩洛哥海軍陸戰隊輕武器實彈演習期間使用的B&T MP9-FX。
The main sights are: the Protestant church of 1782, the former spa hotel Neuer Ochsen of 1796 and the Krone inn of 1781.
In 1408, Vytautas the Great gave the city Magdeburg Rights.
他意识到自己的朋友和他本人通过日常行为来支持这些法律。
大型設計雖在航海及執勤性能上，都遠勝小型設計，但整體可建造數量卻相對較少，且在戰後緊縮軍費的情況下難以建造。
He was found in a car in Philadelphia with cuts on his wrist and throat, aged 50.
The movie received negative reviews from critics.
Both of these can be accessed with special portals.
"Taps" is a song.
The dam has a capacity of convert.
This works when all people agree that peace is very important.
VHF was phased out by 1986.
That version doesn't have the cartoon voices of the other release.
He had hearing and seeing problems.
因此，這兩個角會相交於無窮遠線上。
Many people came to live in the Yukon during the Yukon Gold Rush of the 1890s.
Later that day, it was upgraded to Tropical Storm Oliwa (
Búri was born when the Divine Cow, Audhumla, licked him out of his icy prison.
Omega can be seen through binoculars or a small telescope.
People also remember her for conservative fashions.
Some were later overturned.
该市镇总面积18.35平方公里，2009年时的人口为312人。
，今柘皋一带为橐皋县，今巢湖以南为居巢县，也作居鄛，
Trekking her mevsimde yapılabilir ancak hava ve ortam şartlarına, uzunluğuna ve zorluk derecesine göre gerekli hazırlıklar yapılmalıdır.
This period started in August 1177 and ended in July 1181.
》後的主系列遊戲，其遊戲名稱的副標題不再以編號的方式命名。
He won the prize "for his development of theory and methods for analyzing discrete choice".
Michelle P Brown; Carol A Farr (London: Continuum International Pub. Group, 2005), p. 3 This is in contrast to Wessex where women rarely had an active role in the government.
The movie was Mills's third of six movies for the Disney Studios.
War in Algeria: The French Experience https://smallwarsjournal.
於是劉宣成為解元 《元明事類鈔·卷十二》：軍士第一 《續通考》：景泰元年，學士劉鉉主順天試，掲曉第一人劉宣，盧龍軍士也。
The heart must work harder.
Sephardi Jews, also known as Sephardic Jews or Sephardim (
After graduating from Tokyo Aoyama Normal School, he played for Tokyo Shukyu-Dan which was founded by his alma mater school graduates.
The remainder of the convoy departed that night, having unloaded all of the troops and about two-thirds of the supplies and equipment.
，力壓多家有意把它重建成豪宅的財團，
且从1月11日至1月15日，武汉新型冠状病毒肺炎人数一直停留在41人 citation 。
The Hall had been closed for a long time.
Eternal Silence is a monument in Graceland Cemetery to Dexter Graves.
Colleges are not required and are not forced by local laws.
Sometimes, there is a mutation (change) in cat families.
大会成立了全俄中央执行委员会，由101人组成，其中布尔什维克62名，左派社会革命党人29名，社会民主工党——国际主义者6名，其他党派4名。
Retrieved on 2006-09-29. webarchive However, it was criticised for having a loose plot (story) and weak characters.
Once again, the shortage of materials needed to build the plane as well as the continuing bombing of Germany meant that not as many Me-262s were built as Germany would have liked.
霍巴特大幅扩充了副总统的权力，成为总统的顾问，并在参议院议长的位置上起到了领导者的作用sfn。
The buyer would rush in and grab the slave or slaves that he wanted.
西克尔水库大坝出现险情，大坝上出现轻微裂缝及渗水点20多个，需要进行加固处理 citation 。
」另一名劫機客則回覆道「不，還不要。
，水量充沛，江內風平浪靜，適合巨輪停泊。
：“所有存在之物都是‘一’的变形”。
Libya'da kalanların sayısı ise onlarla ifade edilmektedir.
İskender Bey bu durum karşısında V. Alfonso'dan yardım talep edecek ve iki taraf arasında 26 Mart 1451 tarihli Gaeta Antlaşması imzalanır.
Of course, the word "gross" also means disgusting.
大約85%的奧羅莫語使用者生活在衣索比亞，其中大部分位於奧羅米亞州。
Ronald L. Dart, an important leader in CGI also left to start a church called Christian Educational Ministries (CGI).
The exam reduction is $22 per exam from College Board plus an additional $8 rebate per fee-reduced exam from the school.
Journalists blamed absinthe for many social problems.
Mummers were groups of people who performed religious plays.
Early in 1865 he joined up with three other men and formed his first gang.
金屬紀念碑如今豎立在這個地方，但實際的存放地點是在附近的灌木叢裡。
Secretariat Building is linked to another building called the Conference Building to the north.
They split in 2018.
He played 3 games for Japan until 1925.
，是印度國內一座重要的體育場 citation 。
The Dowles Brook flows through the heart of the forest, and the A456 road also runs through the southern edge of the woodland.
This repeats until there are as many elected candidates as necessary.
Sauber, a former privateer team, became more competitive.
After his retirement, he and former MP Philip Burdon were the two prominent campaigners for the restoration of ChristChurch Cathedral.
The quantity of lignin is probably the main factor in their hardness.
It is the most successfull club in Hong Kong.
Eserlerinde gülmenin güzelliğini, esaretin ne kadar kötü bir şey olduğunu anlatmaya çabalamış ve "iki kulaç derinlik" anlamında bir denizcilik terimi olan Mark Twain imzası ile 30 kitap yayımlamıştı.
The number that we have sold surprises me to death, and this is a good time for me to say thanks to those people who have it.
He is known for inventing machines, painting graffiti, and doing what he can to make his father proud.
不同文明之间的对话必须以团结不同宗教所宣传的价值观为基础。
His total earnings on the track were $1,491 ($ as of ). citation His highest speed index, or comparative rating of his speed, was AAA.
Only about 100 of them have paintings on the inside.
The modern metropolises are increasing day by day in this world since pre-21st century.
The Queen of Canada does not spend much time in Canada because she is also the Queen of several other countries.
參與月山家討伐戰被旧多當盾牌死亡，後來被嘉納改造復活過一段時間。
He was been in the Hollywood movie 硫黄島からの手紙 directed by Clint Eastwood He can play guitar and make own songs.
The largest specimen was about 1.8 metres (~6 ft).
It is however given much attention as its played between major clubs.
Evolution of the immun system: past, present and future.
直-20的海基型于2015年开始研制，2018年试飞成功，其总设计师为姜滨。 citation citation 为了上舰，直-20的海基版和陆基版有不少区别，就像尾桨下方安装的水平稳定器一样，其中心处有一个独特的缺口，
Périgueux is surrounded by the communes Château-l'Évêque, Champcevinel, Trélissac, Boulazac, Notre-Dame-de-Sanilhac, Coulounieix-Chamiers, Marsac-sur-l'Isle and Chancelade.
）的认可。 citation 其中 ars-（砷杂）是从英文 arsenic（砷）衍生出的前缀，-ole 是用于表示环元数为五的后缀，两者合在一起便得到 arsole。
因井旁曾有兩棵榕樹，故也稱「雙榕抱泉」 。
在系列中，常守朱最初是一位天真的新人監視官，但最終伴隨著經歷的累積而得到成長 。
He described his depression and anxiety in several talk shows, and stated that he sometimes feels very upset with himself.
For humans, and other animals which stand on two feet (
However, the Season 9 DVD from Amazon.
Cadmium is not used in the human body or any other animal.
However, it can be eaten all the year round.
In the 1990s, the Knott children sold the family business after Walter and Cordelia Knott died.
It told the history of the band from their beginnings in the early 1990s to the 2014 Grammy Awards.
G.O.的一部分带有イニシアチブ（先制攻撃）技巧的角色，
She spends the rest of her childhood looking for the peddler to try and get back her mother ring which he also stole that day she met him.
當地共有人口15134人，而人口密度為每平方千米人。
Shiva is also mentioned in Buddhist Tantra.
At the start of each quarter the team who has the possession arrow pointing towards their hoop gets the ball.
Sıcaklık değişimlerine ve soğuğa gayet dayanıklı olduğundan dolayı geçmişten günümüze kadar inşaat ve mimari alanlarda kullanılmıştır.
當時朝廷置校事，用以監察群下，高柔認為校事又不是在百官之上又非聽命於百官，
It is essential that the jacket and trousers should be made of the same cloth by the same tailors.
He was a professor at the Collège de France from 1981 to 1993.
"There Must Be Something More" is introduced in the story when Fern is learning about love from a little runt she saved from an "untimely death", when her father was about to "do away with it".
The museum do always show paintings and other art pieces by Sven Ljungberg and his wife Ann Margret Dahlquist-Ljungberg.
Fakir bir köylü kadının keçisinin ayağına bir zincirin takılması ile ortaya çıkan ve "Kumluca Definesi" diye tanınan define bu ören yerinde çıkmıştır.
冰康复后回到上海，却发觉自己爱上了华Dee。
在20世纪80年代出版、以欧洲语言寫成的非洲文学选集，甚至連专业期刊如《非洲文学研究》（Research in African Literatures）、《当代非洲文学》（African Literature Today）、《今日非洲》（Présence Africaine）和《加拿大非洲研究四月刊》（Canadian Journal of African Studies），也有同樣情況。
The districts are also divided into several municipalities.
On 3 January 2020, Wuhan police arrested him "making false comments on the Internet". citation Li returned to work but later suffered from the virus from an infected patient.
HMS Victory is the oldest ship still in use.
This is being talked about now and the whole longer line should be finished and running by 2012.
Seymour Topping (December 11, 1921 – November 8, 2020) was an American journalist.
The main difference between verbs and prepositions is that verbs have a subject.
」陳倉人舍媼逐二童子，童子化為雉，飛入平林。
While Charlot Kaské wanted to burn Croghan at the stake, White, Middle Ground, 305, note 70. Pontiac urged moderation and agreed to travel to New York, where he made a formal treaty with William Johnson at Fort Ontario on July 25, 1766.
Children with simple UTIs are often helped by a three-day course of antibiotics.
It is the largest river in Lithuania and the 3rd largest in Belarus.
北上於2013年11月18日 citation ，南下於2013年12月29日通車 citation ，
The road was authorised in 1829 and constructed in 1833 by the Metropolitan Turnpike Trust.
It is not uncommon for medical social workers to tackle cases involving homelessness, chronic unemployment, lack of income, lack of health insurance coverage, history of incarceration, and substance abuse problems.
In the final phase of British Period the Quit India Movement gained momentum with the slogan "Do or Die" in places like Tezpur, Sootea, Gohpur, Dhekiajuli and Jamuguri.
The church was opened on 1 December 1962.
With Goodman, he was one of the first black musicians to appear prominently with white musicians.
In May 2013, the first production commissioned and produced by the theatre under the artistic directorship of Sarah Brigham was Lee Hall’s Cooking with Elvis, directed by Mark Babych.
Buhara'da da can güvenliği kalmayınca gizlice babası Şahruh’un bulunduğu Herat’a kaçtı.
Saijo is famous all over Japan for its sake.
He also started a number of other projects.
Archaeology: life on the Costa del Cromer.
In the list below, the winner of the award for each year from 1990 to 1999 is given.
The District of Sason highlighted within the Batman Province.
The spleen also holds a supply of extra blood, in case the body needs some quickly.
Will finds Royal Pain outside.
Ideas about how children develop psychologically have changed over time.
This would divide the colonies.
The population was 183 at the 2010 census.
Taking advantage of the enormous number of recombinants that could be analyzed in the rII mutant system, Benzer was eventually able to map over 2400 rII mutations.
Milgram wrote about the experiment in his book Obedience to Authority: an experimental view.
They may be working in schools, in universities or even day care centers in order to educate students about hearing loss and prevention.
潘金莲是西门庆的第五个小妾，西门庆给潘金莲分配了一个丫鬟名唤龐春梅。
He is married to Christina Maslach.
二曰古历，以古法十九年为一章，一章之首，推合周历正月朔日冬至，前列算法，后以春秋十二公纪年，横列为四章，纵列十二公，积而成表，以求历元。
谭靖夷（1921年11月6日－2016年11月12日），
His career was short, as he retired in the 1970s, in order to focus on teaching mathematics at Harvard University.
Destinations with non-stop service from the airport.
Not only did they have medicinal values, they also are believed to have been used to ward off evil spirits and demons.
However, Anarcho-primitivists go beyond and apply this to all life, not just human life.
The name comes from the medieval-
The shrew has a lifespan of 15 months.
在鄉議局服務期間，他著手促進新界的地方發展，也為新界鄉民爭取權益。
After Henson's death, Kermit was played by Steve Whitmire.
But this does not always predict glycosylation.
They do not represent sounds, and are never used as word signs in writing a sentence.
It went to Afghanistan in 2001 and again in 2015.
The technology behind this has become more large and difficult over the years, making the puppets become real.
Western Sydney is the fastest growing part of the Sydney metropolitan area.
It sells men's, women's and children's apparel and shoes, toys, bath and beauty, accessories, and home products ranging from furniture to kitchen utensils.
）main、教育暨文化委員會主席main、環境委員會主席main應外交部邀請抵台訪問6天。
The at the end is what shows that we are integrating with respect to x, that is, as x changes.
刘其人、王兆相从承德赶回古北口的旅部时，
The state was created on the basis of the Odia language, encompassing the native speakers of the language.
The Queen is the patron of many organisations and charities.
寧德時代新能源科技股份有限公司創辦人兼董事长。
The green is the area near the hole where the grass is cut very short.
Then, Varig stopped flying, and it became known as another airline in 2007.
Dark blue is less than one standard deviation from the mean.
When the Hautes-Alpes department was created on 1800, the arrondissement of Briançon was part of that original department.
Examples of things that can be put over chest wounds are plastic wrap, aluminum foil, a hand with a medical glove on it, or special sticky plastic bandages (called occlusive dressings).
龚意农（1900年－1989年），原名积楷，字季模，男，
She and four others were chosen out of more than 400 other women to fly in space.
In a poisoning, medical help is often necessary; simply removing the victim from the gas is not enough to prevent symptoms.
Since Siberian tigers live in such cold regions, an adult needs to eat at least convert of food every day to survive, but adults can eat as much as 50 kilograms of meat.
But he played on a central role also under the acting Mayor Louise Schröder.
Before blooming, the petals are crumpled in bud, and as blooming finishes, the petals often lie flat before falling away.
She was one of the first black singers to enjoy an international career in opera.
Ekonomik ve eğitim imkanlarının kısıtlı olmasından dolayı başta İstanbul olmak üzere Türkiye'nin diğer şehirlerine yoğun göç vermektedir.
'in yenilgisi ve İstanbul'a gönderilmesi sonucu kuruldu.
Watson, John B. Psychological care of infant and child.
Unfortunately, researchers really underestimated just how hard some problems were.
Statistics South Africa had five racial categories by which people could classify themselves, the last of which, "unspecified/other" drew "not needed" responses, and these results were not counted.
When Helen was young, the Foster family moved a lot.
After some time, certain types of the toy are "retired" or no longer sold.
The regions are in charge of hospitals and health care.
Trolleybuses and trams, both powered by overhead electric wires, are the main form of transportation in Krasnodar.
After the "Restoration War" (1863 - 1865), some families from other towns near the Haitian border came to live in Bánica.
The games were thought to be successful.
Hall has donated his mayor’s salary to the Kern Community Foundation, which provides scholarships to local colleges, and to California State University, Bakersfield, for local students.
The town was built on the right (western) side of the mouth of the river Dulce (now also called Romana).
Only who is left."
However, on the video, it received many more dislikes than likes on the trailer.
Bu sırada aralarında yakın bir bağ olur ve sevgili olurlar.
Also, if anyone would like to edit, confront, or cooperate, I would greatly appreciate and respect your correspondence.
Chicago Sun Times Perkins doctors up career after `Big' break by Luaine Lee, August 30, 1991 She has one daughter, Hannah Phillips, born in 1991.
In 2008, a group of researchers discovered the phonautogram that was recorded on 9 April 1860.
Self-guided tour allows you to walk around the base of one of the dishes and see into the maintenance facility.
The movie got mixed reviews by critics.
Moreover she was the only woman who was executed within these proceedings.
Collectively these three were called "field officers".
Some cases of Dyslexia can be more damaging, commonly caused by a tumour in the brain which can result in lower cognitive function and in many cases, death.
It means its body is not specialized, and is relatively unchanged from whatever was the ancestral group.
伊斯蘭勢力入侵伊比利亞半島（711年－1031年）
无论是政治抑或军事方面，都无人受益。
The Independent, May 17, 1906 – as quoted and cited in: Giedrius Subačius (2006), Upton Sinclair: The Lithuanian Jungle.
The development of drugs is very important to medicine, but it also has strong economical and political uses.
Smiley Smile was not the great success that Wilson thought Smile would have been.
Romà Cuyàs i Sol (24 November 1938 – 27 December 2019), was a Spanish lawyer and sports and cultural executive.
He was lead singer of the Box Tops and Big Star.
Vajira marrieged aged seventeen years old, with Ajatashatru.
They released their third studio album "Demonocracy" on April 10, 2012.
对于这种情况，还是可能找到变通的方法的，但这取决于你控制的是网络的哪一部分。
同时，他还在该校经济学院任教，讲授管理与组织学，1989年创建管理与组织系，担任主任职务。
Boccaccio's poem was based on Roman de Troie by Benôit de Sainte Maure, Historia troiana by Guido delle Colonne, a similar story by Binduccio dello Scelto and Historia Troiae by Filippo Ceppi.
He works on inventions in his top-secret laboratory.
Topeka is at coord, in north east Kansas.
He fought in the raid on Lebanon in 1968.
This was because Apple's servers could not keep up with the number of people who are downloading the update.
Up to five players can play at a time.
It is composed of four parts.
The mothers keep three or four eggs warm.
身弱杀强，食神/伤官制杀则没有以印化杀理想。
He remembers it starting to rain during a game.
Kanal 1954 yılında başladı, 1,375 km uzunluğunda ve yılda 13–20 km 3 su taşıyor.
The wolverine’s thick, warm fur is used to manufacture the trim of a parka's hood or other winter clothes, as the dense guard hairs do not collect frost.
However, like Lenin, she had little sympathy for Marx's 'historicism' and denied that for a revolution to occur, capitalism would have to reach an advanced stage of development.
This picture shows the resources near Google.
When they leave for training camp, Jack mistakenly believes Sylvia prefers him; she actually prefers David and lets him know about her feelings, but is too kindhearted to turn down Jack's affection.
The show is a sports competition between very good athletes from different sports.
It has a large amount of the mineral talc.
Eserin İngilizceye tercümesi yapılmış ve "Endless Bliss" ismi verilerek Hakîkat Kitabevi tarafından beş cilt olarak bastırılmıştır.
The Masada was developed over the course of five months.
She was interested in sculpture, and was a notable architect.
The Ministry of Power and Energy is the responsible ministry above the CEB.
Australian magpies are from 37 to 43 cm long.
不過，在1920年，格非死亡，留下亨特與其他合作者繼續工作，直到1934年，亨特死亡。
Garry Wills (born May 22, 1934) is an American author, journalist, and historian.
These tortoises are capable of living over 100 years in the wild.
Apart from the religious ceremonies, Maya pyramids were used as landmarks to aid in navigation.
They are also known as multibase arithmetic blocks (MABs) or Dienes blocks after the Hungarian mathematician Zoltán Pál Dienes, who told others about using them.
為了說服黑塞哥維那人蘇丹會切實執行其承諾，備忘錄建議由列強領事監督在反抗省份的改革。
Hercules stops Hippolyta and realises that she is possessed by Hera.
He parted with his manager after a dispute about his cut of the take.
He has his a video game called Mike Tyson's Punch Out! named after him.
It is rarely spoken as its native speakers are very old.
The tar is often covered with water.
该部队成立的目的原本是与巴黎的部队进行协同进攻。
Tod's chapters focus on his life as a wild fox, avoiding death both natural and man-made while attempting to father kits.
Its highest peak is Tilla Charouni, in its eastern end, which is 1,604 metres tall.
他任该职务两年，对警察局的运作施行了激烈变革。
The mother also can gently guide the infant to latch on to the nipple.
A phylogenetic representation of Nostratic as proposed by Bomhard.
Bu sıralama 23 Mayıs 2005'teki 15.likten bu yana en yüksek sıralaması oldu.
準噶爾中有此部落(多果鲁特)，
The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas: Basgora, Chotala, Dabran, Danna Nooral, Faqir Mohammad, Gali Batgran, Karkaki, Langrial, Lassan and Manjia.
A sieve as it is commonly used in the kitchen.
Their chronological position is uncertain.
It was once commercially dependent on fishing but fishing has declined and the town is now primarily a holiday resort.
Pejčinović Burić Altıncı Meclisi sırasında daha önce Parlamento Üyesi olarak görev yapmıştı (2008-2011).
She finds out that the peddler was actually a gnome who only wanted to get the wand in the first place.
這種攻擊也發生在代碼透過多框架注入，肇因於腳本並不確認來自多框架的輸入 citation 。
After the death of his mother in 1778, his father sent him to Hawkshead Grammar School.
She was promoted to 7-dan from 6-dan in occasion of her player retirement in 2000 She was promoted to 8-dan from 7-dan in occasion of her death.
They eat insects in their habitat.
By 11 a.m. EDT on Sept. 20, the National Hurricane Center issued their final warning on Julia.
目前还不清楚囚犯们是否同意死后器官被摘取 citation 。
It was first used in the 1960s.
The body will not take up more iron than it needs, and it usually needs very little.
Different levels mean scientists must wear different uniforms and take special care when dealing with dangerous things like viruses.
Seçime katılım oranı 84.59% olup toplam seçmen sayısı 4,283,392'dir.
The Wikimedia Foundation was given money to make it easier for people to use their websites.
French actress Isabelle Nanty is his cousin.
He also won two runner-up titles in 2006 and 2009.
A philosopher who approached technology from a deterministic viewpoint.
The pro-slavery people left when they saw free-state people coming with guns.
This goal is the first goal for Japan in the history of the World Cup.
技术在政治和经济的意义上并不是价值中性的、超阶级的工具元素，而是为了满足某些社会集团和统治阶级的利益需求，并对技术的使用者发生主动的引导作用。
But factories demanded that people work hard jobs for long hours.
These racist laws became known as Jim Crow laws.
He improved the collections to make them amongst the best in the world.
There are also Tennessee Red and Tennessee White types.
The Liberty Herald endorsed Hornberger December 29, 2019. citation The Libertarian Party Mises Caucus endorsed Hornberger January 7, 2020.
This would also explain why Moctezuma treated the Spanish so well.
They were held every four years until the 6th century AD.
Why won't you eat?"
He was cast as the character "foreman" in the 2013 movie 47 Ronin.
Basement rock is too infertile to be farmed, but provides sporadic forest cover that can be grazed by animals.
艾黎与何柯陵园的历史年代为现代 citation 。
It then passes through the downtown core and financial district before heading east, towards Bedok and Tampenies and the Singapore Expo.
相對的，能同步進行智慧型手機或平板電腦，
A 1-up mushroom known as "Extra Mario Mushroom" or "Toad" can only be found by Fire Mario.
The movie was released on October 13, 1989.
Scientists believe the temperature is 1 K (
That shows the intermediate stages were at no particular disadvantage.
：俗稱「木柵動物園」，為臺灣最大的動物園。
Before then, some of these provinces were together but were broken.
They can spend this money on anything, without restriction.
In Puerto Rico, moderate rainfall caused one death.
Of that, convert is land and convert (0.9%) is water.
France, England and United States were interested in the Samaná Bay (with the Samaná Peninsula) during the 19th century to control the Caribbean.
The movie starred Terry Norris as Luther.
Big Daddies are hard to kill and they can kill the player quickly, but most Big Daddies will never attack the player unless the player attacks them first.
Shackled in chains, Kong is taken to New York City and presented to a Broadway theatre audience as "King Kong, the Eighth Wonder of the World."
Usually it does not stay below 0 °F (−18 °C) for many days at a time.
事後，被小野輝騎叫來訊問，還被大谷 健揍一拳。
Eski tarihçilerin hepsi Claudius'u sık sık aldatan Messalina'nın nemfomanyak olduğunda birleşirler.
Tel Aviv is the Gay capital of Israel.
She was a Senior Lecturer in Philosophy at Newcastle University.
Channel show, with Jennifer Winget.
The following day, the prime minister ordered the closure of all non-essential public places, including restaurants, cafés, cinemas and nightclubs, effective at midnight.
She was a member of the Italy women's national volleyball team.
She also did "I Can't Imagine".
On December 1st, 2009 RCA/Jive released American producer Brad Walsh's remix of the song "For Your Entertainment" on iTunes on Adam Lambert's "Remixes" EP.
However, as simple as the concept is, the build-up is very mesmerizing (or fascinating), to say the least.
Valentina Tăzlăuanu (5 January 1950 – 3 June 2020) was a Moldovan essayist, journalist and theatre critic.
"She will launch there and then tour five other Madame Tussauds attractions in the US."
Its name changed again in 1953, this time to the current name Air India.
The grammar is based on the dialect of Darrang district.
平日的神圣礼仪（Divine Liturgy）在早上7:00和晚上18:15舉行，而在主日则是早上10:00和12:00舉行。
In the 2010/11 season he was the best scorer for Red Bull Salzburg with 18 goals in the league and 4 goals in international matches.
；中间自然形成一齿轮，象征基础科学凝聚、派生的技术科学的推进作用。
It was released on September 20, 2019.
一般有调节开关，可以用于调节是不是有冲击功能。
，以發表有關韓國學和日韓關係的文章和書籍聞名。
Robosexuality can be used an an umbrella term to descibe the sexual atraction to robots of any kind, whether they are humanlike or not.
His body was made ready for the trip home.
The first three were added to the list in 1983 and the latest in 2011.
Examples are the Lindeberg and Lyapunov conditions.
The next day she remembers nothing.
Angusht finished second in 1998 and third in 2000, and in 1995 they managed to win their Second Division zone to get another promotion.
Michael killing the dragon with his lance, and St Bartholomew, the patron of church and town.
The blood is forced to flow to the brain.
Example: I hate you! may contain unspoken implications, according to circumstance and tone of voice.
奖金：冠军获得30万人民币，亚军15万元，4强败者8万元，8强败者5万元，总奖金81万元。
Women would add extra hair collected from cows, horses, or other people.
本剧改编自开心麻花话剧《李茶的姑妈》，话剧改编自英国电影《main》，但剧情走向及主角们的最终感情归属略有不同。
Hyderabad City Taluka is an administrative subdivision (
Yunancada Daimon olarak yazılır ve ilahiyat, güç anlamına gelir.
，单打能力得到长足进步的曹燕华已成为国家队的重要一员，她首先与队友再夺女团冠军，其后又打进了女单决赛，
He is so tired that he does not know that little fauns are playing with his weapons.
伍德罗·威尔逊大桥鸟瞰图，2012年。
He is now a college student majoring in percussion.
Tyler County has a total area of 936 square miles.
The understory is made up of smaller trees, vines and shrubs.
Fishing Company had a base at Portland Bay.
In the majority of cases it is common for it to be sub-divided into a senior (first lieutenant) and junior (second lieutenant) rank.
Signs of rabies include foaming at the mouth, self-mutilation, growling, jerky behaviour, and red eyes.
It is an updated version of Vũ Văn Kính’s 1971 work.
初期运行区间为百崎回族乡-惠安客运南站。
Podocarpus National Park is in the province.
He had Cynthia cremated even though her parents did not want him to.
In Carpi, Manutius grew close with his student, Alberto Pio.
Its function is dispersal and reproduction.
The term "China syndrome" refers to a scenario, not meant to be taken literally, where a reactor core could melt through the Earth "all the way to China".
》《知識王》是由台灣研發與製作的手機應用程式，主要是玩家與另外一名玩家連線，比看看誰答題快又正確。
The Western part, the Duchy of Pomerania, was declared part of the Holy Roman Empire (1181).
Quinnipiac is home to the Quinnipiac University Polling Institute.
By the Graeco-Roman era, many of them were healers, and were said to have many other powers, including explaining dreams and the power to control the weather by braiding or combing their hair.
This is the best League of Amateur-football in Switzerland.
The reason why this is incorrect is that light, for example, has no mass, but has energy.
Yuki is at first happy about knowing his own future, but a girl in his school named Yuno Gasai reveals she also has a Future Diary.
The Virginia Company was later dissolved in 1624.
Martínez started his professional career at Victoria and made his debut on 25 November 2000 against Deportes Savio.
He was the seventh Bishop and the first Archbishop of Galveston-Houston from 1985 to 2006.
由於企業號艦齡已高，維修費用不斷上升，
While being Japan's oldest man he was most bedridden.
In the Southern Hemisphere, the traditional roast dinner is often replaced with cold cuts of meat, and served with salads.
Judy Farrell (born March 1, 1938) is an American actress.
Another 3.6% of the population follows the native Kirant religion.
Some newly freed black slaves won elected offices.
National Center for Atmospheric Research (2008).
A burnt out shell of a large English stately home, famous for its gigantic fountain, now restored to working order.
Southland is an American crime drama television series that aired on NBC for one season from April 9 to May 21, 2009, and then on TNT for four seasons from March 2, 2010, to April 17, 2013.
There's no way out.
戰國時期的《孫臏兵法．十陣第十六》：「凡陣有十：有方陣，有圓陣，有疏陣，有數陣，有椎形陣，有雁形陣，有鈎形陣，有玄疑 此字原文為"羽襄"，疑的意思 陣，有火陣，有水陣。
Max did some of his most important work after winning the Nobel award, and is still held in the highest esteem.
He became well-known as the medical director of Women's Health Care Services, one of only three clinics nationwide to provide late-term abortions at the time.
He was appointed as the first Minister of Emergency Management in March 2018.
Yüzölçümü 446.08 km² olan şehrin nüfusu 2003 yılı itibarı ile 138,012'dir.
All of the colors are brighter.
'da doğaçlama oynanan maskeli bir halk tiyatrosudur.
Singh became the Chief Minister of Himachal Pradesh for the first time in April 1983 and held the post until March 1990.
Urartu topraklarına dahil edildi.
Number 10 is over 300 years old and has about 100 rooms.
Columbia'da oturumlarının çoğunu gelecekteki kayınbiraderi olan John Hammond yaptı.
She is of Afro-Panamanian, English, German, Irish, Mexican and Scottish descent.
Krishna emphasizes one must understand the difference between these two.
滤管蛤科Aspergillum的一种。
It re-opened under the name of the Théâtre Musical de Paris in 1980.
Inter Milan, futbolcuyu alma hakkına da sahip olacaktı ancak 30 Ocak'ta Milano ekibinin sağlık testlerini geçemeyince anlaşma sağlanamadı.
Fyodor'un çocuğu olmaması nedeniyle tahta kimin geçeceği anlaşmazlıkları çıktı.
There is one called the drum plotter.
It was one of the first organizations of women who wanted social reform.
，希臘女演員、歌手、政治人物（1994年去世）
It was on television from 2001 to 2002.
在將軍澳站啟用初期，車站已為未來上蓋物業預留一個出入口，而該預留出入口左右兩旁曾為自動售票機的位置（現已改建為商鋪）。
版本0至3不是保留就是没有使用。
It can be pedaled, run from the battery, or both.
Winning the relay was her third gold medal.
It’s that you treat me just like an equal.
At the age of 15 she gained recognition with her first recording, Alsou.
、十二屆省轄市市長，多次任期累計約11年餘，為實施地方自治時期（1951年－2010年）任期最長的民選省轄市市長之一。
Harry should completely trust the Professor, but his usual way of dealing with adults is to tell them lies or hide things from them.
The following table shows some of the nominations and wins for Adela Noriega.
While a limit cannot be reached, it can be approached to get a more accurate output value.
，她的父亲是俄罗斯籍、母亲是比利时人 citation （荷兰文） 。2014年2月21日，她因自然原因去世，死于医院，享年104岁 。
The Monarch leaves the coronation wearing the Crown, carrying the Scepter, and holding the Orb.
The mite is very small and usually not directly visible.
"How Deep It Goes" and "(Love Me Like Music) I'll Be Your song."
The air force operates all aircraft of the Canadian Forces, including the helicopters of the army and the navy.
In 1878 Norton became the county seat.
Jessica Gallagher and her guide skier Christian Geiger won Australia's other medal in 2014.
He was a founder of Hyundai automobile, Hyundai construction company, Hyundai heavy industry and many Hyundai group companies.
There is a Buddhist monastery Kharagiin monastery in a pretty log cabin in the older part of the town.
The show was cancelled in March 1977.
He often got sums of money from rich people who liked his music.
This was the period called the “
The series begins with Swallows and Amazons, published in 1930.
The first known extensive dromaeosaur trackway was found in Shandong, China.
Most of the adolescents who painted were male, but some were female.
歐洲綠鸕鶿的尾巴有12條羽毛，普通鸕鶿則有14條羽毛。
His instruments are generally better than his father's.
The song mentions Van Diemen's land: "subtracting till my fingers dropped; into Van Diemen's Land".
On November 10, 1991, Afflis died from internal bleeding.
It took place from July 14 to July 17, 1980.
It empties into the Pa Sak River.
These laws help Jews keep Shabbat as a holy day.
The newspaper’s circulation grew.
Sauber ended the season with twelve points, seventh out of the thirteen original entries.
沈瑞舟虽为武将，却工画，尤善绘花鸟，
False titles of nobility are titles of nobility which are fake.
Titsingh died in Paris (February 2, 1812), and he is buried in Père-Lachaise cemetery.
，當時的南非政府視該組織為非法組織。
He was in charge of one of the academy's two schools of painting.
His reign was marked by a long period of peace and tranquility.
Meanwhile, Maximus and the thugs free Flynn, who rides back to the tower, and enters, where he discovers Rapunzel has been chained and gagged.
There are numerous smaller wrecks throughout the lake.
，朝鮮王國也改為大韓帝國，而後与日本签订《乙巳条约》，
The poem by Francisco de Sá de Meneses tells about the batles of Malacca.
。 citation 不過他在那裡的打擊率只有1成03。
，邦莫达则不甘示弱地抛出指控反击，声称自己曾目睹苏建祥召妓，高喊：“你去妓院！
Like with depression and generalized anxiety disorder, SSRIs are not a cure; people need to participate in counseling and other treatments too.
，版本号2.0-2.1，于2009年10月26日发布，它基于上一代版本Android Donut开发。
在遊戲中，玩家將穿插在各個戰士的故事中，
The importance of visual input for balance is illustrated by its being harder to stand on one foot with eyes closed than with eyes open.
After the referendum, Trudeau acted upon his promise by calling together the provincial premiers in a first ministers' conference.
In 2010, 102 people lived there.
Tıp Ödülü verildi.
Unutulmaması gereken en önemli hususlardan birisi de SDS'nin bu faaliyetlerine birçok Sırp ordu ve hükûmet yetkilisi muhalefet etmiş, o zor koşullara rağmen görevlerini bırakmışlardır.
In 1991, all ShowBiz and Pizza Time stores re-branded as "Chuck E. Cheese's Pizza" and in 1998 SPT changed their corporate name to "CEC Entertainment".
Its cover of the water can double in 48 hours.
Some of the games were different from their NES versions.
其他三種合金是近代才開始的研究，由於其金屬的活性，需要利用電解方式才能提煉純金屬。
Russell was known as "Lord John Russell", which is called a courtesy title.
The show got a complete series DVD collection at the Warner Bros. website in 2018.
His father was the General director of an important bank.
This made them a little famous and they made a major debut next year.
Most of the Tamil people are Hindus.
It now seems that the disruption of long distance trade cut easy supplies of tin, making bronze impossible to make.
The total number of state members is capped by the Reapportionment Act of 1929.
但中國民间习俗講究全屍，地方官除非迫不得已，一般不愿意施行剖尸、蒸骨、开棺验尸等破坏性检验。
Bulbs often function in reproduction by splitting to form new bulbs or producing small new bulbs termed bulblets.
The clock is purchased on the morning of the grandfather's birth and works perfectly for 90 years, requiring only that it be wound at the end of each week.
Sievers debuted in the major leagues on April 21, 1949.
It has also been called the Thunderdome.
After leaving Alias in 2003, Cooper guest-starred on the short-lived TV series Miss Match, and later returned twice to Alias to reprise his role in guest appearances.
彭寵叛亂時，耿況仍然忠於劉秀，派兵協力擊破叛軍。
Roy Sweezy and Captain Fisher, were killed in the rescue.
"At Microsoft you always wonder, 'Is it me being successful or is it Microsoft?'
After the war there were thousands of brevet officers.
Hortense, who was opposed to the marriage, was convinced by her mother to marry Louis for the sake of the family.
New York: Bibliographical Society of America, 30-32.
Marsa, he won the 1989–90 Tunisian Cup.
Ziff-Davis Publishing Co., Inc. 1974, p. 267. "There are three classifications into which the intelligence community officially divides clandestine broadcast stations.
They dug an underground room to try and get away from the heat.
而部分吉隆坡一带的旅巴业者也拒绝载送武汉或湖北的游客。
区部并非固定不变，而是根据标示的变动而变动。
Spiritual successors still have the same elements, themes, and styles as the first.
Yönetmen Walter Salles'in belgeselcilikten geliyor olması nedeniyle filmin arka planıyla Brezilya'nın gerçekliğini incelikli bir şekilde anlatması beğenilmiştir.
A new school building behind the old one opened in 2001.
Sometimes parents might think talking about sex is inappropriate or that it is automatically encouraging their children to have sex, so they avoid talking about it entirely.
All the flowers grow at the end of its shoot in a large bunch made of multiple hands with individual fingers (the fruits).
Although his convocation for Japan decreased due to the schedule, he played as regular player when he was elected Japan.
Digital cameras sometimes have a function called digital zoom.
She also starred as Laura in Reunion in Reno and as Ellen in You Never Can Tell (both 1951).
Baleen is believed to have evolved around thirty million years ago, possibly from a hard, gummy upper jaw, like the one a Dall's porpoise has.
The song was certified Gold after seven weeks with sales of over 7,500.
Some people who do not live in the western part of the Netherlands do not like it when people call the country Holland.
Jacob Tremblay (main; born October 5, 2006) is a Canadian child actor.
These states did not often work together and war raged.
Over three days he signals his penitence in the snow, barefoot and wearing a sack cloth, leading to a reconciliation with Pope Gregory VII.
中共十六大至十九大代表，十八大新闻发言人，中共第十八、十九届中央委员。
她还在联合国赞助支持的人权电影节上向奥黛丽·赫本颁发追认人权奖。
The movie was released in the United States on November 15, 2019.
The most important protected areas in the province are the Scientific Reserve Ébano Verde (Reserva Científica Ébano Verde) and the Scientific Reserve Valle Nuevo (Reserva Científica de Valle Nuevo).
What is presumably a Lance of Longinus is hurled down towards earth and ends up impaling Unit 01, halting Third Impact.
Sky1 was renamed again in 2008.
The current gardens is still known as The Forbury.
聖女貞德，出自1505年的手稿。
该市镇总面积9.31平方公里，2009年时的人口为131人。
His song was called Cara al Sol.
See the respective team articles for more information.
The surname Fitzroy is Norman-French for 'son of the king'.
Fakat bir molla tarafından 1800'lü yılların en sonlarında Erzincan Kemaliye ilçesinden getirilen saf Türk-Türkmen aileleri köye yerleştirilmiş ve Rumlar, Ermeniler ve Türkmenler ayrı mahallelerde yaşamaya başlamışlardı.
The academy sponsors 33 varsity sports teams and 12 club sport teams.
He also starred in Hot Summer Nights and Lady Bird.
The newly created state of Haiti became officially independent on January 1st,1804 following the capitulation of the French troops at the Battle of Vertieres of November 18,1803.
與夜叉和乾達婆並稱「天下三絕艷」。
A button can have three meanings.
The population was 3,971 at the 2010 census.
However one bloody scene was not cut from the cut version.
正式的統計是包括美國50個州和華哥倫比亞特區。
Its name is shortened from "Luyan Liangshan" (闾阎良善, meaning "good for living place").
外星人的祖先在三億年前生活在地球上，後來因為環境惡化而被逼遷往另一星球，但那裡的環境原來比地球更糟，他們想返回地球，卻無能為力，現在他們當中有幾個人來到地球，打算消滅人類，讓同胞遷回地球。
In 2017, 7,041 people lived there.
Twenty‐year survivors of heart transplantation at Stanford University.
O sezonun Cumhurbaşkanlığı Kupası'nda lig şampiyonu Fenerbahçe ve kupa şampiyonu Galatasaray Ankara 19 Mayıs Stadı'nda karşı karşıya geldi.
Until around 1500 he lived and worked in Mantua, but sometimes he went to other towns when he was in trouble.
They were even all the same color – black.
When the Nazis captured soldiers from Western Allied countries, they almost always sent them to prisoner of war camps, not concentration camps.
A notable recent collaboration is with composer Gediminas Gelgotas.
隨後在名人賽決賽中對決大竹英雄，這也是5年內的第4次對決。
The arrondissement of Valenciennes was created in 1824.
與其他超巨星不同，儘管維斯特盧1-
Malenko was known by the nicknames "The Man of 1,000 Holds" and "The Iceman" due to his technical wrestling ability and his cold and calculating demeanor.
綜合上述，若時域取樣間隔 時，同樣地，頻域取樣間隔 時，得泊松求和公式 。
Eyes show a wide range of adaptations to meet the requirements of the organisms which bear them.
; and to the west Russange also in the Moselle department.
Performing as the Lickle Rinsers Crew, they released the singles "Bad Man Riddim" and "Life Is Getting Sicker by the Day".
He was a journalist from the late 1930s until the early 1960s.
İkilinin arasındaki ilişki zaman içerisinde gelişerek romantik bir hal alır.
However, if we assume the smaller specimen was a juvenile, then there are other slightly smaller species.
He served on the New Orleans City Council as a member at-large from 1966 to 1970.
He used to be a singer from 2010 until 2012 and again has had a new career since January 2015.
The Messiah Foundation International claims that he merely disappeared.
Gorsuch was Bush's fifth appointment to the Tenth Circuit.
The sound effect comes from a series of sound effects made for the 1951 movie Distant Drums.
威廉·萊特認識了安娜·洛伊·瓊斯（1838/1839年－1923年），安娜·瓊斯是一名當地教師，
……從今，食此四種肉，突吉羅。
If this part of the program tries to do anything that could be bad or harmful, the anti-malware program will not let the program run.
He is also known as Donatello and for his brilliant battle skills was nicknamed “Napoleon of the brigands”.
All 16 passengers and crew on board are killed.
Some local authorities have even set up public cooling centers for the benefit of those without air conditioning at home.
She was also one of 16 finalists for the Western Australian Indigenous Art Award in 2011.
尽管《main》（1978年）和《main》（1979年）
The male literacy is 81%, and female literacy is 73%.
，但随后華為方面否認了這一說法 citation 。
As the village grew, some of its residents moved out to found new villages in Alikovsky (Small Melesh (or Pavlooshkan'), Toropkasy, New Selo (now it's Azamat), Khitekooshkan', Khoravary) and Krasnochetaisky (Melesh) Districts.
It was also named Kafan and Madan.
She graduated in 2012.
He was elected to the Federal Council on 13 December 1888 and died in office on 22 October 1902.
事发后，网络上出现了诸多流言，如“学生家长下跪”、“群众在温江政府门口与保安对峙、冲击政府”、“学生家长跳楼死亡”、“警察打死维权家长”、“事件爆发始于家长卧底学校”等，后均被成都网警辟谣 citation 。
此新 和原本的 相似，因為在兩個三角形中都有一個直角（這又是由於「高」的定義），而兩個三角形都有 這個共同角，由此可知第三隻角都是相等的。
犯下轻叛逆罪的男性会被捆住在马路上拖行并绞死，女性则会被main。
This constitution also failed because of unresolved conflict between the two sides.
These orders were worth $72.2 billion, and the number of orders is a new record in aviation.
SSCB-ABD arasında oynanan telsiz Maçında 3.Masada oynadı.
尽管《Rogue》迟迟没有开源 BSD v4.3（1986） 之前 Rouge 都没有开放源代码 ，導致基于原始游戏的二次开发变得十分困难，它的爆红还是引发了开发其他类似游戏的热潮。
This area has become more and more international.
The twist in the crepe yarns puckers the fabric in both directions.
He then worked with Disney UK for a while before getting hired to play Fabian Rutter on House of Anubis.
Karachi has many large and small shopping areas including the Saddar area in downtown Karachi.
Tomfinlogh is the oldest known settlement in the region of Newmarket-on-Fergus.
Phoenix, 2008 yılında beklenmedik bir şekilde oyunculüğü bıraktığını ve rap müzisyeni olarak kariyerine devam edeceğini duyurmuştur.
; nuclear and non-nuclear energy projects and oil/gas pipelines.
These are usually simple objects.
The county has a total area of convert.
Mortality immortality?: the legacy of 20th-century art.
The movie is about a man who has spent his whole life married to a rich old woman, and must learn to make it on his own when she kicks him out.
A lagoon is a body of salt water partly separated from the sea.
These estimates are very different for many reasons.
The band didn't tour for Dirt very long because of Staley's drug addiction.
Oyun konsolu tanımı ise tüm tüketicilerin sahip olabileceği seri üretim ürünleri tanımlar.
There is a basketball club in a high school.
Then some people tried to get a new rival for Piccinni: they invited Sacchini to Paris.
Southern Florida does not have four separate seasons.
They won the American League game pennant, replacing the previous winners, Cleveland Indians.
With 74 goals for Salzburg and 43 for Rapid he is one of the best scorers in Austrian football history.
From Monet to Cézanne: late 19th-century French artists.
The Beagles are covered with chocolate and Scrooge apologizes to his nephews for not believing them.
The movie is based on a novel of the same name.
States can make laws about things inside the state, but federal law is about things dealing with more than one state or dealing with other countries.
It was then announced as an annual event.
Southeast of the Atlas mountains, near the Algerian borders, the climate becomes very dry, with long and hot summers.
He was married to Judith Obermayer and had three children.
Their loss of hair allows them to sweat easily, and their spears give them a way to kill prey at the end of the hunting.
In 1886, she got an English teaching job at the Public Teacher’s College of Sapporo.
He was the Chairman of Rothschild & Cie Banque (Paris) from 1995 to 1999.
，計畫興建各種修練道場、式典場和運動場。
Fkat tam o soyunurken saat çalar ve karısı öfkeli bir şekilde uyanır.
As a result, Wulfred was relieved of many of his duties by the pope.
His first significant foray was the creation in 1966. citation A movie financier, he was known for financing the movie Butterfly starring his ex-wife Pia Zadora.
When earlier elected as Lieutenant Governor, he was the first African American elected to statewide office in Virginia.
The apparent agreement between Adams and Clay was used to show the corruption of the system that ignored the will of the people.
井上朝日（1981年7月17日 － ）
It once housed the rulers of Ulster.
」既發璽書，王令曰：「當奉還璽綬為讓章。
He made himself an indispensable friend of the United States, not primarily by the power he represented but by the quality of his thinking.
She loved her husband a lot and gave him four children.
Antiplatelet drugs are commonly used in the prevention of strokes and heart attacks.
It has a total area of convert, citation but the total land area, without the parts that are in the sea, is convert.
It takes up less space than polynomial long division.
She wanted equal access for female war correspondents.
Onam is the most popular festival in the state of Kerala, India.
When he reaches her, he embraces her with a passionate kiss, indicating that he fell in love with her, and she with him.
The scribe Ahmose writes this copy.
Under the influence of rhythm and song, a group dances, often for hours at a time.
Baking powder is a mix of a powdered acid and sodium bicarbonate.
The team is owned by Vivo Chennai south distributor Selvakumar M. citation.
Supporter groups include the "Dark Hooligans", "Renegatii" and "BT Pride".
Two large steam ships have sunk after hitting the Hyppolyte Rocks off the east coast - the Tasman in 1883 and the Nord in 1915.
As of 17 November 2017, the Kingdom was dissolved, per the decision made by the Australian people to legalize gay marriage.
It became the first number one song for both groups and topped many online charts.
Kulenin zemin katı sundurma görevi görmektedir.
Two other species of raccoon, the crab-eating raccoon (P. cancrivorus) and the Cozumel Island raccoon (P. pygmaeus), are extremely similar to the common raccoon.
In more advanced species, the first five abdominal segments are often fused into a dorsal shield called the scutum, which is normally fused with the carapace.
An AK-47 removed from a fallen opponent is fully automatic, more powerful, but less accurate than his M16.
Boğaziçi'nin derinliği günümüzde 36 metreden 124 metreye kadar değişirken (ortalama 65 metre) günümüz Karadeniz kıyı şeridi derinliğinden 30 metre daha düşük olduğu ölçülmüştür.
For the violinist, see Albert Spalding (violinist).
Bramhin in origin,and took up artisan tasks are predominantly found in South Indian States.
，雷德得以擊敗怪獸，但這場戰鬥對城市造成嚴重傷亡。
He says that he is now in good terms with the members.
It suggests that she regularly goes to school.
Raphael Sommer, her only child, was a cellist and conductor.
Accordingly, (1) and (2) can be safely interchanged with one another.
His best-known play is La Cantatrice Chauve (The Bald Soprano).
In 2001 there were 1003 people living in Rawreth.
Super Junior MTV Europe Music Awards’da ‘’Best Asian Act’’ kategorisine aday gösterilerek bir kere daha bütün dünyadaki popülaritesini kanıtladı.
A few weeks later Jones was found dead in his swimming pool.
His best move was called the "Dream Shake".
The SR-71 program was retired from service in 1998.
早期作法是：豎四根長度三丈六的原木代表恆春城內四座古城，原木上塗滿易滑的牛油，下舖防護網、地板鋪細沙，防止意外。
Kütahya’da uzun bir zamandan beri devam edegelen bir oyundur ve çocuklar tarafından Ramazan ayında oynanır.
覺岸寺首席牧師青山秀泰關青，前往美國觀察北美的宗教情況，
The winner was 30-year-old Lisa D'Amato.
Because of the mountains, the soldiers found it very difficult to get help to the rural areas.
The stadium was demolished in 2015, and a new stadium will be built which will hold 12,000 people.
These hares often congregate in groups of up to 200 individuals.
這些資料將會是了解火星過去和現在地質作用和環境的關鍵。
Kutbeddin Şirazi 7 Şubat 1311 yılında Tebriz'de öldü.
埃图胡 或譯 艾度曉（Etuhu），可指下列人物：
The more we have a commodity or a service, the less we want to have more of it.
Because of the wet weather on the coast, these mountains get a lot of snow.
She meets Ray-Ray Perkins, a local mechanic.
Güneyinde Afyon-Çalışlar, güneybatısında Uşak-Çiftlik köyü vardır.
After leaving military service in the air force in 1947, he established himself as a stage actor.
This song gave them the opportunity to go on the MTV raps show and this was the first step to glory for him.
玩家将能够访问的现实世界的位置，同时施放咒语，寻找神秘道具，
The main campus is in the Woodhouse area of Leeds, close to Leeds City Centre.
He was also a football manager.
The show's producers chose to use an instrumental version.
It is located at the Singapore Conference Hall since 2001 after the revamp of the building.
One reason is the loss of habitat, which means that koalas have less space to live.
At the beginning of the book we can find a list of the main characters and a dictionary of abbreviations.
At that time this city was known as Panchal.
Unfortunately, Mr. Blum was allergic to all of the samples.
He began touring Europe in 1873.
There are 16 species of Clione.
Meanwhile, your friend Rory saw that you happened to be running at 5 mph.
The town of Diego de Almagro has 8,192 inhabitants.
It was originally released on her album Ladies of the Canyon.
The tournament had 12 teams.
His usual phrase is "SUPA!"
During the festival, people of Andro village, wear black clothes as a custom.
Methanol provided a safer alternative to gasoline.
Usually, people's minds focus almost completely on the pleasure of the orgasm, and become less aware of what is going on around them than usual.
各個動詞的長度不限字數(現行版本動詞只能有一個字)，但必須跟TEMPO。
The work function is a property of the metal and is not affected by the incoming radiation.
Most changes in a language start with small things.
Users can then email or save their own animations to use them on similar social utility applications.
施特拉尔松德号最初的推进系统配置与马格德堡号相同，但其中心轴在战争结束后遭到拆除。
Kimsesiz çocuklar adına bir vakıf kurmuştur.
Smith also pitched 4 shutouts throughout his major league career.
It is sometimes called "unmerited favor."
，前往魯賓設計局，參觀基洛級潛艇的建造過程，雙方交談了潛艇購買事宜，台灣提出購買10艘基洛級潛艇，報價約1000億元新台幣的等值美元。
In 1986, he was in the movie The Color of Money.
They started recording it after a string of shows in late October 2008.
Energy metabolism as related to body size and respiratory surfaces, and its evolution.
Eccles Pg.234 There are no effective antiviral drugs for the common cold, even though some preliminary research has shown benefit.
People live there because they can make money as miners or by doing things for miners.
A further problem was the fact that many employers forbade their employees from joining the GNTCU, and refused to let them work if they had not signed a document which renounced the organisation.
When their home planet became too hot for them to live in, they moved to planets such as Peladon.
Steinitz died in poverty, having spent some of his last years in a New York mental institution.
And in that remaining 100 days, I elected to cut Ropin' The Wind, and try to write for it.
Telch managed several teams in the lower leagues of Argentine football.
The school is member of TAPPS, they play basketball, perform in music contests or win in soccer.
These processes are known as encoding and decoding.
The successor of the RCA Studio II is the RCA Studio III.
Her father wanted her to attend a high school which prepared girls for marriage, but Levi-Montalcini did not want to have children.
The merchant shows a videotape where Lrrr, ruler of the planet Omicron Persei 8 has taken Fry's nose.
蔡欣宏（1990年4月24日 － ），
The people who were violent to people and property are in a river of fire.
这些作品只不过在柏林时期才得以成书出版。
It provides lessons and activities during the summer vacation.
In total, 68 different circuits have hosted (or will host) a World Championship races.
In July 1949, her unsure attitude toward American Catholics caused a public debate with Francis Cardinal Spellman, the Catholic Archbishop of New York.
赛段的最后一个路线资讯给出终点的位置，并提示最后一个到达的选手有可能被淘汰。
He appeared in exhibition games with the Canadians, but found he was unable to play a full shift without running short of breath.
It was moved to what is now the Allied Museum at 110 Clayallee, and a small replica put up in Kochstraße.
初期多以一話完結的短篇形式，近期則多以七話以上的篇幅組成的長篇故事為主。
Exactly three years later, he is removed from office in a military coup.
Although some students take each of the grades as they get better at their instrument, it is not necessary to have passed earlier grades in order to take a higher grade.
He also openly criticiced Adolf Hitler, for his lies and false promises.
Doctors used to treat gay people as if they had mental illnesses.
Sometimes people change the color.
It was previously known by various names, including Netherlands New Guinea (until 1962), West Irian (1962-1973), and Irian Jaya (1973-2000).
Old people are also called "senior citizens" or "elders".
The Yeongwol insectarium has been recognized as one of the best visitor attractions.
下午校留守葵盛,沿用聖公會主恩小學校名。
一方面他是受良好教育的知識份子，另一方面他是衝動直率又孤僻的荒原狼。
以上為1日平均乘車人次數據，當中假設上車與下車人數相同。
It’s not just climate change; it’s sheer space, places to grow food for this enormous horde.
The colours in the ribbon are crimson, which represents federation, and blue and gold for the beginning of the 21st Century.
Design of the software means the high-level design of the main modules with a full picture of how the parts fit together.
These hats are just used for decoration.
Another 100 or perhaps 200 were counted as missing.
The part of the foot which joins it to the leg is called the heel.
Penis uyarıldığında damarları kanla dolar ve büyüyerek sertleşme evresine geçer.
Usually the opera singer does not have the skill to play them, so the castanets are played by a percussion player in the orchestra while Carmen pretends to be playing them.
The library in Magdalene, which is very old and beautiful, is named after him (the Pepys Library).
Morison hoped the new font would compete against a wave of German sans-serif families such as Futura.
Colony has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters.
It can be used to clean teeth.
In the first round all teams were divided to eight groups of four teams where team played with other three teams in group.
The House of Lorraine, the main and now only remaining line known as Habsburg-Lorraine, is one of the most important and was one of the longest-reigning royal houses in the history of Europe.
They have met on 19 occasions.
The snow leopard is an official symbol of Kazakhstan.
As they grew in about 1500 A.D Manlun started his ruling as a chief Khuangnung in village.
谢尔比GT-H是赫兹租车车队车辆，其根源可追溯到1966年的谢尔比GT350-H。
The second step was to use the best animation and motion style for the creatures.
軟禁期間，朱由榔生了一場病，他曾後悔表示：“当日朕为奸臣所误，
Hoffa hapishaneden çıktığında Louis Linteau, Hoffa'nın randevularını ayarlayan isim olmuştu ve 26 Temmuz'da Hoffa'yı 30 Temmuz'daki toplantı hakkında bilgilendirdiği bir akşam yemeği düzenlemişti.
These schools were run by Christian churches and got money from the Canadian government.
這類性質有時也被稱為「扎里斯基局部」的，藉以區別對於其他格羅滕迪克拓撲的情形（如平展拓撲）。
He called on the people to support the King of Spain against the rebellious Viceroy of Mexico.
This is why the study of horses is called "equine science" and the calendar for the moon called the "lunar calendar".
Rome controlled Caucasian Albania only as a client or vassal state.
He went to St Abrose's School.
此鎮區居民之種族中，白人佔94.85%，非裔美國人佔0%，美洲原住民佔1.03%，亞裔美國人佔0%，太平洋島裔美國人佔0%，其他種族佔0%，混血種族則佔4.12%。
Foop goes through the terrific twos.
The painting Mrs Chippy, by Wolf Howard, shows the cat "about to be shot".
“以服务为宗旨，待旅客如亲人”这一服务理念早在铁道部时期即已提出，中国铁路总公司成立后沿用了该口号。
She is angry about the auction that is taking place, but calms down when Anne enters.
An unexpected residue caught his eye.
Making weak tea (called usu-cha) needs natsume, and making strong tea (called koi-cha) needs cha-ire.
They are usually built with enclosed sides or some type of containment.
，隸屬於廣州絲芭文化傳媒有限公司。
She had yellow hair.
Not everyone who scores two or more on the CRAFFT will have an addiction.
Mehtab Singh’s records also mention that Subah Khan’s son, Gul Sher Khan, donated Rs2,000 to help the Hindu families in Bir build a place of worship for themselves.
The 30th Dorobanţi Regiment captured the village of Ponyatovka.
In the 2000s, researchers at the French film company Lobster Films noticed that Méliès's two-lens system was a fully functional, stereo film camera.
The Palaeontological Association, Field Guides to Fossils.
It contains usually between 20 and 30 large solid round balls.
Carbon steels which can successfully undergo heat-treatment have a carbon content in the range of 0.30% to 1.70% by weight.
Something that is dropping can sometimes be called dripping.
The head of Gryffindor house is Minerva McGonagall.
錢佩玲決定退出，成全鄭麗芳，最後她們四人也各自找到情人，成為眷屬 citation citation 。
此后又编制了海河流域首个河系规则《永定河治本计划》并在天津筹建了中国首个水工试验所—天津第一水工试验所。1931年，华北水利委员会在该会的院内首级台阶前设立大沽高程永久性水准基点。 citation 1945年，
Thus, electrics are only the second next used type, behind diesel locomotives.
Caulfield Grammar School, 1881–1981, Centenary Committee, Caulfield Grammar School, (East St Kilda), 1981.
The new building just can hold about 200 persons.
Each pixl has a different power and look, but despite having many members, the player can only use one.
，年幼孤貧移居睢州，依附許氏長大而改姓許。
The genus only has one type of species, the Cascoplecia insolitis, citation which means old and strange.
The portraits of his ancestors come to life to punish him.
北京中科紅旗軟件技術有限公司，簡稱紅旗軟件，
Körfezin kuseyinde Labrador Yarımadası, doğusunda Newfounland Adası, güneyinde Nova Scotia yarımadası ve Cape Breton adası ve batısında da Gaspé ve New Brunswick vardır.
Orman, (bazen) yağmur ormanı, çalı arazisi, biraz daha fazlası ve manzaralar; Avustralya'nın çöllerinde olmadığı halde, genellikle çok çeşitli görünümlerde bulunurlar.
曾獲得全日本女子劍道大賽冠軍，人稱「東北的鬼百合」。
The holes also let water go through.
They thought it was the main German attack.
Ders verenlerin büyük bölümü kültür sahibi yüksek devlet memurları idi.
Currently there are over 2,000 wind turbines in West Texas alone.
Miniatürk ziyaret girişi için meslek ve diğer kriterlere göre farklı ücret tarifi uygulanmaktadır.
Edward O'Sullivan Lee main (23 August 1941 citation 6 October 2020), better known by the name Bunny "Striker" Lee, was a Jamaican record producer.
Eden Arena, Mayıs 2008 yılında açıldı.
In a sentence its meaning can be clear, otherwise the word itself is ambiguous.
In January 2020, SpaceX conducted an In-Flight Abort Test, which demonstrated the ability to get away from a rocket in case of a problem.
The parents may feel that if someone else brings them up they may have a better future in the long run.
The victory was rather more emphatic than the score suggests.
Sometimes, the chair was made from the wood of the gallows which it replaced.
The idea for the Money in the Bank match was introduced by Chris Jericho who proposed a six-man Ladder match, for the event in which the winner would receive a contract for a World title match at the place and time of his choosing.
那天，他否認他和皮斯特的失踪案有关，也否認将提供给他一份工作。
When Edward the Confessor died Edgar was still young (15 years old) and had no experience, money or soldiers.
Accessions List, South Asia, Volume 7, Issues 1-6 E.G. Smith for the U.S. Library of Congress Office, New Delhi, 1987 accessed at https://books.
Ancak hiçbir zaman uyarlaçtan elde edilen doğru akım, pildeki kadar düzgün olmaz.
The slits; distance between top posts approximately one inch.
Dolley spent her teenage years in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
He played many matches from first season and Nagoya won the 2nd place in the 2011 J1 League.
Their first child, John Jr, was born 13 months later.
The University of Wrocław provides Bachelor, Master, and Doctoral level programmes.
Ometeotl Aztek panteonunda, cennetin 13. ve en yüksek katında yer alırdı.
后面的“Learn more.”
Whether Romana was killed with the others, or is still alive in E-Space or elsewhere, has not been specifically established on screen.
He feels foolish and Cleveland tries to make him act more mature.
She was buried in Nemasket Hill Cemetery, Middleborough, Massachusetts.
It keeps the grain dry so it does not spoil, and keeps it away from animals that would eat it.
Bow Street is also nearby; it is a boundary road to Covent Garden.
Ms. Rushiti began its work in March 1999, when half of Kosovo’s population fled Kosovo, and mainly where deported to Albania; many of them had suffered from the effects of severe mental and somatic torture and other violations of human rights.
The Japanese thought that they sank two carriers in the Coral Sea, but this still left at least two more U.S. Navy carriers, Enterprise and Hornet, which could fight at Midway.
，细节上尽善尽美，达到新的技术高度。
A large factor in the magnitude of the specific heat of a material lies at the molecular level in the energetic to the material in the phase (solid, liquid or gas) in which it is found.
He defeated former at-large Congressman Jim Santini, a Democrat who had turned Republican, in the November election.
Gregarious adults vary in size between 40 and 60 mm according to the sex.
She was named Eve because she was born on 7 July at 7:00pm, and "eve" is the middle of the word "seven". citation She has three siblings.
The Government of India instituted the Tenzing Norgay National Adventure Awards in his honour, awarded annually.
但報紙通常有愛爾蘭語專欄，在大選期間各黨派候選人也會上愛爾蘭語電視台TG4以愛爾蘭語進行辯論。
看起來很嚴肅，不過實際上是很溫柔的奶奶。
An active volcano is currently erupting, or it has erupted in the last 10,000 years.
See Üngör, Uğur (2011), The Making of Modern Turkey: Nation and State in Eastern Anatolia, 1913-1950.
Grandpa Smurf wears yellow clothes and Papa Smurf wears red clothes.
Final version had an advanced V8.
Mecca Masjid is one of the oldest mosques in the city.
Krillin learns of other Dragon Balls on planet Namek and joins Bulma and Gohan to look for them to revive their friends and bring back Earth's Dragon Balls.
Since Jack Kirby had more than enough assignments, Lee assigned John Buscema the task of illustrating the new book."
這些武器一直服役至1930年代才退役 。
Lammert was a Vice-President of the Bundestag from October 2002 to 18 October 2005, when he became President.
文彬按：明世一人遍历三孤者，蹇义、杨士奇、刘吉、刘健、马文升、李东阳、杨廷和、梁储、王琼、杨一清、张孚敬、夏言、严嵩、高拱、徐阶、李春芳、张居正、张四维、申时行凡十九人。
Maggie's husband, William Skillion, and a neighbour, William Williamson, were sent to gaol for six years.
Matsuzaka was selected the MVP of the inaugural and the second World Baseball Classic, and is an Olympic bronze medalist.
The bongos are shaped like the ones seen in the Donkey Kong games.
若發生屬於自然系的前六大類屬性一直輪換了很久的情形，則之後出現的黑暗系或神聖系屬性，就會出現純度很高的高階屬性。
A group called Islamic Jihad Organization claimed responsibility for the attack.
This also stands as the last movie in the series to be written by Herz, who conceptualized the franchise.
Even the things he threw away, even the thoughts he had at night, and even Hamlet.
More than 76 million people in Egypt speak Egyptian Arabic.
He also thought it was unfair to people who could not get to work because the railroads were not running.
该物种的模式产地在戴曲、即通天河。
A graph of temperatures over the past two thousand years.
Ancient Persian paintings depict people smoking hookahs.
In 2011, 425 people lived in the village.
Lee was added into the comic book industry's Will Eisner Award Hall of Fame in 1994 and the Jack Kirby Hall of Fame in 1995.
This is to make sure that the government will continue in case of some catastrophe that would result in harm to the President and many top elected officials at once.
Following is a list of places that Feeder Airlines flies to, as of March 2014.
Radhika obediently performs all the duties of a choti bahu.
The role of each server is to only move that data to another server.
If both the President and Vice President are on the same Marine aircraft, the aircraft gets the Marine One call sign.
Allopurinol has caused hypersensitivity in a small number of individuals.
同时还指示新四军必须在12月31日前全部北移，北移中要提高警惕，做好充分的自卫准备 citation 。25日，蒋介石面见周恩来，“以极富感情的神情”要求八路军新四军开到河北，称新四军如不遵令北调则“必定失败” citation 。26日，中共中央又電項英，對他們一再拖延、遲遲不北移提出了批評，要求项英立即撤离 : 396 。
Hasta Mitra first published it in 1980.
，次日，他是歐巴馬重新宣誓就職時唯一的攝影師。
He is seen by Harper's Bazaar as "arguably the most controversial paparazzo of all time".
Dalganın en üst noktası ile en alt noktası arasındaki fark miktarı ne kadar yüksek olursa ses o kadar berrak olacaktır.
Chetopa has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters.
As the Wimmera River usually only adds about half that amount, the lake is rarely full.
Only 10 rivers are longer than 100 km.
Emerson was sent to a fort in the Wisconsin Territory.
During the Brigate Rosse terrorism period of the Anni di piombo, Pertini openly denounced the violence.
The only things missing are Story mode, Ghost downloads, Tekken Dojo and a Customizing mode (although you can dress your characters up after you select them and before you fight with them).
It was rated the 166th-most-visited city in the world in 2008.
He was buried next to his ancestors and the farmers of the region, in a plain ordinary grave.
Köy hiçbir zaman işgal edilmemiştir.
喀麦隆是所有非洲国家中砍伐树木最多的国家。
They need more money.
古巴生产的乙肝疫苗被世界卫生组织列入了联合国采购名单。
It also made the North stop and return the South's black runaways.
，上有小翼羽，作用是飞行时控制气流。
All 194 people were moved to Norfolk in 1856.
In 1990, he co-founded publisher Faber & Faber with his son Michael.
瑟吉也發覺這樣的問題在印度大部分的學校也是相同情況。
Maakri, 21. yüzyılda Tallinn'in ana iş merkezlerinden biri haline gelmiştir.
Division 2 to SFL Division 1 in the 2003-04 season.
It can also be used as a shorter way of saying "Kimberly", "Kimberley", "Kimball", "Kimiko" and "Joakim".
The playing surface dimension is 105 metres x 68 metres.
He was awarded the ACUM Prize for Life Achievement in 2016.
Fruits are initially green but turn deep orange as they mature.
The player can also use his/her Pokémon to battle other Pokémon.
Ichi fails to kill Kakihara and lies on the floor crying.
His career began in 1960.
The song was released in June 1995.
，到四川富顺縣探亲祭祖，並為其父親掃墓。
HFA's are often alexithymic (lacking in emotion).
在三星電影公司（TriStar Pictures）負責數項計畫的布朗，嘗試說服公司裡的人將《軍官與魔鬼》搬上大銀幕，但由於缺乏足夠的影星加入而被婉拒。
Convergent boundaries can make mountains and volcanoes.
Mary Anning's first great discovery was made shortly after her father's death when she was just twelve.
He led the team to 4th place at the 1988, 1996 and 2000 Olympics.
Yabancı anahtarlar, başvurulan ilişkide bir veya daha fazla öznitelik alanını sınırlamak için başvurulan ilişkideki öznitelik değerlerini etkili biçimde kullanır.
Everything went wrong after that.
For some time, she worked as a backing singer and worked together with several other artists on their music.
All players want to put their ball in the holes, in as few strikes as possible.
He also created Juice Krate Media Group in January of 2019.
See Ten Days' Campaign During World War I, the Netherlands were not invaded by Germany.
The Nereids were sea-
These tournaments do not use items or most stages, believing that these make the game unfair.
The Pasadena Star-News was first published in 1884.
Some of the funny things are also taken from the main episodes of the series.
There have always been different theories of education which are based on different attitudes to education and to life itself.
In 1033 AD there was another earthquake, and the mosque had to be built again.
Many people in the Harry Potter series think she is a strange girl.
It occurred immediately after the Third and before the Fifth Anglo-Dutch Wars.
He played many matches as forward.
Companies from Biscay (Bizkaia) and Gipuzkoa moved to Vitoria because land was cheaper there.
But he had to fight to win Preeti, and prove his love for her.
Özel görevler için yetiştirilen yeni süper insan ırkı yüzünden, normal yollardan dünyaya gelmiş insanlar işsiz kalmakta ve ikinci plana itilmektedir.
The second series attracted 5.6 million viewers to its opening episode.
She went on to perform in the Broadway plays Present Laughter (1982) and The Heidi Chronicles (1989).
Adults are 55–65 cm long with an 88–106 cm wingspan, and weigh 350–550 grams.
They play Slovakia on 12 March.
Campbell 1995 pp. 32–34 Other parts of the play are similar to Gay's Beggar's Opera.
Jean Charest was very involved in this project, but it did not succeed.
The standard is satisfied if there is greater than fifty percent chance that the proposition is true.
Ad ve At sözcükleriyle ve Adamak fiili ile bağlantılıdır.
Occurrence and significance of marine animal remains in American coal balls.
Most commercially caught blue sharks are considered bycatch.
邁阿密熱火共奪下3座冠軍，以下是各時期的冠軍成員。
Phylogenetic analysis of Penicillium subgenus Pencillium using partial beta-tubulin sequences.
She had roles in eleven movies from 1949 to 1956.
The hexadecachoron is a member of the family of polytopes called the cross-polytopes, which exist in all dimensions.
One ACARS message read, "Good morning, ATC looking for you on 135.32", the other read, "Plz contact Boston Center ASAP.
The first tornadoes touched down between 1:00 and 2:00 p.m. in Georgia.
Archaeologists are people who study people through objects.
在美國有共感覺的女人是男人的三倍，英國則是八倍，造成男女差異的原因不明。
Classic Albums: Pink Floyd - The Making of The Dark Side of the Moon (DVD), 2003.
The Plauer See marks the western end of the Müritz lakeland.
鸭形玻璃注半透明淡绿色玻璃质，内部微见银绿色锈浸。
Papal States ceased to exist.
The speaker of the House of Assembly is currently Mr. Alvin Smith.
，因為他的母親逃離那里以逃避殺死奧拉夫父親的兇手。
She was the fourth child in her family.
，崇禎十六年（1643年）進士。
，除了扇冠大天鵝龍以外，牠們都具有外形相似的頭顱骨與冠飾。
It is near a mountain called Cerro Gordo.
There were 47.8% males and 52.2% females.
Sundaes are found and available to buy in many places, including fast foods, restaurants, and other luxury places.
The entire temple is carved out of the side of a huge stone hill.
The judge also ordered that Heart must make a new album for the old record company.
Nataraja is the only form of Shiva worshipped in a human figure format.
There he played one year in the second team but was soon transferred to the first team.
馮諾伊曼有不善于处理人际关系的一面，后来有所改变。
Arsenic is found as one stable (
It does not dissolve in water.
He played as a second-row.
He was then acquired by Borussia Dortmund (German Club) in 2011, winning the double of Bundesliga and DFB-Pokal (German knockout football cup) in his first season.
The main problems in the "one genus" idea are: Longrich N.R & Field D.J. 2012.
Gout occurs nearly half of the time without hyperuricemia and most people with raised uric acid levels never develop gout.
这样可以了解从点到整体中的任何一个，反之亦然。
Tjek begged him to stay but he refused.
The name came from the term "free state".
At the end of the year, she joined the Great White Fleet for its circumnavigation of the globe, which lasted into 1909.
They can ask for a vaginoplasty.
Akwid starts the group in 2000 was known like Juvenile Style.
The movie is a version of John Osborne's biographical play, presenting the life of Martin Luther.
此从《十国春秋·吴越忠懿王世家》。
She is a web developer, engineer, consultant, educationist, advertiser, healthcare specialist, and software development infrastructure specialist.
This is 'facultative', which means they may or may not do it.
Sevişmenin algılanan önemi, katılımcıların yaşından ve göreceli cinsel deneyiminden etkilenebilir.
從1869年至1971年，UP曾是美國中西部和西部鐵路客運主力運營商，其幹線為“陸上線路”。
It is the smallest city in the country, with only 25,000 people living there.
After that the shire's business was done at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
Once he had finished a composition he was never very interested in hearing it performed or what happened to it.
The Letters, Speeches and Addresses of August Belmont was published at New York in 1890.
Since 2003, WWE has produced its own movie productions.
The park is on the site of the outer court of Reading Abbey.
There is not much osmium on earth.
These comuni are in the eastern part of Valle d'Aosta.
He managed billiard parlors (where people play pool) in several cities around the western United States.
They possess genetic material in the form of a single DNA loop known as Nucleoid.
This category is for tracking articles whose titles appear incorrectly due to technical restrictions.
The next day, Jenny celebrates her birthday with Oliver, Fagin, the dogs, and Winston.
The Manx's character is nervous.
In 1873, Brynglas and Dolgoch stations opened.
Reagan said while running for president that he wanted a woman to be on the supreme court and promised to nominate a woman for the job the first chance he got.
Sharpe, savaş döneminde ilk olarak İspanyol asilzade ve aynı zamanda direniş lideri Teresa Moreno ile evlenir.
Famous engineer Thomas Telford lived in Ellesmere in the 1790s.
Many Quebecois people value their French identity and culture.
Theodore Harold White (May 6, 1915 – May 15, 1986) was an American political journalist and historian.
This gives you an idea of the strength of the magnet.
Direnç elemanı gibi olmasa da akıma karşı bir tepki gösterir, direnç uygular.
Because of this, networked publics are the result of technologies that connect people (networked technologies, like social media), and the whole result from a combination of the people in the networked public, their technologies, and their ideas.
They are believed to haven saved many people's lives.
At least 122 people were killed, including 35 civilians, 7 soldiers, and 80 attackers.
努查努阿特语是最早获得文献记录的太平洋西北地区原住民语言。
政府當時重申租務管制的目的只為現有租客提供暫時舒緩，不能夠根本地解決房屋問題。
，在在都是我們重新審視現代社會的契機。
This will not always work.
Accessed through Newsbank on 9 May 2009.
The two types of pilot whales are the long-finned pilot whale and the short-finned pilot whale.
They are the 12th edition of the Games.
Bettas are also called betta fish or Siamese fighting fish.
Because of this, the exact number of people with HIV is unknown.
Between 1212 and 1215 the Count of Berg tried to get out prisoners and made the ground around the Castle dry.
The football section of the club was founded on 14 October 1897.
，其代表作《螞蟻》出版後大獲好評，其後《螞蟻時代》、《螞蟻革命》相繼出版，彙集成「螞蟻三部曲」，
雖然在1948年時法國便已經擁有核反應爐，
奧林匹克號提議協助運送生還者，但卡柏菲亞號船長婉拒，因為他擔心與鐵達尼號一模一樣的奧林匹克號會引發生還者們恐慌。
With its huge supply of salt underneath, and the constant evaporation, the Med is a high salt sea compared with the Atlantic.
Aida rushes to her father.
He was forced to sell the Chaplain's Pantry to pay the huge medical costs.
Frémont was married to Jessie Benton from 1841 until his death in 1890.
In many parts of India, Deepawali is celebrated for five consecutive days.
She underwent training with two other dogs.
Pygmalion tells the story of a bet that two rich men made over whether one of them, Professor Higgins, could turn a poor uneducated girl into a sophisticated lady.
Community organizations have helped the homeless to take over empty buildings.
File:City of Sosua, Dominican Republic, Aerial View.
目前在技術標準上還沒有強制要求全電里程的最短距離，但未來各國的法規可能會有對應的要求。
Windows 8, USB 3.0, Advanced Format sabit sürücüler, yakın alan iletişimleri ve bulut bilişimi için destek ekledi.
An R rating is a rating given to multimedia.
），阮匐等初戰不利，再調動舟師出戰，又被黎桓用火攻擊潰，丁佃戰死，阮匐被俘，送到京師（即華閭），被黎桓大罵：「先帝（指丁部領）罹難，神人尚為憤羞，汝為臣子，乃乘其喪亂，背義興兵，臣子之職，固如是乎？
蓋就相生相養之地，而行政教法令於其中。
This usage may lead readers to believe that PAL defines image resolution, even though it does not.
The indigenous Māori of New Zealand are Polynesian people.
During a sight visit for the project, his suitcase gets swapped with a similar suitcase of a co-passenger named Mala (Manorama), which is full of money.
Their only purpose was to kill people.
This tells the Arduino that pin 13 is going to be sending data out.
It took until May 1945 before the entire country was liberated.
Yazar Takahiro Yamato'nun 20 Temmuz 2009'da hayatını kaybetmesi ile sonuna ulaşamamıştır.
The NAC was dissolved by the Hawke government in 1985.
In Comanche Station (1960), Scott is Jefferson Cody, A cowboy saves a woman who had been kidnapped by Indians Comanches, then struggles to get both of them home alive.
Anime OVA movies and series released from January 1, 2006 through December 31, 2006.
Let us sing, soldiers, the battle hymn.
Burned during the French Revolution, and totally destroyed in the First Empire.
Bill Clinton testified on her side.
They became popular and more common in the 1990s.
），虎女以校園景觀別緻而聞名全臺，時人謂之「北景美，南虎女」（「景美」指省立景美女中，
Merchandise sales are often a part of "the gate."
They range from the surface to as deep as 350 metres, and prefer water with the temperature of 7 to 16 °C.
It is known as the most scenic island in the Bahamas.
謝東霖小時候住在臺北市南京東路，父親每天規定謝東霖每天寫一篇極短篇、兩篇新詩、兩篇插畫，打下創作的基礎。
This included Honoré Mirabeau and Lafayette.
Campbell was the son of Carmen Quiroz, a teacher, and Federico Campbell, a telegraph operator.
The genus has been organized into three subgenera, subg.
，部分属北地、安定、平凉3郡。
The show came to end on 24 November 1995.
Since the 2007 acquisition of A Channel by CTVglobemedia as part of the takeover of CHUM Limited, media analysts had speculated that CTV may potentially extend its market-leading CTV brand to that network.
Bu tür aerobik egzersizler yaşça ileri insanlarda zihinsel fonksiyonlar arası geçişin kolaylaştırılması, konsantrasyonun geliştirilmesi ve kısa süreli hafızayı geliştirmede önemli rol oynar.
Red Kelly won the first ever Norris Trophy as best defence.
Most police snipers are trained by the military.
Hanks has won several awards for acting.
下列命题说明，" " 与各种采用并集、交集、补集的表示方法等价。
However, the IRB changed its mind, saying in 2013 that the World Cup would be kept.
It means that someone has not been careful enough.
自1988年以來，海梅城堡就是一座博物館。
According to art historian Nicolai Stang, this picture shows the inability to make contact with other people (which is one of the main symptoms of BPD).
，有「沙灘上的妖精」、「沙灘仙女」美譽，儘管在國際賽場上成績不是非常耀眼，但是她憑容貌和身材，令她在模特兒界發光發亮。
He had a very closed character.
他的堂兄mainsfn是哥廷根大學的創辦人，之後成為漢諾瓦選侯國首相sfn。
The high rise laboratory building on the site, the unique shape of which has become the symbol for Fermilab, is named in his honor, and is the center of activity on the campus.
，以當時的警務處長麥景陶命名，其中一幢建於蓮麻坑附近的礦山。
LV3︰【合體時】「這張Spirit合體攻擊時」BP比拼後，只有對手的Spirit被破壞時，破壞對手其中1張Spirit/Brave/Nexus。
元培计划有一个灵活的选课体制，允许同学在全校范围内选择自己喜欢的课程，在探索中找到自己最喜欢的专业方向的同时可以涉猎感兴趣的其他内容。
官方报告受到个人考虑媒体可能在报道中提到他们在寻找一名美国英雄的角色的影响 Goldstein and Dillon 1997年，254-255页：罗斯福总统本人不得不回应寻找行动是否合法的指责 。
Pat Nixon went along with her husband to several other countries.
He worked with many mathematicians.
They started to work on the airfield in 1958.
It took place in front of the Old Brick Capitol.
There are two ways to take the TOEIC test.
Opiate concentration following the ingestion of poppy seed products – evidence for 'the poppy seed defence'.
，负责担当这趟列车南京至上海间牵引任务的第四代“周恩来号”机车（
人民路北段原霸王門街，舊有湖州城北正門之霸王門。
Although the CAA as a whole dates only to 1979, the football conference can trace its history to the late 1930s.
Nagato was hurt after Yahiko's died.
Tam 60 Bin kişinin izlediği 1997 Royal Rumble'ında Undertaker'ın rakibi bu kez Vader oldu.
神經科學家檢查受腦損傷影響的思想。
William Gillian Waddell: Manetho (The Loeb Classical Library, Volume 350).
Ultimately, it makes all the difference in life.
當中6幢住宅的總樓面面積約43.
There are many different types of helmets.
This bias sheds light on otherwise puzzling, irrational, and even destructive behavior.
In 2010 the UNDP reacted to the criticism and updated the thresholds to classify nations as low, medium, and high human development countries.
Arista的产品线可分为七系列：
There are two ways of naming alcohols: Common names, and IUPAC names.
She currently stars in the supernatural drama series 666 Park Avenue.
He was married to Helen Kurtis from 1966 until her death in 1977, they had two children (one who died).
This decline is more drastic among females, and more gradual among males.
Some of his works were published for La Gazzetta del Mezzogiorno.
The US sunk two barges and the rest scattered into two groups.
They are also called HMG-CoA Reductase Inhibitors.
After everyone chooses their character and role, the game starts.
In 1938 Anderson did a 70-concert tour in the United States.
于是她變成瑷琳的好姊妹，希望能藉著接近瑷琳，增進自己的基本常識，並能盡快在26歲之前，找到一個好歸宿。
Williams ise 1999 yılının sonlarına doğru çıktığı geniş kapsamlı bir Avrupa turnesi ile yılı bitirdi.
Kaolinite is said to have a low shrink-swell capacity and a low cation-exchange capacity, which makes it ideal for various industrial applications.
In the local Kaironk language, this frog is called gojmay.
The group of people will all be dressed in the same way ("uni" means "one", and form means "shape" one shape).
She won several prizes at the Conservatoire.
Over 160 national teams play in the qualifying games.
The main aim of the NDA was to form a anti-
而《星期日泰晤士报》的杰夫·道森（Jeff Dawson）则认为本片无可避免地会与《一夜大肚》和《女侍情缘》一样被贴上“意外怀孕题材电影”的标签，但如果将之视为是偏向于“生命派”的电影则只会“把水搅混”（指这样的定性或解读未免有些牵强） 。
The final discoveries in the chapel itself were two painted roundels with little angel faces in them, one by Masaccio and one by Masolino.
It has an area of 229 square miles.
Normally thought to as Link, he behaves as a jock most of the time, but is rather out of shape.
IP packets or datagram has two parts.
His first professional fight was on July 17, 1958.
Larsen Ice Shelf begins breaking up, eventually consuming about 3,250 km² (1,254 miles²) after 35 days.
Messi began football at a young age and his potential was quickly seen by Barcelona.
、降职三级调研员。 citation 马文革的下属郭保平（孝义市市长）2018年3月遭到“双开”。
除藉著新式高教機「自研自製」的機會帶著航太供應鏈一起練兵外，更不遺餘力地力邀各個領域的專家，免費為臺灣航太產業的新進企業做教育訓練、奠定基礎，分享產業經驗、國際趨勢與科技新知，希望將人才及技術根留臺灣，向世界級的航太供應鏈聚落邁進，以因應未來可能遭遇的衝擊。
Parks and squares and 1,779 ha of forest are located within the city which creates a unique and healthy climate.
'un ilk albümü La Roux tan çıkan üçüncü tekli.
For example: they may both be trying to get their mother's attention.
身號炎帝，世號神農，代伏羲氏。
The magma solidified and, after millions of years, the overlying rocks got uplifted and eroded, exposing the Palisades Sill as we see it.
Swimmers need to be at their best in competition because only few points can determine the first and the second place.
原夜郎坝盆地中的临溪台地建有一城堡，周边种植有许多“桐”与“梓”两种树木，城堡故名“桐梓堡”。
Elde edilen karışımın konsantre edilmesi ve soğutulması üzerine baryum klorat çökelir.
Aşkını kabul etmeyeceğini anlayan Angelique, Barnabas'ı kilitli bir tabutun içinde mezara hapseder.
Household income also increased significantly with the educational attainment of the householder.
This category has articles on people who died in the year 731.
She became more distant from people.
Milli tiyatro binasının mimarisi Osmanlı izleri barındırıyor.
The cemetery covers convert.
She played 141 matches and scored 21 goals until 2020.
），字啟之，雲南鶴慶府劍川州人，民籍，
They see it as making a difference to people's lives.
An enhanced Kickstarter Exclusive Demo came out on November 5, 2019.
Biblical scholars of the time such as Justus Lipsius (1547–1606) and Athanasius Kircher (c.1601–80) were also beginning to look at the Ark story more closely.
So they bought his patent in 1899.
The Linn LM-1 and LinnDrum were heard in this song.
由于极少有室内设施具有100米的直线距离，因此室内项目一般为60米（有时为50米或55米）。
Amir was immediately tackled by Rabin's bodyguards and police on the scene, and fired a third shot at bodyguard Yoram Rubin during the struggle, lightly wounding him.
She married actor-director Luther Adler in 1938.
His mother was Sellachchi Ammaiyar.
Therefore, the elements of a paraphyletic group must be rearranged so that they do form one or several clades.
An important point made by Reber is that "implicit learning is a fundamental 'root' process, one that lies at the very heart of the adaptive behavioral repertoire of every complex organism".
，曾任摩尔多瓦第一副总理兼外长。
They also tried to have a baby together.
'tan Moskova’ya giden yolcu uçağı, silahlı bir kişi tarafından Afganistan'a kaçırılmaya çalışıldı.
Blackbeard, Bill and Martin Williams, "The Smithsonian Collection of Newspaper Comics". pp. 59–60.
The heat for cooking can be made in different ways.
They were afraid that the Muslims were going to kill them, because of the bad things they did to the Muslims many years ago.
First a queen starts to build a nest.
猶太的新王大衛作了一首輓歌，名叫「弓之歌」，以哀悼掃羅和約拿單。
之後，有關亞歷山大陵墓的情形就很模糊了 。
，其餘路段始建於1983年，1996年開始分階段通車，2016年全部完成。
And while Moe is not smart, he is, as Calvin puts it, streetwise.
In Perrin, William R. et al Encyclopedia of marine mammals.
在起飛後沒多久，一名遭解雇的員工以麥格農.
He served as Editor-in-Chief of the International Journal for Philosophy of Religion (1990-2010) and the Handbook of Contemporary Philosophy of Religion.
Modern scholars think that by using the typical symbols of pharaonic power, Hatshepsut was asserting her claim to be the sovereign rather than a "King's Great Wife" or queen consort.
Banana, canned fish, frozen fish, lobsters, salt, and clothes are the main exports.
在離任後，麥克尤恩成為阿仙奴的教練，負責訓練年青球員，直至1930年代。
Mansell and Prost's tyres lasted longer and thus they pitted late.
The album's first single "Black or White" went to number one.
The Xbox has become very popular and more than 100 million units have been sold worldwide.
The Australian units were well dug in, using the Chinese own trench positions, and responded to the waves of Chinese troops with machine gun fire.
When the Alpes-Maritimes department was created on 1793, Nice was part of that original department.
The first two were rarely used except by clipper ships in light winds.
怡雅苑共有五座新十字型大廈，分別為：
The goal is to be the last man standing, as a pool of slime sits at the bottom of the arena.
Labrador retrievers come in black, yellow, and chocolate.
Polyphemos is a creature of strength and immense stupidity who broke the cardinal rule of hospitality in Ancient Greece.
While attending the University of Southern California (USC), Torres appeared in commercials and music videos.
People who have goals for Esperanto that are more similar to Zamenhof's are sometimes called lang in Esperanto.
該機研發案日方稱呼為「次期固定翼哨戒機」，是由main（TRDI）
One zinc finger can bind about 3 base pairs by itself.
Schweinsteiger made his international debut in 2004 in a friendly against Hungary.
Jim Sheridan, 2005 yılında rap şarkıcısı 50 Cent’in hayatının anlatıldığı ve başrolde 50 Cent’in kendisinin oynadığı Get Rich or Die Tryin’ i çekti.
Notably, the company helped produce the famous Chinese movie Ip Man (2008). citation In 2013, Antaeus Film Group produced a musical film Blue Sky Bones. citation According to Variety, Antaues has recently sold theaters to Perfect World, a film company.
There is a large swimming pool with fitness rooms and sports hall.
After her husband died in the 80s, she returned to Curitiba, leaving behind their concerts.
Dallas is working on the house next to Jasmine's.
Dikkatin dağılması, son çalışma maddesinden sonra hala mevcut olduğundan, çalışma maddesini KSD'den, sonluk etkisi azaltılacak şekilde değiştirmelidir.
在普通话拼音中，就有龈腭破擦音 (j, q) 和龈腭擦音 (x)。
Different groups may have different cultures.
It was started by the National Library Act.
將針對熱點時事話題，以全新的視野、不同的角度，更犀利、更不設限、更深入問題核心，挖掘背後的故事，開啟觀眾新識力。
It has now created both masters and Ph.
Tinatin, sonrasında rahibe olduğu Yeni Şuamta manastırında ölmüştür.
Each of those has a letter code from A to Z. (The letter I is not used.) The letters start with A in the northwest corner and go to Z in the southeast corner.
或指，无任何记录证明，蔣中正在西沙问题上曾有过“中共不出兵我出兵”的表态 citation 。
A year later, Les Colocs hired André Vanderbiest.
Each property has a set of possible values.
There is also a place for cows there.
The water opossum lives in bankside burrows.
He also came to the aid of King Charles the Simple against Herbert II of Vermandois.
She lived for a year in Cardiff and went to Howell's School Llandaff.
估计星体排出碳尘形成遮挡，导致视星等下降，截至2012年人类已发现四次下降过程sfn。
信的内容完全是指斥曹锟,并说明自己之所以待在北京,就是想尽力把国会迁到南方,击败曹锟等人的阴谋。
Immeasurably hot and dense state of the Planck epoch is succeeded by the grand unification epoch, where gravitation force is separated from the unified fundamental force.
而突厥只以掠奪物資、逞罰戰爭等無戰略方針的方式作戰，諸汗又不能緊密團結，最後瓦解。
According to Google, many manufactures construct the suitable equipment to be used at temperatures higher than the standard 21°C we aforementioned.
Google's homepage includes a button labeled "I'm Feeling Lucky".
This allowed people with boats, cars, and riding in trains to visit the castle.
Other notable places are Khokana, Hetauda, Harisiddhi, Godavari, etc.
It is published by Syougakukan（
It is found in off-shore tropical waters around the world.
This allowed Tanaka's force to escape from being torpedoed.
The student must learn how to write the different sounds and create words.
Yarra Trams runs all tram services in Melbourne now.
She has also performed in other television programs.
'te sanat çalışmalarına devam etmesi için senelik 1200 Frank burs kazandı.
，右一龛供奉夏、商40位帝王，左二龛供奉周朝32位帝王，
Their nickname "Tiburones Rojos" means red sharks in English.
Since then, he has released many singles on labels such as Lost Language and 3 Beat Breaks.
They also became partners with the Milwaukee Brewers.
The royal mint and watch tower did not burn down.
Prevailing winds are generally westerly.
街道两边有许多商店（食品，餐饮，服装，鲜花，唱片.
Aynı zamanda işgal, yaratılmak istenen etkinin tam tersi şeklinde etki yaratmıştı: Rusya, Avusturya'nın yanında savaşa katılmıştı.
Other people did not like the game because the play was the same.
’a dönmek zorunda kaldı.
该法院通过自动案件管理系统接受案件的审理。
The collection includes important historical objects from the local area.
在日本流行，开始接受预约的时间延期 citation 。
It has a strong odor.
Semolina and gruel are foods which are quite similar to porridge.
Balliol had ruled in Scotland for a short time in the autumn of 1332, but was thrown out of the country later in the year.
This symbol shows that a substance is damaging to human health.
Kadın Yemi’nin ne zaman Londra’ya gideceğini sorar.
Another image showed Aguilera performing in front of a black backdrop with her name "Christina" shown in pink.
There is currently 13 versions of Hello Neighbor.
Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender rights in the United States have changed over time, and different states have different rules about them.
The extra carbon must first be burned away.
其編號有正式編號與通用編號二種：前者係由二個英文字母及六位數組成，前兩位為洋域代碼（CP代表中太平洋，中間兩位代表熱帶氣旋當年在洋域內之形成次序，後四位為當年公元紀年（2013）；後者則由二位數及一個英文字母組成，前兩位數係指熱帶氣旋於當年在英文字母所表示的區域內形成次序，英文字母為洋域代碼（C同前述之CP範圍），此編號系統每年重新開始，故無專屬性。
Other accounts state that Apollo made the laurel himself, taking from the tree.
That's one reason why the game is so famous.
Barbie Reynolds (Nina Baden-Semper) is Bill's wife.
Smollett released his first extended play album, The Poisoned Hearts Club in 2012.
塞纳河畔沙蒂永的环境事务由其所属的公共社区负责 citation 。2018年，塞纳河畔沙蒂永境内暂无污染企业 。
Carver ve White (1994), BIS ve BAS'ın bireysel düzeylerini geçerli olarak ölçtüğünü gösterdikleri Davranış Engelleme Sistemi ve Davranışsal Aktivasyon Sistemi Ölçeği’ni oluşturmuştur.
In 2001 there were 508 people living in Greysouthen.
They go on a quest in Gong-men City to stop Lord Shen, an evil albino peacock from using a weapon to destroy kung fu.
接着，自卫团在四区为李斐卿召开了追悼会，何光宇主持追悼会，倪冠英致悼词 citation 。
For a time, he was Percy's enemy, blaming him for the fact that he had failed to protect Bianca as he had promised, but they became friends eventually.
He walked together with his group about 44,000 km to create a map of Japan.
，五十年來首位在去世後仍獲諾貝爾獎殊榮的學者 citation citation citation 。
A picture that is painted using oil paint is called an "oil painting".
：他们都是死板、庸常的（square）……
The second house in the state legislatures is usually called the House of Representatives.
On March 16, 2010, the episode became available on DVD.
不过BRAC突变携带者需谨慎服用避孕药。
He was 79. citation His eldest daughter Ana now has his job as Chair of Santander.
On April 8, 2009, the brand and distillery were acquired by the Campari Group.
从进化历史的观点上它们属于比较原始的无尾目动物，
，也是奥巴马总统政治生涯的早期支持者。
Download PDF from http://roberteklund.
However, unlike a general practitioner or family doctor, their immediate goal is to make sure the patient is stable and exclude any serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions.
If people with disabilities need reasonable accommodations to be able to participate in these programs, the state or local government has to make them.
Types of bones is the most important statistic.
These words would be used again during the Civil War.
She is kidnapped by the Koopa Cousins, Iggy and Spike, and taken to the another dimension called Dinohattan, a land where dinosaurs evolved to become the main species.
由于欧拉法属于递归算法，把運算整理成表格也許有助於避免計算錯誤。
On 13 May the position was reinforced by a 20 mm anti aircraft battery.
Gran Torino was released on January 9, 2009.
One day, even though he was granted time to go on a hunt, he was lied to and, trying to get away, he was stabbed in his liver and died later that night, thus ending the Great Sioux War.
出生於台南、在台北長大 citation ，據說其名字典出《禮記‧玉藻》「沐稷而靧梁」一語，象徵著君子雖夜必興，衣冠而坐。
歷通政使、兵部左侍郎，成化中官至禮部尚書，兼太子太保，以疾致仕，年七十三卒。
Over 60% of all people with HIV live in the region.
Many people enjoy playing in small or large groups.
When a boundary is scored, any runs the batters scored by running do not count, unless the batters had scored more runs by running than the number of runs scored by the boundary; when this happens, the runs scored by the boundary do not count.
The movie was released on November 27, 1988.
The Persian soldiers have a stern look.
When she met with the senator Františka Plamínková, the founder of Women’s National Council, she joined.
Charles of the Missouri".
In 1926 a British anthropologist, Professor Alfred Radcliffe-Brown, noted many Aboriginal groups across Australia shared versions of a single myth.
有效的lambda演算式稱為“lambda項”。
Ham later announced that the publicity from the debate helped fundraising for AiG's planned Ark Encounter theme park.
People with obsessive–compulsive disorder may do their compulsions for hours every day.
Shaw was married three times and had ten children, one of whom was adopted.
In 2014 she won silver at the world cup, citation but at the world championships she lost in the semifinal to Liu Shiwen and won bronze.
再东过玉河桥，自十王府西夹道往北，向东者曰东安门，再南，过灵济宫，灰厂向西，曰长右门。
They had planned to record a new album in 2011.
Russell Alberto Bufalino (October 29, 1903 – February 25, 1994) also known as "McGee" and "The Old Man", was a Sicilian-born American mobster.
The situation mirrors what happened at the 2016 Summer Paralympics, where Russian sportspeople were not allowed to compete using the flag of Russia.
He was known for his key role in the underground comix movement with his Bijou Funnies and other titles.
He saved $3,700 from the money he made.
，作品在不祥时期因具象体现而著名。
Those small parts join to make larger parts we call "clumps" or "aggregates".
Evolutionary parasitism: the integrated study of infections, immunology, ecology, and genetics.
'nın ardından Rus işgalinin kalkmasıyla pazarla bağlantısı kesilen yörenin ekonomik yaşamı 1950'lere dek süren durgunluğa girdi.
London is vulnerable to flooding.
The dry ingredients are mixed together in one bowl, and the wet ingredients are mixed together in another bowl.
Sıradan günlük yaşamın içinden ahlaki bir çatışmayla da yüz yüze kalan Temur, kendisi ve ailesinin felaketine yol açan adam gözü önünde beyin kanaması geçiriyorken, ona yardım edip etmeme, onu bağışlayıp bağışlamama çelişkisi yaşar.
What determines a programming language as "high-level" depends on how much the programming language relies on hardware knowledge.
This can be a medical emergency in some patients and hospitalization with intravenous antibiotics may be required.
、反封建，是国民党内反蒋势力与蒋中正矛盾激化的产物。
He was best known for his writings on the Bible Code.
Gor'da daha çok kadınların köle olması üzerinde duruluyor.
In such a case, neither player can move.
Michael follows, but Laurie manages to fend him off long enough for Tommy and Lindsey to escape, defending herself by stabbing him with a knitting needle, a metal hanger, and his own knife.
Nothing was done to arrest Gesualdo, however.
Sullivan was also a mentor to Frank Lloyd Wright.
The religious and historical texts are very important as they include practically the only known surviving copies of Biblical documents made before 100 CE.
Boone again met John Findley and asked him for the route from North Carolina to Kentucky.
The energy from the injection of a highly pressurized fluid creates new channels in the rock.
She also worked for the Tajik branch of the Open Society Foundation.
North Korea is one of the poorest countries in the world.
Many pillows, cushions, mattresses, coats, and quilts are stuffed with down.
The vicuña is very slender (slim).
In the Mabinogi her uncle Math ap Mathonwy is the King of Gwynedd, and during the course of the story she gives birth to two sons, Dylan ail Don and Lleu Llaw Gyffes, through magical means.
They are very original, sometimes humorous, sometimes serious, often just gently suggesting ideas carefully.
The Jnana Khanda or section on knowledge elaborates on the themes of consciousness, manifestation, and liberation.
其中2點DFT的部份因構造單純，
These were mostly people who Stalin thought were against him or could take power from him.
There is one urban municipality and three rural municipalities in Viljandi County.
Her first book, First Light, was published in 2007.
Demokratik Parti'nin adayı ancak bütün ön seçimler tamamlandıktan sonra az bir farkla belli oldu.
In the Quran, Mary is believed to be a daughter of (Imran) Amram and (Hanna) Anne.
The Type 92 was available to front line divisions by 1932.
Australians use many words that other English speakers do not use.
They like to sit close to their owners and sleep in the same room.
This is because including them would mean including nearly all American movie (and most television) actors.
」於2015年10月13日發表聲明，強調對該餐廳絕無任何形式之投資、參與；對於私人照片，因念屬合照者私人所有，不予追究。
Hornish clinched the championship based on a tiebreaker of most victories during the season.
Açıklık değerlendirmesi, tehditler tarafından gerçekleştirilebilecek açıklıkları ve bu açıklıkların ne kadar kolay gerçekleştirilebileceğini ele alır.
咖啡是这一地区最普遍的经济作物，
’a deniz yoluyla giden ilk kişi olarak bilinir.
This was due to the martial arts and calisthenics they practiced.
水鏡」來召喚同伴，能唱出最強攻擊「憐憫惡魔之歌」。
It also symbolizes peace.
雖然凱爾為他的軍事成就而慶祝，但他的任務對他個人和家庭生活造成沉重的負擔。
Ajit Singh bid farewell to his family and fled to Iran in March.
Among other things, he is also credited for starting the Royal Christmas Broadcast tradition in 1932.
The religion and church claims that God ordered this because Yang represents Male while Yin represents Female.
Recorded music was the way for Cuban music to reach the world.
在地区联赛升级附加赛中落败的9支球队以及在州级联赛中分列第三至第八位的球队，共计18支球队将全数进入新的巴伐利亚联赛，而对于由州级联赛排名第十一至第十五位的球队之间决出的巴伐利亚联赛升级附加赛的胜者、以及行政区高级联赛的冠军也是如此。
Max Richard in Teheran 43. He acted in his first movie aged 25 in 1960.
Begun in 1817, construction of paved roads continued and reached over 1,500 miles by the 1850s.
The study showed a 50% success rate, compared to 10% for "cold turkey" methods, which is when the person suddenly stops drinking alcohol completely.
不过华伦斯坦认为这徒劳无益，下令全军向莱比锡撤退，增援的步兵作为掩护。
German leadership was often faulty, despite good fighting by German units.
中国在许多食品中发现了苏丹红成分，
Belmont left an estate valued at more than ten million dollars.
Once all the games have been played, the team at the top of the league wins the SPL trophy.
Jasenovac was a very large group of many camps.
"We may be witnessing, for the first time, the formation of one of the most massive elliptical galaxies in the universe".
She was the first woman member of the Jules Stein Eye Institute.
，並開設三利石廠，後來致富，便在沙田興建圍村供族人居住。
直到11世紀的歐洲，這種行為成為了一種專門的職業。
诺德斯特龙百货的餐厅都有着类似的菜单和每天不同的特色菜，所有餐厅都提供啤酒和烈酒。
Köy, Edirne il merkezine 127 km, İpsala ilçe merkezine 7 km uzaklıktadır.
In order to vote citizens of other EU countries have to register in the Population Register of Latvia at least 90 days before the election date.
Pettitt and Bahn believe the dating is inconsistent with the traditional stylistic sequence and that there is uncertainty about the source of the charcoal used in the drawings and the extent of surface contamination on the exposed rock surfaces.
，而博物馆的建设却在2002年确定建筑设计方案后停滞 ，
They lived from the Eocene epoch to the Pleistocene epoch 46.2 1.8 million years ago (mya), for a total of about 44.4 million years or from the Paleocene to the Quaternary period.
When Bella goes to the address, she finds that it leads to the office of a lawyer who can forge documents.
It is planned for launch for 2024 as per some reports.
The "V" meant "Victory".
Gerektiğinde boyayı tuvalden çıkarmak için palet bıçağı da kullanılabilir.
The highest rank in the Royal Ballet today is Principal dancer.
When Baloo arrives for a visit, Mowgli leaves with him to go back to the jungle.
比如潜龍谍影系列最初就是为MSX硬件而编写。
Judges give points both for length of the jump and for the jump style.
The Arecibo Telescope is now destroyed by a collapse.
He introduced golden coins and developed commerce within the empire and trade without.
Several economists have hailed Georgescu-Roegen as a man who lived well ahead of his time, and some historians of economic thought have proclaimed the ingenuity of his work.
He was suspended b Phili for most of the 2005 season.
Japan road sign 330-A.
The population of Peterborough was 45,965 in 2006.
同治三年兼署鑲白旗滿洲副都統，六月前後卒，无嗣，以从子为嗣。
Luke handles himself over to Vader, attempting to save his father, who claims Anakin Skywalker is dead and that the Emperor will soon be Luke's new master.
This relationship is expressed in the biblical covenant (contract)sfnchecksfnchecksfnchecksfnchecksfnchecksfncheck between the two, received by Moses.
…… ，洪武二十三年（1390年）中式庚午科舉人 《常山縣志·卷四十一·選舉·舉人》頁二：（明 洪武二十三年庚午科）陳伯顏，見進士。
Danimarka, bu yedi ülkeden birisi idi.
Sigmundur Davið Gunnlaugsson, ekonomi ve siyaset bilimi diplomasına sahiptir.
Cermets also have the properties of metals.
》，他便開始轉往中國內地發展，
In all his forces, he was popular with all ranks under his command.
Some parts of the telescope can work even when they are warm, and are still working.
The river starts in the Samaria Mountains.
Time Warner, Inc.
Çalışma şekillerine göre bilekte, dirsekte ve omuzda biten modelleri vardır.
A large amount of destruction is caused as many trees and wildlife die, and darkness falls over the nearby area.
While Mularkey was known for creating exciting trick plays, Whisenhunt became more of a cautious play-caller, whose well-timed trick plays surprised the Steelers' opponents because they were very unlike the conservative Pittsburgh run game.
，使它们可以被远程控制 citation 。
The show returned on 27 November 2006 for two stories.
He is one of the creators of the iconic comedy show Jappening with Ja.
In 1871, became the first Cavendish Professor of Physics at Cambridge.
Cobalt is used in some types of steel.
The Daily Vault believed the song was the "most impressive track" on Dreaming of You.
This shares with sociobiology a belief in the evolutionary origin of behaviour patterns.
It was called the Bastion de Saint-Antoine.
There is no one cause for these disorders.
Other cultures started mixing with Mayan culture much more.
They called this “affection”.
But the official opening was on September 14th, 1977 with a UEFA-Cup match Rapid versus FK Inter Bratislava (1:0).
Pus is made of dead neutrophils and macrophages, mostly.
但隨曉月獨自擊敗卡留斯，戰爭的結束讓迪斯迪亞失去取得蓋爾貝的正當理由，因此策劃一連串挑撥與魔族重新開戰的行動。
The lady I sell to is dressed femininely and still gains respect on a business level.”
This makes it possible that, if the system fails, sometimes some data has not been written to the disk involved.
Many consider him the top ballhandler who ever lived.
The children are Alex Russo, Justin Russo, and Max Russo.
Gross income is the income from all sources including wages or salary.
If that happens the defenders are then surrounded.
In the 1920s the Italians created the first airport and enlarged the "Port of Mogadishu".
Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society of London B: Biological Sciences (Royal Society of London) 364 (1522): 1351-1357.
This required a new Island Gardens DLR station to be built, further away from the river, and underground.
The album tour lasted from April 10 to December 3, 2012.
It is the largest of the U.S. Virgin Islands.
The meaning of Mukto-Mona is "free mind".
Consider the motion of a car on the way to school.
You should be able to easily identify the errors on each page by looking for a error.
Khuang Aphaiwongse (17 May 1902 - 15 March 1968) was the fourth prime minister of Thailand.
The company tunes and races Honda vehicles in the Super GT championship.
小行星6180（6180 Bystritskaya）
In Platinum, however, Team Galactic plans to get both legendaries of time and space, causing an enraged Giratina, the third Sinnoh deity who represents dimensions, chaos, and death.
新創建旗下的香港會議展覽中心（管理）
化学式C 30 H 52 可能指：
When the revolutionary says: "The revolution is like a bike ( http://likeabikes.com webarchive ): When it doesn't move forward, it falls.", de Funès attributes the line to Eddy Merckx.
Şehrin nüfusu 26 Kasım 2009 tarihinde toplam nüfusu 1,795 olduğu tespit edilmiştir.
The given name of a stadium can change when another company buys the naming rights to that stadium.
It gets its name from its operating principle, the tangent law of magnetism, which states that the tangent of the angle a compass needle makes is proportional to the ratio of the strengths of the two perpendicular magnetic fields.
It is toxic because it has lead in it.
》中描畫的摩尼雕像特徵相似，應是當年中國南方的摩尼教徒用作宗教崇拜的聖像。
It is still an important stop today.
The Brown-green tree frog is one of many Litoria tree frogs.
波兰恢复波罗的海出海口庆祝仪式。
Black Zetsu would help her to come back.
Then it is a semi-solid rather than a liquid.
Last visited on August 6, 2007.
性慾抑制於當中拆分成了兩個類別——性慾低下症與性厭惡障礙 Irvine 2005，第172页 。
Gharials have sacrificed the great mechanical strength of the robust skull and jaw that most crocodiles and alligators have.
In 2001 Indian Census Muslim population is 4,74,071 (18.34%), Hindu 16,85,044 (65.18%), and Christian 4,23,745 (16.39%).
However, today more notice is taken of specific facts, such as what wind speeds occur once or twice in a century.
當時的法國軍備委員會發佈公告，要求新型戰車的車體上必須安裝一門口徑75毫米的副炮；這是安德烈·波尼亞托夫斯基（André Poniatowski）遊說後的結果，他是SEAM公司其中一家外包設計局的局長，而他所提出的設計（指由安德烈·波尼亞托夫斯基設計後交由SEAM公司提出）毫不令人意外地包含了這個特色（車體上安裝一門75毫米炮）。
The song "Runaway" which was written by Jon Bon Jovi and George Karak reached the first place in a radio talent contest in 1983.
By that time, like many military enterprises, the Great Company had faded out of history.
Marathon（1994）。
The black mamba is a shy animal.
Later researchers determined the theory was just too simple and too general to be accurate.
They are joined by a mid-way connection called a centromere.
Yıldızların evriminde kütlelerinin etkisi konusuyla ilgili olarak A.G.W. Cameron ile birlikte 1967’de yazdıkları bir makale astrofizikte çok atıf aldı.
佛瑞德加·博哲卻留在佛羅多在溪谷地的房子，讓他人認為眾人還留在溪谷地，以延誤眾人離開的消息，以及和甘道夫互通消息。
LTV kanalı ülke'nin yarışmaya katılımını 4 Ağustos 2016 tarihinde onaylamıştır.
美國國內生產總值已在2008年第四季年度值下滑了6.2％。 citation 從2009年2月往前算12個月以內，美國境內就有約500萬人失業。 citation 在美國金融業出現重大裁員，截至2008年9月有65400人已失去工作。 citation 2009年2月，美國失業率攀升至8.1％，是26年來的最高水平。
Brood parasitism works because the parasite develops faster than the resident eggs, kills its nestmates and turfs them out of the nest.
Websites like Learn Na'vi citation have many learning materials and a forum to learn with others.
Yaklaşık 25,000 Boşnak Sırp tehdidi üzerine şehri terk ederek bir başka güvenli bölge olan Potocari'ye ulaştı.
It also gives weight to the boat.
，主要由猶太士兵組成，在整個岡比西斯二世統治期間一直駐守在象島。sfn 錫瓦綠洲和古伊索比亞的遠征以失敗收場。
In Nihonshoki, Keikō fought and won these battles against local tribes.
Quetta lies close to the borders of Afghanistan.
He held that position from c. 667 for about 12 years.
In this game, the player has to control a hungry fish in the sea.
About fifteen percent of pregnancies end in spontaneous abortion.
In the late 19th century the Young Wales (Cymru Fydd) movement decided that he was the father of Welsh nationalism.
Currently, 1 runway is used for takeoff and another used for landing, depending on the approach path used at the time.
姚姓， 始祖为舜帝104世孙姚福源，名立夫，又名源，原居福建莆田县涵头村猪母巷大寨内，于宋孝宗淳熙2年8月16日移居潮州揭阳县崇义乡磐溪都花树坑村（今揭东县白塔镇花坑村）开基肇族。
勝姬婚姻不幸以及次子忠長的仕途不順遂，使得小督晚年充滿苦惱。
To see if a child is having trouble with these, a doctor will talk to people who know the child, and will watch the child's behavior.
Kaya güzel Anqaranın düz boğazının üstüne düştü.
They go to a car dealership to get her one.
Before it was a museum, it was a boys' school.
It was established in 2004 after a subdivision of Zarghun Shar.
Byfield helped found the Wildrose Party of Alberta in 2007.
Marbella'da bir sokak, İspanya 2005.
Food shortage has been a big problem throughout history.
If the baby cannot be pushed out, then a doctor can cut the mother open to take the baby out.
Human Rights Commissioner Rebecca Lucero said the Department could have the results of its report in "several months."
It will pick up its prey, dig its talons into its body and kill it and eat.
Beyinleri, 5 kg'ın üzerinde olan ağırlığıyla karada yaşayan diğer hayvanlarınkinden daha büyüktür.
你說一定要抗擊曹操，與孤意十分相合，此正是上天將你授予孤的原因。
He also wrote the 1991 Eurovision Irish submission "Could It Be That I'm in Love".
One important item was the Cape Feather from Super Mario World, which let Mario change into Cape Mario.
Sklar was formerly Vice President of Concepts and Planning for the company, before being promoted to President, then Vice Chairman and Principal Creative Executive before his final role.
This version is known as the “Urfaust” (“Ur” means “original”, i.e. the “Original Faust”).
Transcendental Meditation has been researched since 1970.
： 'jam dpal bskal bzang rgya mtsho ，1934年－2000年3月11日）
Melisa Nur adında bir kız çocuğu olan çift, 4 Şubat 2013 tarihinde boşandı.
，這樣在操作上和特種部隊已經用習慣的M4A1和Mk 18幾乎一樣，而不必花更多的時間進行適應性訓練。
Many Ethiopian nationalists view the system of ethnic federalism as having made governing in Ethiopia a zero sum game.
民國73年（1984年）6月20日，莊東逝世，享壽82歲。
由于主流的电视信号已切换为数字电视信号，因此大多数型号的 Sony Watchman 失去了用处，它们现在需要连接数字转换器才能正常工作。
All 113 people on board survived.
》正式出道，姜澯熙在劇中飾演男主人公車東株的童年時期，一個喪失聽力的富二代；12月，出演家庭勵志劇《
The first use of taupe as a color name in English was in the early 1800s (exact year is not known).
Sykes says that Fagin has to pay the money within three days.
's peace plans.
Cases had a sharp increase in mid-March. citation Confirmed cases rose to over a hundred per day over the following week, and public areas and businesses were ordered to close in Bangkok and several other provinces.
Both groups have evolved for over 300 million years from the early amniotes.
It usually contains two or more sets of gears.
Elam and the northern part of Mesopotamia (Subartu) were also subjugated and rebellions in Sumer were put down.
When that happens, the president nominates someone new to replace the justice who left.
It is more difficult to understand than the first example, but it will give a better algorithm.
This is similar to the Marsh test for arsenic.
Once in the lair, Numbuh 1 finds Knightbrace in his Dental Assault Chair.
上述過程受Nodal信號通路的調控 。
He received no pension when he was discharged.
Construction of the building began in March 1987 and was finished in November 1989. citation The center was made larger in September 2001 by doubling its square footage.
在谈判过程中，美方一再要求“双方一同撤军”，但越方坚决不接受，美方只好于1971年11月10日放弃折翼要求。
至1990年起成立學生會。1992年，觀塘官立工業中學校友會重新組成 。
Its chemical formula is TlI.
It is written at the bottom of the seal.
He calls Jesus 'the Word' because Jesus was how God told people about himself.
灵溪镇并入周田镇，梅村镇并入黎市镇，凤田镇并入龙归镇、白沙镇并入白土镇，火山镇并入大塘镇。
It stars Thorkild Roose, Olaf Ussing, Preben Neergaard, Lisbeth Movin, Preben Lerdorff Rye, Sigrid Neiiendam and was distributed by Janus Films.
Eğer bulunan eleman(2) ikinci elemandan küçükse 2. eleman ile yer değiştirilir ve bu işlem dizi sonuna kadar devam eder.
Benedetti p. 198 He spent much of his money putting on a play that he wrote.
Its collapse was largely due to Nasser’s efforts to rapidly change the Syrian and Egyptian economies; also, many Syrians disliked that Nasser wanted to centralize government power and operations in Egypt. Ibid.
卡保爾曾以隊長身份帶領法國21以下國家足球隊，但按照國際足協條例，
On March 21, 2015, Nash announced that he was retiring from professional basketball after a 19-year NBA career.
、野鸭等野生动物栖息地 citation 。
'Would it not be gross ignorance, my daughters, if, when a man was questioned about his name, or country, or parents, he could not answer?
He would continue to study and work with the Azande and other Eastern Africans throughout his life.
A tropical cyclone with this wind speed usually develops an eye, which is an area of calm conditions at the center of its circulation.
The kites are decorated with baby boys' names and marks or designs of each town (chō). citation People believe that the higher the kites fly, the healthier the baby boys grow up.
Two films were made of his life and work.
These worms were used to make inks for printing.
Gulls are not usually eaten by people.
，這些渔船需要向瓦努阿圖當局缴交捕鱼费，故中華民國有需要在當地设立机构 citation 。
If the blocked artery is to an arm or leg, they may also die.
申請者需要修畢世界職業治療師聯合會認可的課程，並完成至少1 000小時的臨牀培訓。
It was finished in 1770.
This added to environmental contamination.
Wen-Chin Li; Don Harris, 'Where safety culture meets national culture: The how and why of the China Airlines CI-611 accident', Human Factors and Aerospace Safety, Vol. 5, Iss.
Between 14th and 20th Street is Stuyvesant Town.
He received it for his actions in the Philippine–American War.
在恩典意识中，作为一位基督徒不会减少一丝一毫的中国人身份” 。
It has had airline flights since 1955.
Nowadays, there skits are more general and advanced.
Karposh ve diğerleri esir alındı.
In 2016, he played many matches and Shimizu won the 2nd place in the J2 and was returned to J1 in a year.
Another is methaqualone, also known as Quaalude.
Many more followed over the next two weeks.
His loss was subjected to the most rigorous scrutiny by the Soviet central committee for chess, and he was criticised for lack of adequate preparation.
Between 1978 and 1993 the museum's collection of works by younger artists and especially artists from Cantabria grew bigger.
He represented Malta in some contests, in which it took part in Poland and Slovakia.
Antlaşmanın özellikle iktisadi nitelikteki maddeleri önem taşıyordu: İttifak Devletleri, Rumen petrol kuyularının işletme imtiyazını, tahıl dışsatım tekelini, demiryollarıyla Tuna trafiğinin denetimini ele geçridiler.
Bu araştırmalar doğum öncesi testosteron dalgalanmalarının cinsel kimlik gelişiminde çok önemli olduğunu destekler.
The town has several primary schools and one public secondary school, Daylesford Secondary College.
The story of rats: their impact on us, and our impact on them.
In the mid-2000s, there was a cult following of small filmmakers who used Oobi-style puppets in short movies.
His version was put on the cover of Leslie’s Weekly with the caption “What Are You Doing For Preparedness?”
In 2006 there were 12,733 people living in Williamstown.
Frigg and Freyja were two of the most revered goddesses in Norse mythology.
What tourist attract is the golden grass in Prairie grassland.
Kar kalınlığı o kadar fazla idi ki köhne olan çatı ve damlar çöktü.
Sisnett later married Josephine Evelyn in 1942, with whom he had 6 children, and 9 of his 11 children were living at the time of his death.
，在2016年勇奪最佳人氣王和最萌女校服雙料冠軍，並曾在2015年奪下水手服冠軍和全國人氣亞軍，在2014年奪得第4名以及2017年奪得南部亞軍。
而在其他国家或地区的版本，其内容为“要求個人註冊他們的武器，這樣就可以在必要時候將武器沒收。”
If water or any of the other liquids enter the inlet, the level is failed (the water causes Cranky's food to be covered with more algae, surprising him, while ooze will turn it into a rock and being kicked away, the same is true with mud).
She noticed her father and was curious to know what he was doing.
The first team to win it was the Montreal A.A.A. in 1893.
The following primary cells are only of historical interest.
'e yerleşmiş ve 1286 yılında burada ölmüştür.
Frazier was a world heavyweight championship before.
In the United States, all climbing plants are called vines or ivies or sometimes creepers (like the Virigina Creeper).
方維新（1624年－1648年），本名方弘憲，
Transgender men take testosterone.
It included skull material and the base of the nasal horn.
In 2008, the event was renamed to Night of Champions, keeping the format of the 2007 event, but dropping the Vengeance name.
除了这些结构层次，蛋白质可以在多个类似结构中转换，以行使其生物学功能。
Bu düşük ivme difüzyon, yüksek ivme konveksiyon, ve uzay ve zaman içinde basınç ve hız hızlı değişimini kapsamaktadır.
Some car parks are private car parks.
In 1981, he founded, with Luisín Landaez, La Nuestra, and in 1984, with Cheo García, created La Gran Orquesta de Cheo y Memo.
With the help of her own allies and rebels among the indigenous African allies of Carthage, Rome won the First Punic War after 23 years.
A centuries-old zamburak (swivel gun) used by Subah Khan Tanoli’s clansmen while fighting alongside Ahmad Shah Abdali at Mathura in 1757.
With the introduction of Tristar aircraft, the Boeing 707s were phased out and sold.
Foster believes that attracting young talent is essential, and is proud that the average age of people working for Foster and Partners is 32, just like it was in 1967.
The biggest one was a 7.2 magnitude earthquake on 9 March, about convert from the main earthquake's location.
If a child lives with one parent, that parent has "sole physical custody".
Where it is unavailable or not wanted, the name may be written as Thomas Mueller.
Undisclosed fees are not included in the transfer totals.
K. Michelle later appeared in a musical film called Rebellious Soul: The Musical.
The Greeks had many brilliant ideas.
Two-thirds of the sea is covered in ice in winter.
Of the four cryptograms sent, only one has been definitively solved.
It wasn't until that Freddy begins to try to kill all of the teens, but Jason keeps catching up to him which makes both of them angry.
Family Picidae (Woodpeckers) in del Hoyo J; Elliot A. & Sargatal J. (eds) Handbook of the Birds of the World.
This curdles the cheese and makes it solid.
Each of these principles is still relevant today.
Those parameters are not supported by template Infobox settlement and possibly other templates.
They try to help them find a job instead of just giving them food.
In 2003, at the age of 18, he began playing first division football.
On the contrary, warning symbols and festivals, such as Citipati, are widely spread.
But there is still a need for more ways to control synths to make them more expressive.
战争结束后，他先后创立或资助多家机构和银行。
This photograph was found alongside a picture of Maria Sinforosa Ramona Sanchez, wife of George Nidever, with whom Maria had lived at the Santa Barbara Mission.
该市镇总面积10.21平方公里，2009年时的人口为81人。
It comes from the Latin word catillus ("deep pan or dish for cooking").
Robert was brought up among William's men-at-arms.
He says that the city of Troy contains many layers which is why archeological excavators have yet to reach the remains of the first settlement.
It had 8,510 living there in January 2014.
The crooks trick Pinocchio again, and tell him to go to Pleasure Island.
Doves newest album is The Places Between: The Best of Doves and was released on April 5, 2010.
It has three bus routes.
He is 2nd place on the list of basketball players who have scored the most points all time.
Malappuram is the 50th-most-populous of India's 640 districts, with a population density of convert.
Ace was likely the only profitable part of Grosset & Dunlap by this time. citation citation Ace soon became the science fiction imprint of its parent company.
Wiktor Jarosław Darasz, Mały przewodnik po wierszu polskim, Kraków 2003, p. 143. In English however, is not used often.
倪子明（1919年－2010年11月8日），男，
Nicknamed Dizzy because of how he acts during performances, Gillespie set new standards for trumpet players with his innovative rhythmic and harmonic explorations.
Ayrıca üretilen bu askerler ile Goblin olarak belirtilen cücelerin dünyalarına tekli oyuncu olarak saldırılar yapılabilir.
射擊比賽於8月17日至8月25日在新加坡體育學校舉行。
The second single was "Remember the Time".
崑山高級中學位於原臺南縣市交界處，
Damage to crops is perhaps the most costly economic effect of mites, especially by the spider mites and their relatives, earth mites, thread-footed mites and the gall and rust mites.
He fought once in 1992 and 2004, losing both fights.
Other people in the stories often become angry with Socrates because of this.
During his long career he won 8 times the Austrian Championship and 6 times the Austrian Cup.
This daughter also died.
Drone bees (males) mate with the queen bee so that she can lay eggs.
Broşürün ilk kısmında hayatının sonuna yaklaşmış olan Cromwell'e ölmesi önerilmekte, bu sayede ülkede kurulan baskı rejiminin kaldırılabileceği savunulmaktadır.
Bosley had a daughter Amy Bosley.
They lay their eggs in bunches stuck to plants under water.
This series of images shows the process of restoration of a mural in France.
NASA astronaut deploying American flag during a half phase of the Earth.
Gabrielle scoops up Porpyron, who grabbed Hercules.
This age difference suggests that children as young as 4 prefer their own sex regardless of gender-incongruent behavior.
Some people call him the fastest man in the world.
出獄後隨即偕同大吾進行解散一事，由於考慮到現場反對派可能發生的暴動，僱用了「不應該活著」的桐生，面對大吾的提問，僅是笑稱「他只不過是個臨時請來的保鑣，連名字都不知道」。
In 2010, BWI was listed as the best airport of its size (15–25 mil. passengers) in the world by the Airports Council International.
”一致推翻了国家认可的学校隔离，此后如潮的民权运动的胜利主宰了法律环境。
After the size of the array is defined at the start, it may not be possible to increase the size of the array without creating a new larger array and copying all values into the new array.
However, Japan argues that the resolution only applies to the bays and straits which are shared by multiple countries, and in case of high seas such as the Sea of Japan, it is not applicable.
It has 56 (including the New Crayon Shin-chan series) manga volumes.
FESTUNG: A MATLAB/GNU Octave toolbox for the discontinuous Galerkin method.
無黨籍南庄鄉現任鄉長因涉嫌教唆賄選，被苗栗地方法院判決當選無效定讞而解職。
Borror and DeLong's introduction to the study of insects.
'ın bir alt türüdür.
使用「台灣博碩士論文知識加值系統」查詢，到2011年10月10日為止，己有一本博碩士論文專門以該雜誌為主要的研究對象。
The first canton dwellers established themselves in what today is called Calle Blancos (White Street), the first street neighborhood in the area.
He was the voice of the Butler Bulldogs basketball.
The biggest change recently was when there were two new leagues at level six.
The iPod's Wi-Fi ability can also be used to buy music from the iTunes Store.
The more they win, the more people will want to buy Ray's gear.
In England, Ordeals were common up to and including the reign of Henry II, who introduced Trials by Jury.
，城中惟衛士、上四軍、中軍效勇及東西路弓手七萬人分四壁守禦。
The current chancellor of the university is Jose V. Sartarelli.
In 2007, 39863 people lived there.
The Cuckoo's Calling was published in April 2013, under the pen name Robert Galbraith, and its sequel, called The Silkworm, followed in June 2014.
It is sometimes used instead of 'Lord'.
There are many vectors, including snails, ticks, and fleas.
In 2010, he returned to Tokyo Verdy and managed until September 2012.
但克魯倫巴爾和屯盟当局更讨厌人民的暴动，所以盟当局给抗议者们加大压力，迫使部分原告撤除了自己的名字。
Schumann was right.
He wrote many poems about the war.
Construction of the first parts of the city was finished in the late 1980s.
She was popular during the 1960s in France, where she continued to perform and live.
Japonya'daki bilinen en büyük yakuza sendikası ve Nagoya merkezli yönetici üyesi Kodo-kai'nin başkanıdır.
Using a lot of exercise, it is possible to increase reading speed further.
His family moved to the Washington Heights section of Manhattan when he was 6 months old."
，她還跟塞拉姆·雷米一同研究新音樂。
A number of other large buildings are planned on sites nearby.
The version used by the government does not have the helmet or lion, the version used by the government in Scotland does not have the lion or "In Defens" motto.
最後以悲壯雄勁的高潮結束了兩宋散文的歷程。
Mines in Italy, the United States, and Mexico have been closed.
Nick Martin, "School division mergers move through hearings", Winnipeg Free Press, 26 June 2002, A13.
除了新闻节目以外，大多数省级卫视也会在广告和其他电视节目播出时使用跑马，一般用于电视节目预告宣传，此外也会用于自然灾害预警等。
而西班牙裔或拉丁裔美國人佔此鎮區人口的3.52% 。
除部分少数民族外，一胎化在全国城乡全面实行，仅云南、青海、宁夏、新疆农村可生育两孩（云南、青海限困难户）。
Loons warn others to stay away from their nests by dancing on the water.
考古发掘证明，在公元11到16世纪这里是附近区域的一个政治文化中心，形成了酋邦国家。
The name of this league later gave its name to the canton of Graubünden.
When there is a fire, the echidna will dig down out of reach of the fire.
Until then, the 737 Classics were called the 'new generation' of the 737. Shaw, 1999, p. 7. The 737 Classics were made from 1984 to 2000.
It was designed to compete with the Porsche Panamera and the Aston Martin Rapide.
The biscuit is cooked in an oven preheated to around convert for 15 minutes.
Prokofyev'in bu dönemde ortaya koyduğu diğer eserlerden farklı olarak politik içerikli değildir.
'nun önderliğinde basketbol takımını 1944 Kasım ayında bu defa kalıcı olarak kurdu.
，是霧峰市區的外環道路，全長約2.
The town hall was designed by Cuthbert Brodrick.
“小龙带来的苦恼” citation ，而“几内亚虫”这个名称，
Tin(II) iodide is a red-orange solid.
What we experience as sunlight is actually solar radiation.
Four more horses were harnessed to the box.
This is done by mixing different amounts of napalm and other materials.
Judith was a widow but nothing says the laws could not be applied to a widow either.
Because the droplets are very small, they "stick" to the warm air.
George Klare dies at 84. The Messenger.
They were the first to use the term 'radioactivity', and were pioneers in its study.
At sixteen she became the lead singer of a popular local band at a roadside Holiday Inn.
Then the food passes into the gizzard (also known as the muscular stomach or ventriculus).
The council approved and it went into effect on January 1, 2011.
Gárdony, "the capital of Lake Velencei", is a holiday resort on the south side of the lake.
Some rice cultivation is also seen.
Babur forces defeated Rajput in this decisive battle.
It houses a church, a mosque and a Hindu temple, the latter known for its carvings.
A point guard should maintain his team's offense by controlling the ball safely and pass the ball to the right teammate at the right time.
The music focuses on a guitar, bass and drum sound.
冷军的风格以“超级写实主义”为主。
Monte Albán was the first major city in the western hemisphere.
香港每年的公眾假期共計十七天，其中的十二日被《
At the age of six, Bégin started his hockey career in the minor hockey leagues.
Fossey died at 53 years old.
This is witnessed by the registration of the team in the Balkan Cup tournament of 1929-1931, which started in 1929 (although Albania eventually retired from the competition, before the competition started).
The campaign for the Democratic nomination is extensively addressed.
The crash site of a TAM Airlines airplane in 2007.
A fine head of hair improves the chance of getting a mate and so producing children.
”在未经up主允许的情况下，大量盗取bilibili的视频，甚至连up主的ID和视频下的评论也一并不经修改直接盗取。 citation bilibili通过认证号“up主首席执事”发布《关于某视频App盗传稿件事件的公告》呼吁维权。 citation 同天，B站在发表了《关于用户反馈B站账号可以直接登录360快视频的调查结果》否认了“使用快视频登录输入B站账号密码后，B站账号会被异地登陆”和“用B站账号密码能直接登录360快视频”的传言。
CPR does not start a person's heart again.
In 802, his son Alfonso II of Asturias made it bigger.
In 2006 the population was 57.
溫度下降至3000K，普通物質從輻射中退藕。
It is about a boyfriend having an argument with his girlfriend.
隨後在2005年8月5日，隨著新的相片管理系統的試驗版正式推出，該功能讓使用者更容易地編輯及瀏覽他們的相片 citation 。
He was an Italian Florentine artist whose brilliant work has been distributed across the world by tourists and collectors.
In 1964 Rashida was married to Abdul Hamid.
要學顧涇陽無他的文章，汝何故穿紅衣裳？
Each family must include at least one adult.
根據考古資料，約從西元4世紀至6世紀其間開始有人定居於此。
It was produced by Chris Moore, Warren Zide and Craig Perry and was directed by James B. Rogers.
These usually have large cargo space and few windows.
Arsine is a colorless gas.
The station name occasionally accompanies the secondary name Osaka International Convention Center.
Harryhausen's was originally going to be blown up but due to the September 11 attacks, the explosion was replaced with a plasma containment orb.
This painting is unusual because the nude figure is not meant to be a Goddess and does not seem to have any symbolic meaning.
Numbers: their history and meaning.
二十五代以后，大约有三万名张氏朝鲜人回到德水村来来看望他们的祖先。
He wrote a lovely song called Marias Wiegenlied (''
雖然有些扶他那裡作品中將角色設定在勃起才能顯現，但絕大部分作品則十分強調陰莖的視覺效果。
There is no "standard model" on how life started.
Neither is a standard by which the other can be judged.
，例如main和main，也會用冷卻塔當成排氣煙囪，因此可以節省獨立煙囪結構的費用。
反政府活動；劉曉波先生等主導的《
To date it is the only album released by Frankee.
The new moon phase occurs when the Moon is directly between the Earth and Sun.
The song is a heartbreak ballad about a lover who leaves without warning and the damage it does.
However, Perseus appears to have been recruited by the Soviets around the same (or at least a nearby) time as Fuchs.
The groups are part of sexual identity.
Ancak, turistlerin sessizlik ve fotoğraf çekme kurallarına uymamsına bağlı olarak giriş yapacak kişi sayısına sınırlama getirilebilir.
However he became a fully fledged werewolf.
但他长期带病坚持教学及科研工作，在矩阵论、
He was married twice and had five children.
Some galaxies are irregular and do not have any well-defined disk.
Minogue began a relationship with Joshua Sasse in 2015.
X Corps had 4,000 casualties during the first battle.
Note: Identically named but different article than previously referenced NYT article.
Her old code name was Sherry.
The Encyclopædia Britannica Co., 1910.
If a frequency of light strikes the metal surface that is greater than the cutoff frequency, then the emitted electron will have some kinetic energy.
A recipe is a list of instructions that shows how to prepare or make something such as a food dish.
The Alamosaurus Quetzalcoatlus association probably represent semi-
Twice there has been a matching Packing prize winner and Peoples choice award (neither won the main prize).
The brakes are operated manually by a wooden handle in the station.
As part of the universal city that is the universe, it is our duty to care for all our fellow men.
Meanwhile, Jackson was personally doing reconnaissance.
There is a hearth-like depression at a site in Olorgesailie, Kenya.
's spoken bit in the song "Thriller".
Blood is circulated throughout the body with the help of arteries and veins (blood vessels).
自2013年起，加爾被任命為Mozilla行動工程副總裁 citation 。2014年4月，加爾成為Mozilla首席技術長 citation 。2015年6月，他離開Mozilla citation ，與Firefox OS團隊的另外兩名成員共同創立了物聯網初創公司Silk Labs citation 。
Finding publisher codes for English and German, say, with this effect amounts to solving a linear equation in modular arithmetic.
Even with all of the added complexity and gates needed to support the concepts outlined above, improvements in semiconductor manufacturing soon allowed even more logic gates to be used.
Partly due to this they are seldom eaten by predators.
From these platforms, Withycomb's efficient, innovative, and profitable farming methods became a model for farmers across the Pacific Northwest.
Sea ice also reduces the amount of heat that flows from the sea to the air.
Uluslararası İlişkiler Bölümünde yüksek lisans yaptı.
平均机龄为10.4年 https://www.
监视操演达里刚爱之散秩大臣四格、额驸兴德、尚书特古特、侍读学士巴特玛、还京。
This is one of the things that the Sikh community does to improve relations and understanding between Sikhs and other communities.
In 1983 Lamp'l graduated from Florida State University with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Business.
On that document, he signed his name as “John Craxton.”
專輯以『光這麼說：』為企劃主軸，含有雙關語的主題設定出發點在於任何事物都有一體兩面的觀點，以『光』的意象傳達正面力量，每一次的堅持都能產生一束強而 有力的光芒，同時也以此意象說明空乏的落寞感，對任何事若不堅持到底，最後只會剩下沒有光芒的自己。
Artsakh Cumhuriyeti Ulusal Meclisi (
His birthday is June 3rd.
Light bulbs convert electricity into light and heat.
Although he had 100,000 men he complained he did not have enough troops and supplies to cross into Virginia.
Paul Feyerabend was another philosopher who said that incommensurability was possible in scientific topics.
Because the terrain was rough, most travel was by sea.
Third season all in part 1 episodes 13 and part 2 is episode 13.
The facilities and expertise to produce nuclear power can be readily adapted to produce nuclear weapons.
The Tuatha Dé Danann demand that she and her son remain in the forest, but she refuses to comply.
The song was always performed in every venue.
Tangipahoa Parish had more lynchings than any nearby parish.
Christopher Jerell Redd citation (born March 25, 1985) is an American actor and stand-up comedian.
This converts temperature to usable work.
Hans van der Laan : Modern Primitive》 Richard Padovan.
，地理位置獨特，奇峰兀立，雄偉壯麗，為台灣高山少數仍保存原始風貌之地區。
There was discrimination against the Jumma people in employment, business and education.
They said that this particular value it approached was the actual slope.
It was directed by Glen Walford.
It is used by companies that wants to optimize workflow by automatically tracking and analysing their employees computer activities.
Exploring Syria, George meets Duane and Pearl Henderson, an American couple looking for ancient souvenirs.
Pin stripes on clothing.
This improvement in water quality has also seen other fish thrive.
During his long life Verdi changed opera so that it did not have to obey old-fashioned rules.
In Cicero's time these records were called Annales Maximi.
赵武哭泣着叩头，坚持请求说：“我宁可使自己筋骨受苦，也要一直报答您到您去世之时，难道您忍心离开我去死吗？”
In 2018 according to The Economic Times he features among the top twenty influential world leaders in digital technology and e-government.
Nickelodeon animasyon dizisi Invader Zim'in storyboard sanatçısı ve sanat yönetmeniydi.
Büyükbabası oyuncu ve yazar George du Maurie, babasıysa oyuncu Gerald du Maurier'dir.
Pipelines and shell scripting are common examples of glue languages.
根據深圳市規劃局在2007年7月編制的「深圳市軌道交通規劃」，該城際線屬遠期規劃，會在深圳西部的前海灣出發，經蛇口半島，橫過深圳灣（香港稱后海灣）。
; it is rare for both of them to be on one chip.
On every occasion possible, Frank tried to undermine Mick's Authority on the Watch and in his home life, having an affair with Mick's manic depressive wife, Shauna.
Stuttering and cluttering: frameworks for understanding and treatment.
He went on to study and publish "Experimental Basis for Neurotic Behavior."
It was executive produced by Michael Hefferon, the President of Rainmaker Entertainment.
Translated, the quote reads: "Iron has always made a nation strong, butter and lard have only made the people fat".
He shot his first Bayern goal against VfL Wolfsburg in September 2003.
It was not until 1777 that they had sexual relations.
He took part in seven raids by the guerrilla brigade of Sydir Kovpak.
The fit between the Chinese character and the Vietnamese word is not always exact.
They also did not have the space to give him a mouth or ears, and they could not make hair, so Mario had a moustache, sideburns, and a cap so it would not look like he was bald.
This means the government will be taxing the person on less income.
King Ahab said that there was Micaiah son of Imlah, but ".
As they build, Lady Rectitude tells Christine stories of powerful woman that will be housed inside the city.
So what Q actually said is: "no, if we run R and make it look at a copy of itself it will not run forever".
In the essay, Baldwin called Uncle Tom’s Cabin a "very bad novel".
Eğer 20 makinelik bir ağınız var ise, her bilgisayarı teker teker girip toplam 80 numarayı yazmak zorundasınız.
There is no water in that area.
'de çekilmiş 1996 yapımı bir komedi-drama filmi.
After returning in 1962, she worked as an Aboriginal Liaison Officer with the South Australian Department of Education.
Five commemorative stamps were printed in honour of the event.
Bus stations can be outside, or inside, above or below ground.
」，是惡鬼之類：西方深山中有人焉，身尺餘，袒身捕蝦蟹，性不畏人，怕爆竹聲，見人止宿，暮依其火以炙蝦蟹，名曰山臊。
Also known worldwide by the hottest city in the world at February, 2009.
Judaism says every person can get to heaven and be—once more—near to God.
王平亲自率军在刘敏之后，以防魏军经兴势山东的黄金谷分兵来袭。
The palace became a secondary royal residence after the king moved to Changdeok Palace.
At the same time, an important Burmese man in the town called U Po Kyin makes a plan to have more power and this effects Flory and Veraswami.
She had to stay in the hospital for eight days.
The area of Skjåk was separated from Lom to become a municipality of its own in 1866.
This category has articles on people who died in the year 767.
In 2004, the railway line needed fixing, but the old station building was in the way.
Bijua takes Ramesh with him to prove his innocence, after pleading with Ramesh and Geeta for a long time.
Can Dave and the Chipmunks discover what they really value amid the superficial glamour around them?
Simon calls in again and tells him that he has placed a bomb inside one of the schools in New York City.
The store is now a popular tourist destination in Seattle, attracting up to 10,000 daily visitors, and is often billed as world-famous.
以三個月為單位，每年舉辦四次的預備審查，然後再從中選出整年的最優秀獎（亦有從缺的情況：到2007年九月為止，沒有出現過最優秀獎）。
The 1937 entrance under '
這個標本之後被多位研究人員歸類於不同屬：鳥掌翼龍、
官方于飓风登陆前一天建议史密斯岛的公民撤离，这也是马里兰州东部唯一建议撤离的地区。
This is usually whatever is most popular at the moment.
，其丈夫main成為首位美國州份的第一先生。
Office of Scientific and Technical Information, U.S. DOE.
Both the orchestra and Klemperer wanted it to continue, so the orchestra made their own organizing body (like other London orchestras) and they continued, calling themselves by a new name: the New Philharmonia Orchestra.
In the west of Vlamertinge, along the road to Poperinge, is the hamlet of Brandhoek.
現行的《常用漢字表》於2010年（平成22年）11月30日以平成22年内閣告示第2號發布，共2136字、4388音訓，
This law has caused problems with the people in Taiwan.
再在句子术尾加“它”(沒有其”体意思，作为助词，表示祈俠语气。
Designs, patterns and styles of hanbok have even been used to architecture.
In "Sid", the fifth episode of the season, Cassie tries to kill herself after Sid cancels a date they planned, so that he could be with Michelle Richardson.
Optical fibers (with special chemicals added) can be used as optical amplifiers.
She began working in the radio at Onda Mancha from Almadén (currently Cadena SER Almadén).
The player must also defend their teammates from enemies.
Although the two teams had a strong position over other Scottish teams, they still cannot compete with other leagues for players because other leagues, particularly the English Premiership, have a lot more money to spend.
She is more tolerant towards her neighbours.
The Liberals won the seat by only 130 votes to have a one-seat majority in Parliament.
She was the first woman to receive this degree.
Many Japanese soldiers were killed while still sleeping.
当 OAEP 与任何陷门置换一起使用时，OAEP 的原始版本（Bellare/Rogaway, 1994）在随机预言机模型中显示了一种“明文知晓性”的形式（
Ancient Egyptians, Greeks, and Chinese knew about pig iron, and were producing it as early as 1100BC.
'ın anılarında da İran-Afganistan operasyonları hakkında bilgi bulunur.
He passed his SSC in 1993 and HSC in 1995.
After losing his seat in 1929, he regained it in 1931.
A person who engages in incest is called an incestophile or incestualist.
They demanded that the city remove US$1 billion from the city's police department's $6 billion budget and spend it on education and other things.
It preceded the 1977-1986 Cadillac Fleetwood Brougham and was succeeded by the 1993-1996 Cadillac Fleetwood.
Upon landing at Camp Half-Blood with Reyna and Coach Hedge he leaves them to destroy the onagers, where he finds Will Solace, Lou Ellen and Cecil.
They can go round and round, singing it several times.
大遐畜牧场是位于 东南部的一个以种植、
He could have up to five hearts to prolong his life for a long time.
當時社長松山茂助對札幌啤酒商標的復活頗為盡力，他也是啤酒業界少數醸造技術者出身的社長。
它位於曼谷市中心東南部，一處娛樂場所集中地，名叫忆甲米區（Ekkamai）。
There are five protestant and six catholic churches in the city.
There was a lot of criticism for his support towards the Free Trade Agreement process in Costa Rica.
The 15th edition was reorganised in 1985, and the updated, current version is the 15th edition.
Hastadan istenen rahat olması ve normal bir şekilde nefes alıp vermesidir.
Vita双平台 citation 作品，PSV版2016年7月21日发售；PS4版新增了古代線部分劇情後，於2017年5月25日发售；
She played for Igtisadchi Baku, MKS Dąbrowa Górnicza, and Imoco Conegliano.
Manuel L. Quezon and Sergio Osmeña of the Nacionalista Party were proclaimed the winners, winning the seats of president and vice-president, respectively.
Seigenthaler joined the Nashville newspaper The Tennessean in 1949.
是以馳傳四臨，位踐八命，聲明流瀾，文物照彰，東土著神君之聲，南鄰有靈人之懼。
His health grew worse.
Henry was unhappy at the law not being applied the same way across England.
在蘇格蘭議會選舉中，每位投票人可投兩票。
At first, he did not find any fame.
Lana likes playing in the mud and Lola likes competing in pageants.
In 2015, Chapman went out for a 10-week US tour with the Swedish/Canadian band Killer Bee and he also recorded on their album Eye In The Sky.
This was a row house in the middle of the 6200 block of Osage Avenue.
The most well-known production company is Cloud Ten Pictures.
They move their lophophores into the prevailing water current.
İlk öğrenimini Dağıstan'da gördü.
In its southeastern corner, the shoreline turns northward instead of southward, forming the small Conset Bay.
In other words, it applies legally to a particular situation.
》那讓人感到狂放且激進的方式來擴展宇宙，而《
，此架構一直持續至最多1793年 citation 。1820年起，委員會不再例行開會，一切事務改由秘書處全權處理。1861年，委員會正名「貿易局」 citation 。
As the sovereign's representative in his or her county, the Lord-Lieutenant remains non-political and holds no office in any political party.
Many Hindus believe that bathing in the Ganga can purify a person's soul of all past sins, and some believe that it can also cure illnesses.
Bakst's costumes and set were revived for a week-long Diaghilev Festival directed and staged by Andris Liepa in London, April 2011, with new choreography by Wayne Eagling to music by Scriabin.
該專輯在臺灣和全亞洲的銷量分別超過26萬張和250萬張 citation ，獲得2006年臺灣年度專輯銷量第1名 。
Almanlar Calais Boğazı'na bir çıkarmaya inandıklarından ve hala gerçek çıkarmanın Calaise yapılacağına inandıklarından Müttefiklere ancak D Günü'nde birkaç savaşçı ile karşı çıkabildiler.
Their first worldwide album was released in 1976.
随着南锣鼓巷商业的兴盛，店铺租金也直线上涨 。
The biggest threats to the common chimpanzee are habitat destruction, poaching and disease.
，中国“社会主要矛盾已经转化为人民日益增长的美好生活需要和不平衡不充分的发展之间的矛盾” citation 。
Fold the dough and cut widely.
Öğretim İlke ve Yöntemleri.
Kafr Bara is an Israeli-Arab local council in Israel's Central District, Kafr Bara is a village located in the southern triangle area near Jaljulia under 2,400 square-dunum area of influence.
Ottava rima is a strophe built of eight lines and rhymed abababcc.
For his sbadataggine often to get into trouble but thanks to the cadets always manages to appear as a brilliant commander.
What does it mean for you?
According to Shakoor Khan, an elder from Bakhshali who attended the meeting, "Before the Taliban resorts to torching more schools, we have decided to resist them".
They had three sons and a daughter.
" would be released on 20 October 2008.
Like dragonflies, damselflies cannot walk, but only land.
The first of the 12 trains was delivered on 27 October 2017.
The story begins with the four Turtles (
Two construction workers at work.
Steven H Silver, Evelyn C. Leeper, and Robert B. Schmunk created the award.
Habsburg Spain was, for well over a century, the world's greatest power.
Motor vehicle accidents are the most common cause of pulmonary contusion.
If Astrid lies and agrees to Ingrid's version of the story, Ingrid will be likely be freed.
海星中學設有小學部及中學部，小學為六年制。
Yumplatok is spoken on the islands more than the other languages.
弘治九年（1496年）中式丙辰科二甲第五十六名進士 citation citation 。
The station is the terminal station of the old abolished railway-line 64 (Ypres – Roeselare) and the also abolished railway-line 65 (Roeselare – Menen – French frontier).
They are the parts which makes the sound louder.
It was built in the second part of 12th century, Richesheures.
By the time his presidency ended in 1837, Jackson had gotten Native Americans to sign almost 70 treaties giving up their land.
Which he managed.
That means your latest post goes to the top of the page.
This makes a lot of energy (e.g. light and heat).
As the Oracle, she cannot fall in love or have children.
M'baye takes the most difficult legal cases.
Nine of these schools play football in the OVC; one plays football in another conference; and two do not play football at all.
The green tree frog can be brown or green.
There are hanbok for men, women, royal court, government officials and children.
Another crossover was ordered for Christmas 2005.
With the site acquired, in 1941, construction funds soon followed and Naval Reserve Air Base (NRAB) Los Alamitos began to take shape.
For example, all chemicals entering the reactor must have all sulfur removed.
The co-pilot was First Officer Kleyber Lima, age 54. He had almost 14,800 hours of flying experience.
This is the smallest population of any municipality in Germany.
A process with two threads of execution.
Kırk gün güneş görmeyen bir ahırda ıslah edilmiştir.
In summer 2016, he returned to Cerezo and Cerezo was promoted to J1 end of the 2016 season.
At the start of the game, players are put in a random location in the game world.
In their conversation, it becomes evident that Anna was abused by her parents as a child.
The right to die is the belief that people have the right to end their own lives.
Today, they are usually celebrations of the LGBT community.
Their main concern was to see how the Greek ideas could be fitted into their religious view of the world.
It tells some kind of story, even if it is a very short one.
İmparatorluk tacı giydiği yılda güney İtalya'ya yürüdü ve rakipleri olan Bevento Düklerinde Radelchis ve Siconulf'u barış yapmaya zorladı.
They are able to work freely without being under human control.
The board was generally favorable to unions.
The process of integration took 7 years during which Merwan often stayed at Upasni's ashram.
On the older game, comments by Aṣ-Ṣūlī (transl. Murray p227) and on the modern game, standard text-book values.
Bursa il merkezine 101 km, Mustafakemalpaşa ilçesine 16 km uzaklıktadır.
Late 19th century French Marines (officer and private).
This view holds that punishments allowed in 1790 could be used today.
His fourth special, Jeff Dunham: Controlled Chaos, premiered on September 25, 2011 on Comedy Central.
INTLAB can help users to solve the following mathematical/numerical problems with interval arithmetic.
Also for other leaderboards.
For example, in Thai, the syllable written as the consonant-vowel pair หา is pronounced hā, but the syllable just written as a consonant ห is pronounced hɔ.
Some of the gender roles that taught in the United states include standards of behavior, dressing and speaking in regards to whether one is female or male.
Irina Spasky is a Lucian woman in her 40s or 50s.
Amin and his two sons were killed in the fighting by this time.
The fourth most populous is North America, and then South America.
苏格拉底是巴西足坛的一个另类，
Athena considers Percy to be very dangerous as he has the potential of fulfilling the Prophecy that a child of one of the Big Three will destroy Olympus.
常伴腎外囊腫，特別見於肝臟，其他器官包括胰腺、卵巢、胃腸道及大血管等。
Today the Oktoberfest is the world's largest fair, and it has become very famous and popular.
It relates to the building of the Amundsen-Scott Research Station.
Decompressive laparotomy for abdominal compartment syndrome in children: before it is too late.
It has sold over 2,100,000 copies in the United Kingdom.
This final change was overtaken by the decision in June 1987 by Andy Allen, Central's director of programmes, to axe the series.
Thirsty Man has not yet opened the water bottle.
She also played a doomed housewife in the 1975 movie The Stepford Wives, which was well received.
If they do not want to play, they can get out of the taxi.
Muller resigned on 14 July 2020, stating, "I am not the best person to be Leader of the Opposition and Leader of the New Zealand National Party at this critical time for New Zealand" and that the role has had a negative impact on his health.
" (sometimes called "M.
There are two Fallopian tubes attached to either side of the end of the uterus.
In the spring of 1863, Hill was detached to help defend North Carolina and Southern Virginia.
He is married to Simi Cruz.
More than half of those people are Alaska Natives.
Diğer konumların çekimi SQ ile orantılıdır.
Many of the past winners have gone on to play football in college and become professional football players.
With the collapse of the empire the dynasty came to an end.
Hsinchu City is made up of three districts: North District, East District, and Siangshan District.
The song and its music video were released on April 20, 2018.
They were a different breed, living right to the end of the age of dinosaurs".
Fortas argued that it was impossible for a person to get a fair trial without a lawyer.
曾為了讓肉食動物與草食動物，而以基因工程的方式改造農作物並且創造出能夠同時滿足兩種動物的果實，而稱為「永恆的果實」，但因為事後仍無法改變弱肉強食的情形，而在失望下帶著自己的技術躲到高山中。
If the patient has TB, but does not show symptoms, the disease is 'latent'.
Caching proxy servers reduce the work load of the remote server.
The legs are attached at the pelvis.
The Huguenots do capture several cities (including Orleans), and march on Paris.
USP Strong Iodine Tincture: for every 100 mL, it has 6.8 to 7.5 grams of iodine, 4.7 to 5.5 grams of potassium iodide, and 50 mL ethanol.
That was used until 1980, when people needed to specify the red more scientifically.
The company directors believed Barnum was using the bridge for circus publicity.
同時，大家試圖用自己的方試解除威脅，在主角John的「追溯連貫性」能力的幫助下，他們最終打敗了The Condesce和Jack Noir，成功創造一個新的宇宙。
In 1981, the British government changed the status of Saint Helena and the other Crown colonies to "British Dependent Territories".
The album included the singles "Spiralling", "The Lovers Are Losing", "Perfect Symmetry" and "Better Than This".
Tube Lines was later acquired by TfL in 2011, and managed as owner-designer firm.
He was selected Best Eleven in 1983.
He thinks he is a failure because he made his newspaper company just to be popular and so he can become rich.
Jonathan Maltbie was her first master and the first Argus was sold in 1804.
During its final years, the Minardi team was almost as famous for its politics as its racing.
Bebek pandanın gözlerinin görmeye başlaması 6 hafta sürer.
： gnam ru rdzong ，意思是天队县）。
粉絲名為「糖果」，應援色為「糖果黃」。
The book ends with Eragon promising again to himself that he will go to the elves.
Short-period comets can be predicted very accurately.
It was also the highest-grossing film ever of an Indian film.
He won a silver medal in the amateur road race at the 1963 UCI Road World Championships.
Halı Satıcısı, "Doğu-Batı karşıtlığı" konusuna bir örnek teşkil eder.
Carlton wanted some of the audio-visual companies that were part of UEI.
In the Dewali Puja, Kshetris of the same clan give male goat sacrifices at a particular place.
Pages in 2019 Pacific typhoon season are listed here.
）定居，經營一間貿易站，並有一個情婦。
In 2007 the band released their first album What's the Time Mr. Wolf?
McIlrath played bass with the band until 1999 when he quit to form Transistor Revolt, which would soon become Rise Against.
Blind Love is a 2006 independent low-budget movie.
The stamped concrete structure is typical of Wright's pioneering design.
Dönem sanatçıları eleştiri türünde de eser vermeye vermiş, edebi türleri tanıtmaya çalışmışlardır.
It was originally planned for 2012, but was delayed to 2021.
This was a counteraction against the new Soviet sphere of influence.
She died unmarried.
，並一直使用到了1982年，這時採用簡化後的單調正寫法替代了它，新正寫法對應於現代希臘語音系，只需要兩個變音符號。
The locals, speak Spanish and the local dialect of the Mixe language.
The movie premiered at the 2008 Toronto International Film Festival in September 2008, and was released in the United States on October 16, 2009.
The findings were published in the New England Journal of Medicine on June 7, 2007.
Stress, social behavior, and resilience: Insights from rodents.
Because of this, rainfall warnings were declared for parts of southern Newfoundland.
Gunslinger is a game like Outlaw.
Avro RJ/BAe 146, üretilen 387 uçakla en başarılı Britanyalı sivil jet uçağı programıdır.
阳光卫视是一家以制作历史、人文、财经、时政节目和记录片为主要内容的中文电视频道。
For this club he played from 1924 till his death 1939.
Princeton University Press p. 112 to convert in length, Holtz, Thomas R. Jr. 2011.
In 1956, Liang transferred to the Fifth Institute of Ministry of Defense.
The rainfall occurs usually between May and September.
Çünkü Grimm Kardeşler, bütün bu masal derlemeleri sırasında Alman dilini bütün teferruatıyla incelemişler ve dilin bugünkü durumunu almasına büyük hizmette bulunmuşlardır.
Since moving to Kamloops, the Blazers have only missed the playoffs twice in their 30 seasons.
Other Muslims do believe that one species can develop from another.
Henan is now the province of China with the most people.
Stalin died on March 5, 1953.
Lili left almost $1 billion in damage and killed 15 people.
In art, the most famous representation was a marble group of Niobe and her children, taken by Sosius to Rome and set up in the temple of Apollo Sosianus (Pliny, Nat. Hist. xxxvi.
Johannes Kepler found a simple way to say how the planets move.
In May 2018, he was arrested.
The Robert L. Bradshaw International Airport serves the island, and is in the city's most north easterly area.
Birçok önemli projedede yer aldı korku filmi Horror Stories 2 ve Baek Seung-heon'un Til the Sun Rises müzik videosunda Kim Jaejoong ile yer aldı.
After his death, his son became the ruler.
He has the kids working in the mine to find more of the stones.
In 2011, Apple Vacations said it would stop USA3000 Airlines from flying.
它們的封面與詳細曲目內容則在4月15日在公開 citation ，並自5月22日到32日在愛知、大阪和東京舉行《SPRING LIVE 2016 ～We’re like a puzzle～》演唱會 citation 。
Sometimes people call CLI “Console”, but consoles can be GUI, too.
By the end of the 19th century, there were only less than 100.000 Aboriginal people.
，山东铜元局裁撤 citation 。
China is one of the world's oldest continuous (still alive) civilizations.
Within minutes they were dead or dying.
此后，胡志明成为越南党政领袖直至逝世。
Chile road sign RPI-2.
The L1 cache is the fastest (and most expensive per byte) cache and is "closest" to the CPU.
His large-scale commissions made him exceptionally rich.
Turn the equation into multiplication by flipping one of the fractions.
如此這般，美國於境外廣為推行這些理念，
政黨須在選舉中超過3%的票數才可獲得席次。
Voyager 2 in the Uranian system: imaging science results.
Periyar formed the Self-Respect Movement in 1925, breaking in the process from the Indian National Congress party, of which he had been a member until then.
'e transfer olan oyuncu, 2 sezonda 15 maça çıktı.
It is the largest medical library in the world.
He was President of the Senate of Mauritania from 2006 until his death.
A modern account for the general public focusing on politics, strategy and intelligence.
Telomere shortening eventually makes cell division impossible, and this ageing of the cell population may cause the overall physical ageing of the human body.
Bilim merkezleri ile çocuklarımızın bilimin temellerini görerek, dokunarak, yaşayarak kavramalarını ve bilimi sevmelerini sağlıyoruz."
The game went on without goals until Jermaine Jones's goal equalized the game from a corner.
Lundell is one of the biggest YouTubers in Sweden.
These natural blind spots are present only in the eyes of vertebrates.
A detailed design was made by Lewis Cubitt.
Inoue called the invasion convoy to Rabaul, postponed MO to 3 July, and ordered his forces to gather northeast of the Solomons to begin the RY operation.
Edgar Cayce encouraged everyone to interpret and use his or her own dreams in day-to-day life.
Bu albüm YouTube' de 30 milyon kişinin izlemesine neden olmuştur.
Perhaps the most famous Sarabande is one written by an unknown composer.
国家灵体会一般以国家为单位组成。
She won two National Film Awards for the movies she produced; Kalat Nakalat (1989) and Tu Tithe Mee (1998).
而在隔一年，她代表烏克蘭參加main，並與夥伴基里洛·凱特洛夫贏得季軍。
This river goes across Central Seoul.
However, in Demon's Souls, while certain areas can be played out of order, many of the areas must be explored in a stricter order.
Jugs nearly always have a handle.
Ken Schultz, Ken Schultz's Field Guide to Freshwater Fish (Hoboken, NJ: Wiley, 2004), p. 145 They are smaller than true muskies but can grow up to 1.5 times faster in the first year.
领导人想要一种体制，在这种体制中，人民可以通过社团而不是分裂的政党来代表其利益，国家利益优先于部门诉求。
Reinforcing a flank at night or out of sight of the enemy is not so much a tactical maneuver as depending on surprise.
Today, some people still use mysterious codes to show their love.
The food's label will say how much calcium it has in it.
Biplane wing planform and flight performance of the feathered dinosaur Microraptor gui.
It acts as co-ordinator of European interests in national research agencies.
When a tropical depression intensifies into a tropical storm to the north of the Equator between 140°W and 180° it is named by the CPHC.
It is based on what a person thinks or prefers.
當塗縣的一所公立全日制高級中學，於1906年建校。
It has become a dominant species on Santa Cruz Island, taking over from the shrub Miconia and Fern-Sedges.
和華南戲院 三間戲院的成立時間依《南瀛戲院誌》所載依序是金紫、東文社、華南，但在陳美惠〈鹽水老戲院〉一文中則寫東文社戲院創立於1946年 ，較1956年（民國四十五年）的金紫戲院早，兩者之間的正確順序為何仍需待查，故暫將相關資訊記於註中。
TARİHİ: 93 Harbi olarak bilinen 1877-78 yıllarında OSMANLI-Rus Savaşı sonunda Batum'un Acara ilçesinden Türkiye'ye gelen Gürcülerin kurduğu bir köydür.
荀淑讚嘆說黃憲足以當他的老師。
The one senator that served more years is called the Senior senator.
After an unsuccessful stint in Europe, he returned to Japan and signed for Niigata in February 2012.
Droop proportionality means that a majority-size solid coalition will always be able to elect at least half of the seats.
Its furrows are 3.40 meters deep.
Kumyks are also present.
In 2010, 4,087 people lived there.
一期共设12站，其中已开通11站，藉河景观公园站暂缓开通。
The game is played with 20-minute halves.
Her first major role was in 1971 as Sarah Moffat in Upstairs, Downstairs.
The category is for articles and events specifically related to the decade of the 210s which begins in the year 210 and ends in the year 219.
So to work out its slope, a straight line can be drawn through the point with the same slope as the curve at that point.
This episode has many similarities to the movie, The Stepford Wives.
The basic meaning is to be hostile under the cover of friendliness.
，是日本史上歷時最久、製作費最高的動畫片之一。
In 2010, 6,059 people lived there.
》中“李麗”一角，競逐第32屆香港電影金像獎最佳女主角最後五強，
Ko managed to sneak out from the house at 4:00 AM in the morning and informed the police.
Wallace was married to Laurleen Wallace until her death.
，字子之（《宋衛策》、《說宛》）
But 1778 his wife died.
Legislation may start by either the Government or one of the members of Parliament.
、禽病學、牛病學、豬病學、小動物疾病學等，並要多年的診療實習，執業期間要顧及法規與倫理。
》，因劇中點出許多醫療與程序上的衝突而頗受好評。
After hearing of Heihachi's death, people though that it would bring the end of the Mishima Zaibatsu.
As regards the kilogram, relativity’s effect upon the constancy of matter’s mass is simply an interesting scientific phenomenon that has zero effect on the definition of the kilogram and its practical realizations.
Example use includes: systems management, monitoring, maintenance, and software installation.
After this, mathematicians mostly stopped trying to prove the fifth postulate from the other four postulates.
Aracın önündeki vites ve direksiyon dişli kutusuna burunda yer alan iki ayrı kapaktan erişilmektedir.
The promotions of the reissue began in musical programs since September 7 in M! Countdown.
This decision was controversial with the movie makers.
The boy said “No, it can be divided by 641”.
By the next week, sales dropped drastically.
This is the worst ever crash of a Boeing 737 aircraft.
蓋寬饒着任衛司馬，慣例衛尉私下派衛司馬出去买东西。
These places can make sure that an alcoholic has a safe detox.
Kinsey thought about two areas of sexual orientation.
Karma Tshering of the Bhutanese Customs said, "If any foreigner is caught selling tobacco products to Bhutanese nationals, he will be charged with smuggling.
Major ondaki bu kendi tabiriyle "güzel genç bayan"'dan "gerçek ve tehlikeli düşman"a dönüşümü fark etmiştir.
，但球队最终1-3输给了保加利亚，比坎也没有收获进球。
Also, many species have specific habitat requirements or live on small islands and have naturally small ranges, making them especially vulnerable.
Starčević believed that Bosniaks were the "the best Croats", and claimed that "Bosnian Muslims are a part of the Croatian people and of the purest Croatian blood".
She also did other television shows.
The New York Jets started playing in 1960.
Someone who has a job looking after forests is called a forester.
They made an album called "Heart", and it sold lots of copies.
， citation 简则是唯一的见证人。
The photocopying company could have paid a nominal fee to the University and then used the material.
Çift, Ocak 2019'da nişanlandı ve düğün tarihi Ocak 2021'de olacaktı.
In August 2008 there were 189 supermarkets in Victoria that were to be changed from being called Safeway to Woolworths.
咸豐九年為福建巡撫時，辦理美國首次在臺灣開市等夷務，《籌辦夷務始末》亦有載。
Some famous classical trumpet players are Adolph Herseth, Sergei Nakariakov and Maurice Andre.
Compared to the size of the mother, the eggs are the largest of any bird species.
兩人開始建立出互相尊重的合作關係，直到Civil War爆發，Deadpool選擇成為支持英雄註冊的一方，兩人分道揚鑣。
Kaskasia, Illinois, is evacuated in the Great Flood of 1993.
斯威夫特表示，合约中包含了斯威夫特可以擁有她的專輯及歌曲的所有版權及权利的条款，此外，
He was born in Pontypool, Wales.
Henry summoned Becket to appear before a great council at Northampton Castle on 8 October 1164, to answer allegations.
They forced the Chinese to leave Lambing Flat.
言語学大辞典セレクション：日本列島の言語 (Selection from the Encyclopædia of Linguistics: The Languages of the Japanese Archipelago).
The two teams have never met before.
Many judges and lawyers asked for a way to bring improved research and education to the courts.
In 2002, at the National Institute of Education he defended his dissertation on psychology on "Psychological features of personality adaptation in conditions of relative social isolation."
She was found ten days later because she had said where her boyfriend worked.
This use of 'character state' allows Futuyma to use terms such as 'ancestral state' and 'derived state' when talking about the evolution of characters.
The evidence for this is the extra size of pterodactyl and bird brains compared with the reptile brains the groups started out with.
这些飞机也装备了防弹玻璃，机舱内装甲和荧光仪表。
By the Sword is a 1991 action-
The Roadster could go convert on a single charge.
He took the position on 31 October 2009, Before he was Chief Operating Officer of the club.
Because lots of small towns don't have hospitals and doctors, there are also some buses that run from small towns into big cities.
This meant that anybody could call in the police.
Rhett informs Scarlett that he is leaving to join the army.
據祀典武廟常務委員陳仁壽表示，祀典武廟太歲殿內有六十五座神尊，
當中一些內容，據學者任明華指出，
，是一些大学研究园对创业者进行技术上的帮助，
海軍陸戰隊雖仍隸屬於海軍，但具有半獨立性質。
The bee was adopted in the 19th century as a symbol of industry—Manchester being the birthplace of the Industrial Revolution.
Most commonly, the leader of the party or coalition with the most votes becomes the Prime Minister.
's 1995 album The Riddlebox, the track "Ol' Evil Eye" was inspired by this story.
It may be moving back as quickly as possible in order to save your army from defeat.
Johann Christian belonged to the Classical period.
The energy distribution of cosmic rays peaks at convert.
Using her magical powers, Chitralekha spirited Aniruddha away to the princess' boudoir where the two married each other according to Gandharva rites, without the knowledge of the king.
Its motto is "Passion for discovery".
：小芳，被认为是描写知青在农村恋情的歌曲，曾流行一时。
The movie became the first — and so far, only —
She also performs as a solo artist and is an actress in movies and television.
The island has around 138,000 inhabitants and its largest city, and in the archipelago, is Ponta Delgada.
For viewing Office Open XML documents, Office Compatibility Pack for Word, Excel, and PowerPoint File Formats must be installed.
Bento are often sold in train stations.
The storms produced tornadoes.
，1989年3月至7月在上海佘山修院，之后在乐山教区任职，
Some other countries are starting to "decriminalize" and even completely legalise cannabis as (make using it or having it no longer be a crime).
It was the last album they all worked on together before starting to split up.
The hall is a Jacobean mansion, built partly with stone from the Abbey ruins.
十一月初三日生，行二，曾祖宋處仁；祖宋均義；父宋鑑；母劉氏。
İspanyol oyuncunun 2 yıllık ve kiralık olarak sözleşme imzaladığı 3 numaralı formayı giyeceği açıklandı.
橫濱市的經常收支比率在政令指定都市中排名第7，財政力指數在政令指定都市中排名第6，均高於政令指定都市平均水準 citation 。
In the video, Knowles is performing as Sasha Fierce.
He is now married to Lorrie Jones.
The six original forms of the dance are leishem, leitai, nongdai, leipekpa, leihouba and leipiba.
He is a spy for the government but he finds it difficult to save the world from Dr. Evil.
Current research seeks connections between dreaming and current knowledge about how the brain works, as well as understanding of how the brain works during dreaming as pertains to memory formation and mental disorders.
However, many astronomers think they must exist, because many astronomical observations would be hard to explain if they didn't.
On the current account, there are no currency conversion restrictions hindering buying or selling foreign exchange (though trade barriers do exist).
The tape was soon leaked onto the internet and became very famous.
His son Hazem Emam (born 1975) also played football.
It is called the Skydeck.
Caroll played for Newcastle in the Premier League again.
If two-thirds of both the House and Senate agree, the President is declared unable to discharge his duties and the Vice President stays in control of the Presidency.
In the final match, she lost to Lita.
It has views down the Nevern Valley to the sea.
If the President signs or ignores the bill, it becomes a federal law.
His family was very poor. citation Abraham had one brother and one sister.
Other notable schools include St. John's Academy and St. Peter's Primary School.
The railway lines, originally built to transport sugar cane to the central sugar factory in Basseterre, are now used to transport tourists via the "St.
His success gained Gonzalez a lot of attention and popularity.
The people who live in upstate New York came from different places than the people who live in New York City.
阿斯托里亞酒店為新古典主義風格建築，
James Guy Tucker Jr. (born June 13, 1943) is an American lawyer and politician.
's third largest city.
It is thirty minutes long.
They are tired of needing to use unpaid volunteers.
Paper used for money is made in special ways.
Another invention was called the "horological torpedo".
Siegfried’s hunting horn is heard, and then the hunting horn of the Gibichungs.
在无所适从的社会背景下，于是产生了对现实采取嘲笑抨击，揭露和讽刺，幻想和否定结合在一起的“
He held the office of Czech Minister of Culture from 1992 to 1994. citation He was also the first Minister of Culture of the Czech Republic.
It became more popular in the early 1990s.
並且老是策劃一些陰謀要來陷害小安和嘟嘟。
If the snow is not deep, they use their hooves to uncover moss and leaves.
Early in his tenure, Munitz reorganized the Getty Trust, closing two of the institution's six programs – the Getty Information Institute and the Getty Education Institute.
Santa Fe (the original goal of the railroad) was on a short branch from Lamy, New Mexico.
乙一，丙二是地井型号，部署在长城工程的隧道和地井中，它们的部署情况也没有公开过。
Winnie Couture is featured in publications such as, Modern Brides, The Knot, InStyle Weddings, Brides, and Modern Luxury.
At the time of his death he was the top-scoring ace from the US, making him the ace of aces.
Selenium is used in photocells.
The differences in the fauna of North and South America had been known for some time.
Although this was three years before Wilhelm Johannsen used the word "
It takes about one hour and forty minutes from Chuncheon station to Sangbong station in Seoul.
His father was Robert Newbery, Marks, Diana F. (2006).
There are no salary caps or age restrictions.
June 8, 2019) was an American roots musician, citation singer, songwriter, teacher, and visual artist.
"The Statistical Theory of Racism and Sexism" (see Selected Publications) He also published research on economic justice, using ideas from Rawls book "A Theory of Justice".
If they were convicted, they would be sent to prison.
Yapımcıların mümkün olan her olasılığı kullanmasından sonra bunlar aşamalı olarak diziden kaldırıldı.
The player can freely travel around Skyrim, it is an open-world game.
The use of color is based on records dating back to 1753.
It was released in April 2011 through Top Dawg Entertainment.
至宫禁嬖昵，非外间所应知者，皆反复其言，而上之人亦不以为罪。
Second leg was played on 17 May 1972.
In this meaning of the common word hang, the past and past participle is hanged Oxford English Dictionary (2015 update), OUP, Oxford, UK instead of hung.
In London, the British government began to debate about Ireland's rule.
Its lack of supervision means the shows are of unpredictable standard.
Very few one-party states are genuinely democratic, where there are no limits against other parties.
All agree that the book is very old and was written before the Mahabharata.
Hollywood Records thought that re-releasing "Hey There Delilah" would make the band famous.
Prognathism describes when part or all of the face sticks out more than normal.
Many people notable from public life take part in the opening ceremony.
戴维斯认为节目的幽默构想源头就不怎么好笑，怀疑老是聚焦艾比和威尔时断时续的恋情根本不会有理想效果 。
His picture is seen everywhere, along with the words "Big Brother is watching you."
Some 170,000 items which are not on current display are stored at Blythe House in West Kensington.
然而，该工厂开始仅两个月，就有五名工人相继因铅中毒而死亡，加深了公众对四乙基铅安全性的怀疑。
由于NRL确保进入2000年的比赛，并为合并的俱乐部提供600万澳元的资金，许多在挣扎生存的俱乐部都谈判合并。
Steiner believed every human being had the wisdom to understand the mysteries of existence.
Television services direct from Melbourne can be received in Colac but large antenna arrays must be used with mixed results.
綾崎颯的父親（綾崎瞬）、母親、哥哥（綾崎戰）現在下落不明。
》）是一部電視真人秀的文化批評。
The ocean-reach of JSDF is the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force (JMSDF).
在漫畫最終回中，在二階堂悠與三條由佳里的婚禮上回來並跟奏子一起。
This virus was used to kill millions of rabbits that were destroying large areas of Australian grasslands and farms.
Over the course of her life, she organized several other campaigns to help the library grow to 100,000 volumes.
Sudbury is in the Stour Valley.
There were guard towers outside the fence.
One is used in Telex and early computing applications.
Genellikle bu bilgi hep karıştırılır, ama mıknatısın kuzey kutbuna kuzey denmesinin sebebi, eğer bir dış etken olmadan dönüş hareketi yaparsa, mıknatısın kuzey kutbu, coğrafi kuzeye doğru bakar.
Akomodasyon var reaksiyon yok olarak ifade edilir.
Their relationship is never specifically described.
He was the Minister of Culture three times, serving for four months in 1999, from 2001 to 2005 and finally from 2006 to 2007.
William B. Thayer and his wife donated their personal art collection to KU, valued at $150,000.
PDF is often used to make documents print-ready.
The man on the bicycle, Robert Urick, 41, was "charged with attempted homicide, aggravated assault and weapons offenses."
The prelude opens with a "serene" theme in D flat.
St. George worked for Barrett at around this time but was not involved in design or engineering duties.
This is to allow for the specimen to be kept very still in order for the SEM to produce good images.
"Originally from Sayreville, New Jersey I grew up playing ice hockey my entire life."
The town is on the River Cree with most of the town to the west of the river, and is sometimes referred to as the "Gateway to the Galloway Hills".
She was a university professor.
He is succeeded by his son Nepherites II, but he is overthrown by Nectanebo I within the year.
The organisation directly employed or controlled just over 13,000 people, about 3,200 of whom were women.
Since then, several women have attained the Vice Presidency, and the female proportion after the Cold War has been about 15%.
It then very quickly started spreading to other countries.
Image:Selcuk woman edit.
途中克服种种困难，最后迁至浑河上游的苏子河，与先期迁到当地的李满住部重新会聚到一起。
For hosting the event, WWE will receive a $250,000 cash incentive from the Miami-Dade Sports Commission raised through grants and sponsorships.
This is with parental and government approval as an alternative to prosecuting the defendant.
Retrieved on 24 September 2009.
The crystals are usually larger than in extrusive rocks.
The UVA Hospital's Pegasus service can carry sick people to bigger hospitals.
The need for electronic commerce emerged from the need to use computers more efficiently in banks and corporations.
Also, the latest styles and electronic appliances (which are old-fashioned in the eyes of modern-day audiences) of the times are shown to add the sense of reality.
Homosexuality is known to exist in all cultures and countries.
Luiz Rhodolfo gümüş 11 de yer aldı.
Tolkien wrote other books, for example Farmer Giles Of Ham, and also illustrated (drew the pictures and maps for) The Lord of the Rings.
，主張台灣與中國是兩個國家；但馬英九提出的主張，認為兩岸不是國與國關係。
Also, at The 33rd annual Korean Association of Film Critics Awards held on November 29, The Face Reader also won three awards for Best Male Actor, Best New Actor, and Best Music Score.
Norris lives in his house in Dublin.
"Smile" was released on April 11, 2011 to Australian radio stations.
It was redirected into the lake in 1878.
大寶二年，景圍王僧辯于巴陵，元帝乃引僧佑於獄，拜為假節、武猛將軍，封新市縣侯，令援僧辯。
』的特殊能力，每一個字你都看得懂，看完之後卻不知道她說了什麼。
他是冰岛音乐唱片公司Bedroom Community的成员。
Even though current President Temer said he would not run, he received an eight-year ban from holding office on 2 June 2016 for violating election laws.
The capital is Cuilapa.
He lost in the first round of the election in February 2019.
A pulmonary contusion (or lung contusion) is a contusion (
Her husband died just after three months of her retirement as the President.
，拜仁慕尼黑以3-0在比賽中獲勝。
They range from about 15 to 100 centimetres (6 to 40 inches) long.
He might have done so by not disclosing his ownership of a digital marketing company, Tin Moon.
All of this was apparently intended to inspire the French to rejoin the struggle against the British.
Modern windshields are generally made of laminated safety glass, a type of treated glass.
" " is the -intercept.
，愛德華七世在翌年繼任，賽事也改稱為皇席錦標。
The manatee nuns from “The Last Jedi” may not take an immediate liking to Rey, but we sure like them.
The following table gives a listing of those who died and those who survived, grouped by age, gender and ships class.
She became Empress Michiko in 1989 when her husband became Emperor.
几位教授偶然得知他的踪迹，踏上了寻找这位神秘作家的旅途，
He did not record a point, but had 29 penalty minutes in his four games.
In medieval times, the area of Cavan was part of East Bréifne after its ruling Gaelic family.
Each flower in an inflorescence may have its own whorl of bracts.
The public schools and other facilities designed for blacks were always inferior.
从太古时代起，三相女神就出现在众多文化中。
Now, induce an error in one of the computations.
Pompey's ashes were eventually returned to Cornelia, who carried them to his country house near Alba.
Western Civilization: sources, images and interpretations.
At that time, agriculture and trading were two main economic activities of Tamil people.
Jan Ullrich finished fourth, while Andreas Klöden was the best placed rider of the team in second place.
Charles Cecil said that it sold around a 1.000.000 copies in the mid 90's.
The Battle of Anchem which killed Ras Gugsa Welle was in Debre Zebit.
德军在红军的哈尔科夫防御战役（1943年2月19日—3月15日）中的成功收复了哈尔科夫使得德军又充满了信心，
Achebe wrote his first short story, "In a Village Church," at university.
Crumb founded an animal organization for rescued animals.
Purple cauliflower (violet cauliflower) is also a type of broccoli.
" recognized only by Turkey.
Benois wrote, "The metamorphosis took place when he put on his costume and covered his face with make-up — I was surprised at the courage Vaslav showed, after all his jeune premier successes, in appearing as a horrible half-doll, half-human grotesque.
Daxter can turn into Dark Daxter in some levels.
高密度的比赛导致球员的伤病增加，因此在后一阶段的比赛中，基本上安排每周一赛。
Multiple downed power lines.
They were civil servants, traders, and adventurers.
，身高1米84，体重79公斤，司职前锋。
Lung adenocarcinoma is categorized as such by how the cancer cells look under a microscope.
Kolombiya mahkemelerinde 172 çocuğu öldürmekle suçlandı ve kendisi 140 çocuğu öldürdüğünü itiraf etti.
The national associations representing all six of these teams are members of ConIFA, an organization for teams representing unrecognized states, subnational regions, and stateless minorities.
Montreal, Canada hosted the 1976 Summer Games and Lake Placid hosted the 1932 and 1980 Winter Games.
They also look very different than other groups of people there.
They traveled in groups with a size of 700-1,600 people, all led by conductors chosen by John Ross, except for those, who signed the Treaty of New Enchota.
In 2007 the Clio Sportourer, the station wagon version was launched.
Twenty of the 170 people on board suffer injuries.
Each day I get worse.
It lands safely in Butt-Head's hand and is recovered.
The effect was to bounce the canister shot into the formation and cause more deaths.
İlçe topraklarından kaynayan Gökpınar deresi ilçe sınırları dışında Sakarya Nehri’ne katılır.
All songs written by the Offspring; except "Feelings" - Morris Albert and Louis Felix-Marie Gaste, with lyrical parody by Dexter Holland.
Hikâye, küresel bir ekolojik felaketten sonra insanları korumak için inşa edilmiş Romdeau adındaki gelecekteki bir şehirde başlar.
Cameron later announced he will resign on July 13 and was replaced by May.
Meanwhile, on the evening of the 10th, around 22:00, French troops using Panhard 178 armoured cars started to arrive at the Dutch border.
The Apprentice Scheme was the result of the Royal Air Force's decision to open Schools of Technical Training.
儘管本身有著「建築」這一詞彙存在其中，然而不論志工或參與者皆不限於建築相關領域出身。
像整数一样，算法的第k步计算出商q k 和余数r k ：
Aynı zamanda "A Goofy Movie" ve "An Extremely Goofy Movie" filmlerinde de görülür.
He wanted the Pope to decide instead.
，其餘地區與出石町、室埴村、小坂村合併為新設立的出石町。
Moreover, the main function which is performed by NGOs is to bridge the gap of inequalities and unfair treatments.
There were near-record highs as well.
Uniforms are special clothes to show that a group of people belong together.
Topps featured Dr. Rocks on the back of the 2018 future stars series baseball card of MLB player Paul DeJong.
The Sibley Guide to Birds.
This blocks out most of the sunlight.
Bu kompleksin batısında ise 2000 kişilik bir açık hava tiyatrosu yer alır.
After a long decision process, he decided to emigrate, and leave the woman to his brother.
The role of playmaker had been empty since Zidane's retirement in 2006.
早在2004年，作为中国儿童早期教育的领军企业，红黄蓝便承接了中国“
Two other women reached the summit later that same day, but died when coming down.
Crossing plains on August 7, they encountered the royalists and won the battle in Boyacá on August 10. Bolívar then occupied Boyacá, Colombia.
The term "Pre-Sokratic", however, had been in use as early as George Grote's Plato and the other companions of Sokrates (1865).
File:Heartin symbol in tree of Yercaud.
、限制字符串的长度、限制十进制数的位数等。
This includes government regulations not covered by one of the other three specialist courts.
On a grand piano, it is the sostenuto pedal, and is pressed with the pianist's left foot.
The series airs on FX.
Lee was trying to create the most powerful fighting robot in the world and win the Mishima Zaibatsu at the same time.
The waiter hands him the bill.
The Czech Republic hosted the Baseball World Cup in 2009.
Some Turkish people wanted the men to get life terms in jail.
Tomczykiewicz was admitted to a hospital on 25 November 2015 due to a kidney disease.
He researched how DNA can be used to diagnose genetic diseases.
、熊世祯、熊秉信、霍志琨、穆光荣、戴渊、
The Sukhoi Su-30MKI MKI stands for Russian Modernizirovannyi Kommercheskiy Indiski (
Bu sonucu sorgulayan araştırmacılar, deneklerin daha sonra benzer nesneleri eşleştirebildiğini buldular; sağ yarım kürede kalan dokunsal duyumlar doğru bir şekilde algılanıyordu, ancak sözlü olarak ifade edilemiyordu.
Fauré had a big influence on Koechlin who wrote a book about him and helped him to arrange some of his music for orchestra.
Although Springsteen informed the band in 1989 that he would not play with them they stayed friends and from 1999 onwards they again played and recorded together.
This frog changes color over time.
Yalnızca life belli aralıktaki açılarla giren ışık sızmadan lif boyunca hareket edebilir.
It is said to be haunted.
Directed Reading-Thinking Activity is a method which aims to develop better reading.
While the Courts have never clearly defined how to determine if an interest is compelling, the concept generally refers to something necessary or crucial.
The only way to get to the island is by sea and there are no harbors to dock a ship.
Abbey was important to history, German units did not put defensive positions in the Abbey.
，立志成為歌手的原因亦是因為她。
最後在屯門富地路發現事主，並陪同他送院治理 citation 。
The value of a diet can be calculated by adding up the values of all nutritients of the individual food items.
There are three smaller pyramids for Khufu's wives.
They moved to Iowa after graduation.
The tomb stones are now placed as follows: to the right side the two nameless abbots, followed by the abbots Martin I. (died 1339), Jakob (died 1361), Martin II.
The song is well-liked for being a well-written song for a despicable villain such as Frollo.
By August 5, the storm had enough power to be called a tropical depression.
This period started in March 1163 and ended in June 1165.
This movie received mixed reviews from critics.
When Paolo enters, Simon tells him he cannot marry her.
Jackson attacked part of Pope's army on August 28 but was defeated.
This frog lives in forests.
“中国共产党铁门关市委员会”、“铁门关市人民政府”揭牌 citation citation 。
This is the part of the camera that is made specially so that lenses can be attached.
The compounds that are exiting the column are in the gas phase.
It encrypts all the information that is sent and received.
It has a church called St Peter.
，其电视呼号名称分别为中天亞洲台、中天北美台，兩個频道所播放的節目內容並不相同。
The 2013 Pacific typhoon season was an above-normal Pacific typhoon season.
For Austria he played 85 matches, his first international match was on 27 September 1970 versus Hungary.
This includes both those who are native to the United States as well as Lebanese immigrants to America.
Modern textile manufacture allows for wider panels, eliminating the need to sew narrow panels together.
共有家庭17847户，平均每户2.56人。14岁以下的少年儿童共7401人，占总人口12.41%；15-64岁人口共49455人，占总人口82.93%；65岁及以上的老年人共2777人，占总人口的4.656%。
However, it has become more difficult to escape the country since the government has sent more guards, more electric fences, and more traps on its borders.
The Khmer script is based on an ancient Indian alphabet.
He spoke on television.
换句话说，只要是沒有傷害到其他人、没有侵犯他人自由利益的行为都不应该被认定是不道德的、邪恶與可耻的，且不应该受到任何暴力干涉或舆论谴责。
Then he continued his music career as a solo artist.
Also, it hosts the factory of Reims Aviation.
It is the most important river of the Swiss Jura.
The "true" or actual eleventh pope Benedict identified himself with the ordinal number XII.
As of 2008, it had about 6,150 students.
The terrorists had planted a bomb in Grand Central Station.
虽然他们同意共同对抗伊朗的威胁，但阿联酋拒绝公开改善关系，除非巴以和平进程取得进展。
韦恩在其中挑选了两支特别的先遣部队担任此次行动的先锋队。
The population was 4,753 at the 2010 census, down from 4,820 at the time of the 2000 census in the region.
Later the embassy was moved out.
Üç ay sonra bir taslak yazdılar.
Patton wrote Eisenhower a note of apology, then he proceeded to address his troops as he was ordered.
On Saturday 9 January 1864, Foster felt sick and went to bed early.
He only plays these songs by himself with his guitar.
Hindenburg tried to stay out of day-to-politics, and be a ceremonial president.
Bu nedenle insanlar kalelere sığınma ihtiyacı duymuş, Taşkale ve Toprakkale olmak üzere iki kale yapılmıştır.
The landing site of the Viking 1 lander is a bay that opens into this basin.
During the race, people shoot their guns two to four times.
Nobody lives on the island.
Locke'un amacı "Mülkiyet eşitsizliğini nasıl açıklayabilirim?"
It is the third busiest in Illinois.
He is best known as the network's White House Correspondent (1977–1989 and 1998–99) and as a panelist and later co-anchor of the network's Sunday program, This Week.
Rosa Fontana – born as Rosa Engracia Sevilla Plo on January 21, 1938 – is a Spanish actress, Alvaro Francisco.
A freshness date is the date used in the American brewing industry to indicate either the date the beer was bottled or the date before which the beer should be consumed.
缅甸政府破例公开整个判决过程，
It is the most abundant and best known of all gulls along the shores of western Europe.
I'm no longer, I'm no longer in love with you.
In 1958, LaForge was chosen to play on the QHL Second All-Star Team.
Ionization happens by giving atoms high energy.
In this episode, Otto, the school bus driver, accidentally crashes the bus.
North of Danger, by Dale Hollerbach Fife, is a World War II story about a 12-year-old boy living in Svalbard who has to hide in a coal mine to avoid being captured by the Nazi invaders.
Most Armenians were better educated and wealthier than their Turkish counterparts, who were jealous of their success.
'da ise "zuqun" ( ; "etnik gruplar").
、並首次使用了「口罩實名制」此一名稱；
An anal fissure, or fissura ani, is a fissure (a small tear) in the anal canal.
The song was released as a single in early 2002.
It is a group dance and has a 6/8 or 3/4 meter.
，并任军事委员会武汉办事处主任。
W has been explained in the sentences before about vowels.
Moody's magical eye sees Harry stuck in the stair under his cloak, but Moody covers for him, then borrows the Marauder's Map.
The United States was then able to play a crucial role at the Paris Peace Conference of 1919 that shaped interwar Europe.
In the US, the term 'swamp' is used for wetland dominated by trees rather than grasses and low herbs.
本建築於民國107年（2018年）6月18日進行修復工程，把建築前方的增建拆除，並將外牆恢復為原本的褐黃色。
The Drill has a powerful drilling attack that can drain an enemy's health very quickly, but this attack will stop if the player runs out of Drill Fuel.
This is a piece of genetic material seen in Chronic Myelogenous Leukemia, caused by the translocation of pieces from chromosomes 9 and 22. Bcr-Abl codes for a receptor tyrosine kinase, which is active, causing uncontrolled cell proliferation.
Suresh Raina's 57 (35) helped the Super Kings recover from 68/3 after 12 overs to put up 168/5 at the end of their 20 overs.
这样有效地将流散的犹太人变成了一个永久流亡的民族，他们被剥夺了自己的家园。
The word fiddle is also used for instruments of several hundred years ago which developed into the violin.
It is owned by another company called Samworth Brothers.
It has the largest range of any woody plant.
They never questioned if it is good or bad for their country.
Voinovich did many things in his second term. In 1995 he was named Public Official of the Year by the National Journal.
A zenith telescope is only able to look straight up.
Several small changes were made in the track before the track underwent a major redesign after the 1990 race.
金刚石钻机的深度一般可达1200 m。如果成本不是问题，可达极限深度，因为不需要克服水压。
部分自外縣市而來的漁民，在卸下漁獲後，也會特地到萬善廟裡祭拜以祈求漁獲豐收，萬善廟香火日益鼎盛 。
It is one of the oldest known pieces of rock art on Earth.
She was ranked second in the world in 2014.
It is understood by roughly 99% of Ghana's population.
A bay is an area of water.
However, people understand and apply this in different ways.
他2001年入段，2016年6月升为五段 citation 。
If the player rests at a Bonfire, the player will fully refill their health bar and Estus Flasks, but most non-boss enemies will also come back to life.
Agnotology also focuses on how and why diverse forms of knowledge do not "come to be," or are ignored or delayed.
This movie was produced by Aditya Chopra.
Contestants compete in a series of obstacle courses in what is called the "world's largest obstacle course."
Sonam Choki's father was a half-brother of two queens consort of Bhutan, Phuntsho Choden (great-grandmother of the present king) and her sister Pema Dechen.
It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards and winning one in 1955.
於是，在撒哈拉南部邊陲的萨赫勒就建立了一些國家。
The best temperature for hyperthermophiles to grow at is around 80°C (176°F).
The Hamburg elections of 29 February 2004, ended with an unprecedented landslide victory for Ole von Beust and the CDU, with the party achieving absolute majority in the city-state's parliament.
，以及1344年-1349年，元顺帝亲政期间，采取了一系列改革措施，以革新政治，缓和社会矛盾，史称“
Sometimes you will encounter half or three-quarter flats.
She helped plan the royal family's failed escape from Paris in 1791.
It was directed by Gwyneth Horder-Payton.
Cameras and their lenses have been made since the 19th century.
Lakshmanasen assumed the title of Parambhagavata.
It is now widely covered by the corporation's online, radio and TV outlets, as well as other media.
Pallonetto or pallonetto ligure al lungo is generally played on the urban streets with tennis balls without covering felt.
With automation, human intervention is limited or absent.
A hardcore specialist, Foley is known as "The King of Hardcore Wrestling".
Lyrics spoke about human existence, emotion, and mental states.
Campin's best known work is the Mérode Altarpiece.
While Tillberg worked as a producer, he was active in the kitchen industry through the companies Köket i första rummet AB and Skånekök & Måleri AB.
Thus the work of the earlier cytologists laid the ground for Weismann, who turned his mind to the consequences for evolution, which was an aspect the cytologists had not addressed.
If the two alleles are identical, the individual is called a homozygote and is said to be homozygous.
Judy Garland in the barnyard scene.
When King John set his seal on Magna Carta he conceded the fundamental principle that even as king he was not above the law.
The bird charms him with her song.
In 2004, he received the Simon Memorial Award in low-temperature physics for his fundamental research on the role of symmetry in low-temperature physics, and applications in Cosmology, quantum gravity, quantum field theory and particle physics (Eulogy).
Taylor married his wife, Florence Mary Parsons in 1907.
He wanted to know why the United Nations and the world had "failed" to stop the Rwandan genocide.
The stadium is located at the Begin Expressway and the Malha Train Station.
Since his debut in animation, Popeye has had many unique songs for himself as well as many tunes dedicated to him.
但潛入尤爾根的城堡過程中，艾迪和麥羅不慎被俘，迫使其他人只能分頭營救同伴再奪取寶石。
They are each named after the part of the spinal cord they come out of: C5, C6, C7, C8, and T1.
该纸币背面印有红色花纹，因此俗称“背红”。
Alevilerin toplu anlamda temel ibadeti olan Cem, bir Dede´nin gözetiminde, önderliğinde yerine getirilir.
千卡，俗称大卡（符號 kcal，有時寫作 Cal）为单位；1大卡等於1000卡路里，
Their orientation reflects the magnetic field when they formed.
It finished in 1866 under George W. Deitzler.
漢水下游以東的隨州地區，史稱「漢東」，也被稱作「漢陽」或「漢川」。
The car costs about £1.6 million to buy.
唐朝賈公彥《疏》：“天子謂之帝系、諸侯謂之世本” 而《世本》
Males have an androconium (a spot that releases scents to attract females) on each of his hind wings (bottom wings).
This meeting is different and not as formal.
He usually does not have a job.
He has three children.
In Split Personalities it is revealed that the Mask always wanted to give Stanley a wedgie.
The title for the project, ¡Que viva México!, was decided on some time later.
Became leader of the group after Lanti's death.
By the time of Judith Quiney's death, she had outlived her children by many years.
Electricity causes a muscle to contract, this is how nerves cause muscles to work.
He said he had created a new musical form—an opera based on popular culture.
The objective is to select a gesture which defeats that of the opponent.
St. John's is home to the Newfoundland Growlers who play in the ECHL.
He was told to write this in secret.
You can get a free trial of Office for 30 days.
是『謝霆鋒』分別在四大媒體上取得的金曲成績。
BIOS, of which 1 KB is the built-in character set.
Always check the history of the article.
The course of the river was corrected between Rouen and Paris in the 19th century.
，跌至小組第六名，喪失晉身2018年世界盃決賽周資格。
The Rumonge Nature Reserve and Kigwena Nature Reserve are in the province.
Other states are divided into more than one district.
He was the team manager and chief mechanic of JRM Racing, citation in the FIA World Endurance Championship.
，北京市委宣传部副部长、北京市文化局长，
壶中日月洞中春，二十三年静里身。
Additionally, seventy (or seventy-two, depending on the source used) people are sent out in pairs to prepare the way for Jesus (Luke 10).
Others say that it is to control the population by spreading chemicals that are harmful to the human reproductive system.
The company is well-known for its solutions to some health problems.
The second one is called goofy where you have to put your left foot in the back.
Both of these awards were given to him for his role in The Big Bang Theory.
He developed the internationally influential systemic functional linguistic model of language.
聖彼得堡的洪水由波羅的海發生的長浪導致涅瓦灣水位高漲所造成。
The light blue galaxy NGC 7320 is a foreground galaxy, only 40 million light years from Earth.
The first Russian translation of an Austen novel did not appear until 1967.
He also supports the introduction of state-funded vouchers, which parents of students in failing school districts could use to pay the tuition of private schools.
The female will fly to the top of the hill to look for a mate.
Sometimes these spots increase in size as the cat gets older.
It started about 11,700 years ago when the temperatures rose quickly from the previous level.
Dingyuan and Zhenyuan were the most powerful warships in the fleet.
The Mass is followed by a party at either the quinceañera's home or in a banquet hall rented for the occasion.
，相當於現在姬路市的東南部地區。
The aim of the museum is to create interest in insects, and to educate people on the importance of bugs to the world ecological systems.
In men's cricket the ball must weigh between 5.5 and 5.75 ounces (137.5 and 143.8 g) and measure between 8 13 16 and 9 inches (220 and 225 millimetres) in circumference.
Most guitars only have six strings.
In the Netherlands the person is called the burgemeester.
A flying school was set up on convert of land at Point Cook, Victoria, with the first students starting on 17 August, 1914.
，享壽102歲，為中國國民黨政要中高壽。
It was released on October 26, 2000 in Japan, on October 30, 2000 in North America, and on November 24, 2000 in Europe.
军人打破窗户，摧毁建筑内部物品sfn。
The police were asked to ask May and Mabel to leave the area.
In summer 2007 she won the European Grand Prix qualification with the women's national team and finished sixth at the European Championships in Belgium and Luxembourg.
He married Nicaraguan-born Bianca De Macias on 12 May 1971.
藏傳佛教認為天葬符合釋迦牟尼傳記中所說的“割肉喂虎”精神，死者的靈魂也可以隨鷹昇天。
，才有較多乘客會乘搭本線，亦因此成為本線主要客源。
She was killed by Junior Baalveer.
It was caused by a 50 litre oil spill.
He also had success with his band Mike and the Mechanics.
丘世文（1951年－1998年），
Many people in Afghanistan do not think the problems are caused by the Taliban.
It is government engineering college managed by the government of Bihar.
，當地還保留了一些貯存下來的青春之泉泉水。
The execution of the evacuations went well, beginning with the vulnerable coastal area.
Greencastle, Indiana was founded in year 1821 by a man named Ephraim Dukes after he purchased and later sold some land to the local government.
Wallace predicted that birds and other predators would reject conspicuous prey whilst accepting cryptic prey.
For skies that have not been directly or indirectly observed, their appearance can be simulated based on known factors, such as the position of astronomical objects relative to the surface and atmospheric composition.
Bu işlemden sonra, kırma sıvısının geri kazanılması ancak dolguyu geride bırakması için jel parçalanmalıdır.
There are no railway and road linking it with the rest of Russia.
This monument has several museums such as The Freedom Hall and the Hall of Contemplation.
The district is divided in six administrative posts: Atauro, Cristo Rei, Dom Aleixo, Metinaro, Nain Feto and Vera Cruz.
However, in some primates, the subunguis has redeveloped to make a claw-like structure.
A perpetual resource has a never-ending supply.
Hill is a highland of much lower elevation than a mountain.
Bu yer adı Türkçede bozulmuş, Dolishane ve Dolishana biçimlerini almıştır.
以太坊经典（Ethereum Classic）
The movie is clearly created to raise public alarm about the hazards of nuclear power.
To make space for more farms, large areas of forest were cut down, taking away its living space.
史特拉斯（自2009年1月13日）。
然而，英军当时并无足够能力占领耶路撒冷，因为他们还需突破加沙地带土军的防御。
They are typically about 10 cm in body length.
The diagram at right shows a cast metal sort: a face, b body or shank, c point size, 1 shoulder, 2 nick, 3 groove, 4 foot.
杭长高速北延由泗安枢纽引出，经槐坎、白岘等等，终于江苏宜兴茗岭镇省界处，全长30.24公里，于2017年1月22日通车 。
The Araucanía region has an area of convert.
The context of this statement (Matthew 7) is about God's mercy and kindness.
It was part of a series of protests and political events that had begun in 2002 and continued as the war took place.
The Academy of Sciences and Arts of Bosnia and Herzegovina (
The player controls Milo, Audrey, Molière, Kida and Vinny as they traverse Atlantis, unlocking its secrets.
He was a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit from 1987 until his death.
Under the Legal Framework Order, 2002, the role of a Mediation Committee, comprising eight members from each House, has been introduced for the first time to evolve consensus on Bills, in case there is a disagreement between the two Houses.
Though the Germans did not make another attack, this area was abandoned by the Dutch troops.
He held meetings for these writers in New York so that they could learn about publishing books and stories in the United States.
He also went to Clifton College School.
The accident caused one death, and eight others were injured.
It is thought to be an important step in making movies.
City of Joy is a 1985 book by French author and journalist Dominique Lapierre.
The eye is 27 cm (10.63 in) wide, with a lens 12 cm across.
Born on 31 August 1979, in Chennai, Tamil Nadu into a Tamil family, Yuvan Shankar Raja is the third and youngest child of musician and film composer Ilaiyaraaja and his late wife Jeeva.
Most of the time, a carbon-carbon bond breaks and the atoms do not jump across the break between the fragments.
In 2005 the Kurdistan Democratic Party of Iran reported that about 50.000 persons had demonstrated against the Iranian gouverment.
In 1997, while still in prison, Mangano was called to testify against boss Gigante.
He is portrayed as a deadbeat in Arnold's families boarding house.
However, Clara's mother taught her many important things.
It is 396 meters above sea level.
He ran for president in 1992 and in 1996.
在接下来的一周，惠特拉姆通过影射凯恩斯与他的首席私人秘书main之间的关系来误导议会对贷款事件的看法，以此向凯恩斯发难。
Khevenhuller-Metsch, Fursten Johann Joseph, nach den Tagebucheintragungen des, Theater, Feste und Feiern zur Zeit Maria Theresias 1742–1776, Vienna, 1987 Marie's full name at her time of birth was Maria Antonia Josepha Johanna.
The Church's website (spaghettimonster.org) contains several sighting of 'His Noodlieness', multiple propaganda resources and an ordination package available for $49.
隨後，她獨自走去洗手間並開始哭泣。
宮崎縣选举区代表宮崎縣的所有选民。
After tornadoes broke out across the Midwest, including tornadoes that killed four people in Missouri and Iowa, a tornado watch was issued at 11:00 p.m. CT, but most residents had went to sleep.
：以氦為主導，氫不存在或極其微弱。
In 2004, Mis-Teeq toured the United States.
Finally, Naismith further reduced body contact by making the goal unguardable, by putting it high above the player's heads.
Biofeedback physical therapy to relearn how to control pelvic floor muscles may be useful.
Tangible reinforcers can be expensive.
A quarterback is usually the leader, and starts most plays.
A組隧道啟用時稱為：松山防空洞展示廊，
根據貝多姆（Beddome）的研究表示，紅腹銼尾蛇身體約有十五排鱗片，唇部的鱗片比較尖銳，覆蓋及其鼻孔位置；上唇有四片鱗片，第一片較為細小，其它三片較大。
Gezelle's parents were Pieter Jan Gezelle and Monica Devrieze.
。 citation citation citation 犯罪嫌疑人胡某（男，59岁，广州市番禺区人）携带可燃爆物质在明经村村委会建筑物内引燃，致使嫌疑人胡某和其他4人当场死亡，另有5人受伤。
They are invisible to other players.
以减速顶为设备的调速系统有：点连式调速系统、连续式调速系统、反坡调速系统、编组场尾部停车系统。
It is one of the smallest districts.
。 citation 现在，「巴尔干」一词有时用来描述巴尔干半岛内的国家；不过更多情况下，
The UCI also issues licences to racing teams which gives them permission to compete in one of the ranks or tours.
On July 10, 2006, Hill & Knowlton, a public relations firm, announced that Mineta would join it as a partner.
Belle, however, is not oblivious to her peers' views of her.
All of these administrative divisions are explained in greater detail at Administrative divisions of the People's Republic of China.
明军指挥张因、千户张荣祖率军追击，直捣麓川军营地，将其营地烧毁。
What remains in the original container is called the "residue".
在符號互動論中，最常討論的理論為main，其概念為「我是社會的產物，人們對於我的看法即是他人對於我的看法」。
Bennelong was held by the John Howard, the second longest serving Prime Minister of Australia.
If too much reactant is used, there will be some reactants left in the chemical reaction.
Joey began writing and arranging songs for Yankovic.
Bunlardan bazıları: şifreli kilit, bir şifre çalışması olan kardan ızgarası, çapraz mavsallı yatak vb. dir.
In 2001 there were 140 people living in Tilbury Juxta Clare.
This weapon had been used for over 40 years, and it was out of date, but the Dutch military did not have the money to replace it.
中世紀及以前的散兵一般配有投石繩、
This was because the Diablo SV had become the basic Diablo model.
However, uprisings against colonial authorities occurred in 1550, citation 1560, and 1715.
He was dubbed "Elvis Presley of the Balkans" by BBC News.
虽然言语有大小姐般的气息，但内容总是掺杂着平民生活的言行，而且有时十分熟悉家务和照顾年少的同伴。
These prisoners were forced to help take dead bodies out of the gas chambers and burn them.
The initials CFP originally stood for Colonies françaises du Pacifique ("French colonies of the Pacific") but now officially stand for Change Franc Pacifique ("Pacific Franc Exchange").
It is famous for its scent.
YCAT was founded in 1984 by Michael Kaye (following discussions between concert pianist Jack Gibbons and Sir Simon Hornby, chairman of W.H.Smith, YCAT's first sponsor citation ).
答曰：“至尊皇后所最爱者，当与之，非臣敢预知也。”
To become a warrior, a Na'vi must tame and ride a creature known as Ikran."
İlk ve orta okula babasının çalıştığı okulda gitti.
This was a big loss because there were already few Kaw people left.
Ryuk is a selfish character who wouldn't do anything unless he has some benefit from it.
中國地大物博，對於廣東人來說，上海與浙江人有時也被稱作北方人；对湖南、浙江、上海人来说，长江以北为北方 citation ；對於東北與西北人來說，河南與江蘇人有時也會因為文化差異，而被認為是南方人。
Touohgakkan junior & senior high school is next to the city hall.
Then they killed young Hindu men because they thought young Hindu men would want to fight against them.
USS President, commanded by Stephen Decatur, is captured by a squadron of four British frigates.
Çoğunlukla yakışıklı ve büyüleyici erkek rollerini seslendirmektedir.
People sitting close together appear at greater risk of becoming infected.
The song was created during a 22-hour live stream.
Journal of the American Medical Association 292 154–31.
The producer of the album was Donnell Cameron, NOFX.
為了讓無形文化財能夠穩定而且有系統的發展，韓國的無形文化財制度，已經建立了由擁有者－學徒－研究生－獎助生一套完整的制度並且藉由這一套制度，對於擁有者、學徒、獎助生每月提供補助，保障了他們的基本生活，讓他們能專心傳授文化財，同時韓國政府也支持表演及展覽活動、建立了遺產教育中心，讓無形文化遺產得以宣習及教育。
，他要求参军并在警卫团短暂工作。
Mentions other names used by other countries and throughout history.
People could not buy guns very easily anymore.
This tree is named for its barrel-shaped trunk, and is the oak which reaches the greatest trunk circumference among the Białowieża oaks.
They have a population of around 500,000 people.
In the horizontal sundial (also called a garden sundial), the plane that receives the shadow is aligned horizontally.
The later Spanish Peso was the same size and was often called "
She was also known for her role in the cable channel series Make a Wish (2014).
;Busted open: term used to describe a wrestler that is bleeding.
Johnny Burke wrote a lyrics later for this melody and became popular as Mathis recorded this song and made public on September 1, 1959. citation Nowadays "Misty" is considered as one of American standards.
The island offers many beautiful picturesque views and scenery with lighthouses and waves crashing around the edge of the coast.
正如歷史學家所描述：“绞刑是一种狂欢节，无论是失业者、市民、资产阶级或好奇的贵族，都可以从马车上或租一间屋子来观看。”
Jersey City from a helicopter.
Pokémon Black 2 and White 2 follows a new Pokémon trainer who is on a journey to become a Pokémon master.
But things started to fall for Child World in the 1990s.
They were never seen again.
It brought about many changes in shopping.
The video shows the story of a "pornomime" and a girl who falls in love after she watches one of his performances.
他的目的是將一個局部的戰爭拖成一個全面的抗戰，使無人可以規避，并且終於拖成一個國際戰事，中國也賴此得到最後勝利。
He wrote many books including; New Ways of Managing Conflict (1976) and Human Organization: Its Management and Value (1967).
The chairman of one senate is also the President of the Court ("Chief Justice").
The parish was eventually controlled by Houlgate.
This usually requires teamwork.
King thought it would be good area for fishing and sealing.
The capital was Tahert.
Due to its weakened state with only 235 men fit for duty and 247 sick, it was briefly threatened with being combined with another weak regiment into a Provisional Battalion.
⑴l函數在整個時間範圍內，局部極值點和過零點的數目必須相等或最多相差一個；
Both for people who are at risk for getting schizophrenia and for people who have got it, they recommend cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) and family therapy.
The Bolshoy Theatre Orchestra.
There are many examples of such contrasting views.
Once the particle is no longer spinning, it acts most like a particle.
The "K Grind" is only a crooked grind.
Later in the child's life, these bones join together naturally.
The population was 7,973 at the 2010 census.
When the subprefecture was moved in 1926 from Bazas to Langon, the name of the arrondissement was changed to Langon.
，牠們被證明是賴氏龍亞科的亞洲起源。
From then on, she visited the library often, though she rarely found the books she most wanted to read — those about children like herself.
As of 2007 it is filmed at Maidstone Studios.
They used the Goomba's ability to be jumped on and defeated to teach players how to deal with enemies and to not fear the Super Mushroom.
香港格價網提供價格資訊，兼有用家評價、「安心訂購」功能、網購功能及二手買賣功能等 https://www.
The president thought the minister meant that the President was a disgrace, not what the President was doing was a disgrace.
Completing good deeds will award the character good points and will produce a positive alignment and committing evil acts will add evil points and produce a negative alignment.
體被細小櫛鱗；側線鱗孔數70至78枚；縱列鱗數115至133枚。
There are two main types: type 1 (DM1), caused by mutations in the DMPK gene, and type 2 (DM2), caused by mutations in the CNBP gene.
The Tyrrell 001, which looked like the MS80, was first seen in 1970.
科维亚特是第二位來自於俄羅斯的一级方程式賽车手。
Many birds spread a thin layer of oil onto their feathers, which helps to waterproof them.
Bu şarkı aynı zamanda bir İtalyan şarkıcının plağa okuduğu ilk Türkçe şarkı olma unvanını da taşıyor.
For those 0.05% to 0.1% of passengers who are referred to Customs for further evaluation, the airline PNR data are temporarily retained, but not stored, pending resolution of the border evaluation.
Şimdiye kadar 13 cumhurbaşkanı görev yapmıştır.
，認為工藤會受歡迎的原因主要是因為自然的肢體接觸很多。
The last stage is the genital stage and lasts through adolescence.
His best finish being tied for 4th place in the 2012 Northern Trust Open.
Farmer returned to Western Australia and became the captain/coach of the West Perth Football Club in 1968.
Fire can burn string very fast.
They are distributed among the conventional Book of Esther and are found in Catholic and Orthodox Bibles but generally not in ones used by Protestants.
Harry, büyük ölçüde Hogwarts’ın emektar müdürü Albus Dumbledore’un müdahalesiyle ve tanık Arabella Figg sayesinde suçsuz bulunarak Fudge’ı çok üzer, ama ilk kez okuluna dönerken kaygılı ve huzursuzdur.
Her father was Rafael Ángel Chinchilla Fallas.
全數新車並於2016年12月21日至2017年1月27日正式出牌和投入服務，
不需要什么语言解释，“心有灵犀一点通”啊。
Raw and SmackDown! would host each division, give its name to the division and essentially compete against each other.
The master's office was placed so that the master could see what others were doing.
Hırvatistan son olarak 2009 yılında finale yükselmiştir.
Forvet mevkiinde oynayan oyuncu Malta'nın Msida Saint-Joseph takımında forma giymektedir.
His parent were Major Hluangruangdatanan (Tongdee) and Mrs Chanthp Tanarat.
They help form a Cabinet made up of themselves and three other members of the Assembly.
She is known for her role as a teenage single mother in Kya Kehna (2000).
In the next room, the Doom Slayer finds his suit of armor, the Praetor Suit, and puts it on.
İlk ismi Herbert Brovarnik idi.
A verb is a kind of word (
Her master's dissertation was about high performance computer systems.
During the sixth hour, Saldivar agreed to give herself up.
三式艦上戰鬥機的早期型，可說完全是英國鬥雞式戰鬥機的翻版，此型生產了50架。
"The man who realizes God as a friend is never lonely in the world, neither in this world nor in the hereafter.
It is the eighth track on his third studio album, 24K Magic.
This model showed that electrons travel around the nucleus in fixed circular orbits.
）、東天竺南洋之諸島、日本南洋之諸島、東蝦夷諸島（
Of those factors, the most easy to fix are high blood pressure and smoking.
The office of the Deputy of the Administrator was established in 1997.
）的戰車理論而發展的結果，同樣地，這個論點也受到了相當的批評。
They say that non-Muslims may not be allowed into mosques at all.
其下辖有3个居民点，行政中心为日利诺。
He often painted on paper that was glued to a wooden panel.
Wessex'lerin kurduğu bu hükûmetin esası Germen örf ve adetlerine dayanmakta, halk; asilzadeler, hür çiftçiler, yarı hür olanlar ve kölelerden meydana gelmekteydi.
In 1929, Chiba would be latter transferred to the Kawai Movie Negamo Photo Studio and in 1930, directed his first film debut called Aojiroki hitobito.
Physics research groups are usually so classified.
在海德豪森的伊萨尔河高岸，即如今陡坡所在的地带，
The city was settled in 1897 along what is now Boston Avenue.
受傷的麻雀看到了老爺爺，知道他對牠有恩，為了感謝他來看牠，還為老爺爺唱歌跳舞，並且還拿來很多好吃的東西，讓老爺爺很高興。
，設四座樓高28層至33層住宅，合共提供616伙單位，於1996年10月入伙。
Female calves play chasing and running games, throw sticks, and may attack imaginary foes.
Before he does, Bani explains all.
為了讓瑪莉復活，安娜只好把大河拖下水，讓大河成為瑪莉的憑依.
Anderson was killed when shrapnel from the exploding proximity warhead punctured his pressure suit, causing it to decompress at high altitude.
》：「用明，亦曰目多利思比孤，
He graduated as a Biology teacher in 1966 and completed his Masters in Biology (Anthropology) in 1971 at the Faculty of Science and Mathematics, University of Zagreb, Croatia.
He always scolds Jethalal and angrily calls him babuchak and “akkal vagar jo dhandho”.
Males had a median income of $39,834 versus $27,476 for females.
The word is pronounced pree-on.
於2月4日起更為每2小時半循環播放一次，共循環9至10次。
Many songbirds built cup nests.
It was one of the main forms of communication at the time.
He established Fatimid rule throughout much of North Africa.
也就是说对于读入的字符串w，只要 或 中至少有一个接受w， 就接受w。
He thought the forms he made were highly practical and not artistic.
The atria have valves that close after this so blood cannot flow backward into the atria.
，截至2012年12月已获得720万份销量。
Gordon Bob Smith, Reforming the Russian Legal System, Cambridge University Press, 1996, p. 2–3.
；英國隨後重奪該處，而聖約翰斯的居民亦於1673年成功抵禦荷蘭的第二度攻擊。
，《銀幕》雜誌場刊分數只有1.4分（滿分4分），在21部競賽片中倒數第2名 citation ；最後於頒獎典禮，多藍爆冷獲頒評審團大獎，現場媒體紛紛以噓聲表達不滿 citation 。
It is almost always fatal without antibiotics.
It is thought to be the last letter Paul wrote before his death although some think is was written by one of Paul's followers some time after his death.
The MCC currently has "Official Observer" status with the World Council of Churches.
It was Jackson's first album to have a rapper on it.
Winter sports is important, despite being less developed.
Starting from version 10.0, Mandrake Linux became known as Mandrakelinux, and its logo changed accordingly.
The romantic associations with the drink still lingers in popular culture.
At the time, this unit was painted in Railtrack blue/green livery.
The commune of Saint-Dizier is surrounded by the communes Trois-Fontaines-l'Abbaye, Chancenay, Bettancourt-la-Ferrée, Ancerville (
Once he saw two Russian words: швейцарская (reception, derived from швейцар - receptionist) and кондитерская (confectionery, derived from кондитер - confectioner).
There it can support its own pawns, attack the opponent's pawns, and oppose the opponent's king.
根據能量－時間不確定性原理， ，所以粒子借用能量 的間隔時間 最多只能為 。
杂志风格较以前视觉上，有一定的进步。
The mosque was renovated on April 2010 with help from the Indonesian Economic and Trade Office to Taipei.
鶴山市地處珠江三角洲西側，中部較高，東南低平，
It was built in March 1853.
I am not signing your treaty until I have her head on my desk!"
Both are closed in winter.
Henry Ford and his son posing in the model F Ford car in 1905.
在中聯辦大樓還處於地基建造階段時有聲音指出，即使是關注文物保護團體敢於與中聯辦「撕破情面」，也不可能阻止工程繼續進行 citation 。
'ye yerleşti ve 1934 yılında aynı yerde öldü.
An "unsold pilot" is a pilot episode that are made by a studio but are not put on television.
“诸公掀翻天地，前不见有古人，后不见有来者。
Tammi died in March of 1970 at the age of 24 from complications of her brain cancer.
Karaibrahimgil'in içinde "Nil" kelimesinin geçmediği tek albümüdür.
住在博文女校的10人中，张国焘来上海筹办中共一大，所以抵达上海最早，除了博文女校之外还另有住处。
The male has vocal slits.
It may be taken away by a tow truck.
The raised station did not have much shelter and could be windy and cold.
Rochester is also the home to universities such as the University of Rochester and the Rochester Institute of Technology.
The divisions were usually formed of 18 teams.
Multicultural Perspectives in Music Education, Volume 3, eds.
People who died in the 230s.
In 2001, there were 191 people living in Burgh.
Hundreds of people worked or lived there.
She grew up without knowing about places like Kiwirrkurra, or her relatives living there.
In modern times, manzai performances are televised in Japan.
He was sent to scout the city with one of his best friends, but he thought Zwolle was too beautiful for an attack, deciding instead to clear it out himself.
Before hearing aids were invented, people used "ear trumpets" also called ear horns.
If a fielder throws the ball at the boundary or the ground beyond the boundary, then four runs are scored as "overthrows" in addition to any runs the batters had already scored by running.
The wider Whangarei area had an estimated population of 85,900 in 2015.
It was released across the United States on February 4, 1938.
，推使香港進入新浪潮電影年代，而現今著名的導演、
The Fifth Symphony soon became recognized as one of the most important musical works.
Tam bu sırada Mehmet Giray'ın büyük oğlu Bahadır Han Moskova Knezliğine bir akın yaptı ve Mechesrk ve Ryaan şehirleri ve etraflarını talan etti.
The current president of the university is Dr. Wayne D. Andrews.
各参数的物理含义和网络特性如下：
That is equivalent to buying gasoline at less than $1 per gallon.
The political events which led up to the peaceful dissolution of the union between Norway and Sweden in 1905 could hardly have been attained but for the tact and patience of the king himself.
'nda öncü güçler arasında yer alıp büyük cesaret gösterdi.
Toplamda Ibiza’nın dört nesli bulunmaktadır.
However, he struggled with keeping his feelings at bay. citation During her last days, the pair had an argument and it would be the last time they would speak to each other, as he next learned that she had passed.
The bushranger escaped when Pottinger's pistol fired accidentally.
File:The western part of the Indian Ocean, by Vincenzo Maria Coronelli, 1693, from his system of global gores the south.
The state motto, below the shield, reads "Liberty and Independence".
YP ihlalinin nötr kaonların bozunumuyla yapılan keşfi, bulucuları James Cronin ve Val Fitch için 1964 yılında Nobel Fizik Ödülü ile sonuçlanmıştır.
The rest energy E0 is also the energy equivalent of a resting, i.e. immobile particle.
Regular cheese often separates into fat, and proteins.
In 2004, Castellanos started the Observatorio de la Violencia (Violence Observatory) at UNAH.
The practice is generally considered safe sex as long as the hands are protected with latex gloves.
The average snowfall is convert.
Hassas kompozisyonları, orijinal şiirsel bulguları ve sözlü şiir geleneklerinin yenilikçi kullanımı ile belirgindi.
The arms of the house of Lorraine.
尽管如此，里赫特并不十分喜欢巡回演出，他习惯于不事先安排音乐会的日程。
He managed the club until end of the 2015 season.
Once transcribed, the mRNA leaves the nucleus and moves to the ribosomes.
本屆雙年展從這蜿蜒巷弄出發，邀請小說家駱以軍，書寫出雙年展的第一件作品《翻牆者》 。
One author says studies on sexual selection have something important to tell us, namely "how males and females came to be what they are".
……九级浮空，重廓远摄，堂殿院宇，从事圆成，竹树森繁，园圃周绕；水陆庄田，仓廪碾硙，库藏盈满，京师殷有，无过此寺。”
Saint Michael's College is there.
Willbanks, James: Machine Guns: An Illustrated History of Their Impact, page 115. ABC-CLIO, 2004.
He received the United States military's highest decoration for bravery.
然而有可能是這個人運氣不好，或者自身性格真的有問題，或這人有其他的想法，因此就算唸到好學校還是一樣沒有更好的就業前景，所以不能把他的狀況類推到所有念重點大學熱門科系的人身上。
这份议案在2003年早期引入，但是被纽约州參議院否決。
The model is produced in Sunderland in the UK and is a popular car there, it was facelifted in 2010 and entered its second generation in 2014.
For ease of reading, the titles below are in English.
In 1816, the subprefecture was moved from Saint-Hippolyte to Montbéliard.
This lake is very little visited by people.
萬曆八年（1580年）庚辰科第三甲第五十五名進士 citation citation 。
The II-R strain does not have that protective shield around it and is killed by the host's immune system.
Lighting designer Motoko Ishii is his daughter.
This is good because not knowing where things are in memory often makes it harder for hackers to make programs do bad things.
This new GM gave the all of the Nexus WWE contracts.
Roper died on 29 January 2016 after a long illness.
She received a Goya Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role in a Spanish-Argentine movie, In the City Without Limits in 2001.
By the end of 1949, they had become Hertha BSC Berlin again.
Kafatasının arkası düzleşmiş ve yayılmış ve beyni her yönden koruyabilecek şekilde kemerli bir yapıya kavuşmuştur.
This shows that he wrote this sonata when he was young in his composing career.
Airbus thinks that the 787-8 will have a range of 6,720 nmi (12,450 km) which is about 1000 nmi (1,900 km) less than what Boeing said it would be.
He is the brawn of the group of brothers and uses sais.
His stories had strong elements of revenge and forgiveness.
Tay-Sachs is a genetic disease.
這個比賽的許多獲獎者都參加了本土音樂搖滾之旅，
It is the sequel to Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins.
It is directed by Jared Hess and written by Chris Bowman, Hubbel Palmer and Emily Spivey.
They are usually categorized by size or function.
He has a son, Dylan (born 1993).
For example, the growth rings in furniture, walls and other wooden items can be counted.
，故當時此公園之範圍僅為今日範圍的南半段。
What Do Public Accommodations Have to Do?
They released their first album, Calm Down, in 2014.
In Haripur and Abbottabad, they are known as Sultan Chief Sardars, a name they acquired during the time of the Delhi Sultanate (1206–1296), when the tribal members were made rulers of the galliyat region of Hazara.
But this method of preservation is not used for other vegetables.
He decided to quit and become an artist for a living.
She was one of the British noted Mitford sisters.
Rosalyn has a habit of sending him to bed at 6:30, which he refuses to do, and only makes more trouble.
No. 109 of 1985, which went into effect on 16 October 1985.
After Seldon’s death, the people on Terminus create new and powerful technology.
In June 1932, aged 25, he became the youngest Detective Sergeant in the United Kingdom, serving with the Northern Division CID.
It was released in December 2013.
The infection rate is 1 case per 203 people, one of the highest in the world.
This had been agreed in London in September 1944.
Melanoma survival rates are poorer than for non-melanoma skin cancer, although when melanoma is diagnosed at an early stage, treatment is easier and more people survive.
The Sun Iron Building (1851) was the first iron-front building.
During the show Rob Thomas stated the show was a "love letter to our fans."
The first group has the Egyptian vulture, bearded vulture, and palm-nut vulture.
陈志钊（1988年3月14日 － ），
此後，史考特輾轉於道奇、海盜、紅人和洋基的小聯盟球隊；2001年，
Robert L. Howard Medal of Honor recipient of the Vietnam War.
The new bridge was going to cost $30.1 million.
當大家都不信蕭十一郎時，就只有風四娘還相信他；也因如此，蕭十一郎第一次流下了淚。
Females lay up to 300 eggs and usually in clusters of 30 to 60. The larvae start out as a pale yellow.
The path to the left shows the thermodynamic product, while the path to the right shows the kinetic product.
In 2007, 7458 people lived there.
This cleared up a lot of players' confusion, because many thought that a sentence like "LUGIA is found in the WHIRL ISLANDS" looked unusual.
This makes the involvement of grandparents more important than ever.
Hammer died in Oslo on 22 October 2017 at the age of 85.
Skillet announced the release of Awake and Remixed EP in early March 2011.
It is on the site of the former Fort Winiary (
The book was number two on the Modern Library Association's list of "100 Best Novels of the 20th Century."
Anthurium can also be called "Flamingo Flower" or "Boy Flower", both referring to the structure of the spathe and spadix.
He was one of seven children.
He is regarded as one of the greatest footballers of all time.
The television series aired in Japan between January 9, 2015 and March 27, 2015.
"Relevant other" is another ways of saying the same thing.
It also deals in more than 400 academic journals, magazines,and newspapers from all over the world.
Agriculture is very important for Picardy.
Pollock has been the subject of many movies because of his interesting life.
I saved some of the proper red stuff in a ginger beer bottle over the last job to write with but it went thick like glue and I cant use it.
自1909年7月8日至15日期間，民主號隨艦隊停靠在布雷斯特進行整補，
Noodles (like in most Asian foods) are used often in Japanese foods.
The Gryffindors always compete with the Slytherins.
Chilton died on December 18, 1620.
、核黃素等) ，油脂風味亦會受到油脂氧化程度影響。
With careful breeding, breeders have changed the fold to a double or triple fold.
It is a "perfect prison".
現時本科之下有超過750個屬，在生物多樣性方面只遜於天牛亞科。
Jiangxi döneminde, Çu'nun Mao'yla ilişkileri birkaç kez gerginleşti.
与《林奈学会生物学杂志》类似，都是由协会内部的学报发展而来的，
Child population in the age group below 6 was 11,745 Males and 11,519 Females.
All in the Family was the first American sitcom to be recorded in front of a live audience.
John Markoff说现代国家宪法的到来是民主史上的里程碑，并说“第一个参照美国例子的欧洲国家是1791年的波兰。”
军事厅的任务是为支持联合国的目标部署最适中的军事力量；提高联合国各维和特派团军事部分的绩效、效率和成效。
The bullet then exited the right upper chest.
在1397年和1476年之间，莫布雷家族拥有诺福克公爵的爵位和采邑。
While at this job he saw a military buildup meant to be a force against Soviet aggression.
He or she decides who speaks when, and they decide what evidence and arguments can be used.
If a player have King and queen from the trump color, the team get 20 bonus points.
Some architectures include other stages such as memory access.
He designed two guitars for the Gibson Guitar Corporation.
此角色是影射漫畫家池上遼一（1944年5月29日生）。
Aynı sene asistan olarak akademik çalışmalarına başlayan Kocayusufpaşaoğlu, 1959 yılında “Türk Medeni Hukukunda Gayrimenkul Satış Vaadi” isimli doktora tezini savunarak hukuk doktoru unvanını almıştır.
This was the first movie appearance for both Broderick and Kiefer Sutherland.
If the player fails, they lose all of their coins.
Strains are used in laboratory experiments.
Topol is known for his role as Tevye the milkman in the 1971 movie Fiddler on the Roof.
公子连去，入翟，从焉氏塞，菌改入之。
，生涯在2018年年上過大聯盟，美職體系下出賽過的最高層級為大聯盟。
In all, 25 people were injured, many of them badly.
They hunted animals in the park.
Atalanta was born and King Iasus left her on a mountaintop to die.
The site was made into a car park and a NAAFI shopping centre, named The Britannia Centre Spandau and nicknamed Hessco's Williams, Major General Peter, CMG OBE (2006).
普渡大學的地址也在20世紀之後由拉法葉轉成西拉法葉。
He won gold medals in the men's 400 metre race in a Paralympic record time of 46.68 seconds and in the 4 × 100 metres relay in a world record time of 41.78 seconds.
It uses British English.
The school is in Birmingham, England.
Percutaneous means that the procedure is not done by cutting a person open in surgery.
It was directed by Courtney Solomon.
At night, they run a side business from Aaron's (Shane Carruth) garage.
Boichi （ぼういち、本名：朴武直）（1973年1月28日 － ），
A total of 26 teams played in the second qualifying round.
It had the status of Cathedral since 1376.
Ponticelli said that France had done much for him, and being in the army was his way of showing his thanks.
Agnes Tilney, the Duchess of Norfolk, had a large household, but it was not very strict.
Ban joined the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in May 1970 and worked his way up during the years of the Yusin Constitution.
Not all the painters who were working during the Mannerist period painted in the Mannerist style.
His resignation took effect on 22 November 2013.
Godefroot signed several riders including Classics specialist and 1991 Paris–Roubaix winner Marc Madiot.
Bu kompozisyonlar, dünyadaki ilk gösterimi Ekim 2008'de Dallas Senfoni Orkestrası ile birlikte yapılan The Masque of Time ve Schizoid Salsa adlı çalışmaları da içerir.
也會以中國人區分域外民族差別 《太宗文皇帝實錄·卷二十四》永樂元年冬十月庚申，上謂兵部尚書劉俊曰：「武臣中有韃靼人，多不識字，難委以政，故只令食祿，遇有警急則用以征代，今中國人亦有冒韃靼名以避政事者，其曉諭改政，不改政者罪之。
Bu maçta atılan tek gol olurken, Manchester City mücadeleyi 1-0 kazandı.
The cube shown is 1 cubic centimeter in size.
、清时期並沒有“直接”领有这些島嶼，也從未在島上駐有常住居民或軍隊，而中國未簽署《舊金山和約》不能解釋為何中方在之後長達二十多年、直至發現石油之前都對島嶼主權問題保持沉默的態度。
The cartridges supposedly used cow and pig fat.
Evolutionary biology is a more recent idea.
The admission of a drinking problem seriously damaged his standing within the parliamentary party.
該把吉他在2016年12月27日底部突然裂開，吉他的修復是在保密下完成的，miwa直到年初時才知道。
Each nation was not a democracy, and people were not very free in the early years.
'nun doğusunda yer almaktadır.
He played on the European Tour, winning eight times, and later the European Senior Tour, winning twice.
Because of this, Iwata learned how to make himself better.
His career began in 1930.
最新的标准是2002年的AC97 2.3版本。
They went on a 5-year-long hiatus from 2004 to 2009.
Beauty contests award crowns to the winning participant, for example.
MK and Lily share a happy and playful relationship.
Skip Sari Karjalainen is married to fourth player Markku Karjalainen.
At the end of each round, contestants must vote one player out of the game.
It is mostly on Santa Catarina Island.
In 2006, she was a finalist for the Hispanic Business magazine Woman of the Year Award in the April 2006 issue.
And Bengal is nothing but the Vanga, and the easiest way to maintain the legacy is to drop the 'West' from West Bengal.
In a meritocracy, the people are chosen who are thought to be the best.
In the early 14th century, Ebn Baṭṭuṭa (II, pp. 341-2) records that, after the death of the Il-Khanid sultan (i.e. after 736/1335), a certain Malek Dinār took power in Makrān.
Most countries around the world celebrate national anniversaries.
，也可用多巴胺治療 citation 。
The Power Rangers go and find Ninjor, a powerful ninja (a ninja is a type of fighter from Japan), who made the magic coins.
Murray had been Marist's president during the academic years 1979 through 2016.
A Roman milestone of the 3rd century is preserved in the church and in the churchyard there is an unusual Hiberno-Saxon cross head.
Before Nokia N900 has memory hardware is 600MB of memory card is 512MB and 256MB, Nokia N900 has an Dual PIN in 708MB names is Nokia Flushed Dual PIN was designed from hardware.
The rest house was located at a place named in Ziarat.
He returns to the table where the nobles are eating, and looks for a seat.
Metzenmacher died on August 3, 2020 at the age of 56. https://www.
It was demonstrated at the New York Toy Fair in 2016 before the game was released in June 2016.
's "100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time".
The Peshwa is a (
This hybridisation created the species Triticum turgidum, 580 820 thousand years ago.
The AK-47 quickly became famous and spread all around the world because it was simple to fire, clean and maintain, and also because of its reliability, meaning that it can be fired for a long time without jamming.
Raj lives on his own.
Finally, the top speed of Allosaurus has been estimated at 30 to 55 kilometers per hour (19 to 34 miles per hour).
The underside of the male's wings is mainly yellow-orange.
In the end, she died of liver cancer in 2002.
西亚区、东亚区的八分之一决赛分开进行。
At the same time she is a theater and dance instructor and voice actor.
Then ten of the bikers from the beginning come in and shoot the bar with the crossbow.
A mere participation of a poker player seems to appeal towards pride.
There were about 200 boyar families.
Ernest Healy (1993), 'Ethnic ALP Branches - The Balkanisation of Labor,' in People and Place Vol.1, No.4, Page 38. However, many ALP (Anti-Communist) members were not Irish.
据2016年统计，该村委员会的人口为462人。
Ülkenin toplam yüzölçümü 255.804 km 2 olmuştur.
The events in the books are set in motion by beings who have taken on the roles of the Greek gods.
Hurricane Maria was a major hurricane in September 2005.
He was a teacher and a superintendent of schools in Iceland.
He was able to publish chapters previously suppressed, and new parts written after research at the library of the Hoover Institution.
"I thought I was going to play myself in it.
Whether a given act or omission constitutes a crime does not depend on the nature of that act or omission; it depends on the nature of the legal consequences that may follow it.
After making the hard decision to carry the band on without Blackmore, the band hired American guitar player Tommy Bolin and carried on the funk-rock music style Blackmore was unhappy about.
討厭醋拌菜和被別人評論自己的混血外貌。
The station was constrained by sharp curves at both ends and could not be further extended on its original site.
Sanat yaşamının on beşinci yılına (2005) adım atan sanatçı, bu geçen on beş yıl boyunca yurt içinde ve yurt dışında yaklaşık on bin konsere çıktı.
Grover looks really worried about them.
M.Ö.220 Ekim sonu ile Kasım başı arasında küçük erkek kardeşi Ptolemy IV ile evlendi.
The Old Order Amish on the other hand, kept much of their traditional culture.
Macro photography often reveals details of the subject not visible with the naked eye.
She has one child from her second marriage.
Kuşdili oyunculuk merkezinden oyunculuk eğitimi almıştır.
Liscr. n. 1770 。
For hundreds of years, the ancient buildings were damaged and neglected.
Morales has said he does not like United States policy toward Latin America, criticizing the country's past failures to stand up for democracy, trade agreements which he feels have not helped Bolivia, and especially for the US's anti-drug policies.
Miki is also the vice president of Shinshuren, Federation of New Religious Organizations of Japan.
He forcefully opposed the use of nuclear weapons and was a supporter of world peace.
It is about a father and daughter (
節目中也推動司法、金融、稅制等改革，以及黨產歸零、
Headquarters building was destroyed by aerial bombing.
The singles released from this album were "That's My Story", "Man of My Word", "My Kind of Girl", "If I Were You" and "Little Rock".
However, it gave more power at close range.
／泰山區公所／泰山分駐所／福泰里／泰山區公所／泰山高中／同榮里／義學里／義仁里／明志國小／貴子路口／
The edition shown was printed in the late 19th century.
It was finished in 2016 and was the sixth Disneyland park to be built.
Its literal translation was "free state".
Pulitzer's already failing health deteriorated rapidly, and he left the newsroom.
Round about 1450 A.D, Pu Hanghil (the father of Chie Manlun) and Pu Gen Kun of Taithul family founded Hai Daw village from Suih Mual village.
Breckinridge's command consisted of approximately 1,000 regular troops with another 500 militia reserves.
A. Milne、1882年1月18日－1956年1月31日）
The American Revolution (Documentary), Episode II:Blows Must Decide: 1774–1776.
As of 2007, 60.7 percent of everyone in the state are members of "The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints".
》（卷153）：“既久任江南，與吏民相習若家人父子。
据文史资料记载，至1943年，衡阳稍具规模的工厂共有215家，手工业近千家，有职工约1万余人 衡阳日报官方微信公众号《遥忆当年“小上海”，八旬老人口述衡阳变迁》，2014年8月27日，记者：刘思远。
Musicians usually think Lakmé is his greatest work.
Rain falls and puts out the fire.
Apollo was so angry that he turned the loyal raven's feathers black and took away the bird's ability to speak.
如果要添加宾语，直接添加在动词后即可，例如：
It is also rumored that Boreanaz will star in the upcoming movie Jurassic Park 4 which will be released some time in 2008.
It started in January 2008.
It is one of the most famous theme parks in Japan.
; a halucination is sensing something which is not real, but an illusion is interpreting what we sense wrongly.
The line of succession to the Dutch throne is the list of people who may become King or Queen of the Netherlands.
、2012年倫敦市長選舉自民黨黨內初選候選人拜恩·希利；
SANAA stands for "Sejima And Nishizawa And Associates".
In 962 and 1087, the cathedral burnt down and was built again.
Soprano is also a crime boss for many criminal organizations.
In fact, prisons had become so overcrowded that convicts had been relegated to hulks (floating prisons).
It comes with a keyboard.
Barbican station from the west.
'ın olduğu dizi 1980'lerde geçmekte ve Gültepe'de bir mahallede yaşayanların hayatını konu almaktadır.
Siegfied (Sigurd) braved the fire, woke her, and fell in love with her.
In land plants, this holds the stem upright.
The psychology of affiliation: Experimental studies of the sources of gregariousness, vol.
：“漢初土德，色尚黃，至此始明火德，幟尚赤，服色於是乃正。”
She has two children with her husband, Sindre Finnes.
The first poster was composed by bulls of "Valparaíso" for Alfredo Leal, Daniel "Matatoba" Santiago, Manuel Benítez "El Cordobés" and the Venezuelan Lucio Requena.
He would make rash decisions without consideration.
'nin programına davet ettiği Reha Kocataş da, hang çalanlar arasında.
这个综述是基于其他中国科学家的研究写成。
Because Italy had lots of beautiful marble in many different colours, many buildings have fronts or "facades" decorated in coloured marble.
The capital is Kavajë.
The Germans found out about the landings at 03:00 on January 22. At 05:00 the Germans ordered the Kampfgruppe of 4th Parachute Division and the Hermann Göring Panzer Division to defend the roads leading from Anzio to the Alban Hills.
In the five Tours de France that he won, he only won two stages that were not time trials.
该组织致力于为卧病在床的病人带去现场及录制的音乐。
It is at 5359 m above seal level.
There were massive traffic jams and fuel shortages.
The day-to-day management of the university is by the Vice-Chancellor.
In this scene, the character Monty reads Glyn's story and introduces it to the audience.
A casket match, also known as a Coffin match, is a match where there is a casket near the ring.
Continuous and long-lasting research and conservation efforts are necessary if we want to understand the interplay between competition and cooperation in this emblematic species for human evolution, and how it relates to our own evolution."
"family") has taken the place of blood relatives.
On December 13, 1968 he was cleared of all charges and fully rehabilitated.
They can be made into both trans and cis double bonds.
許多人權團體擔心，宗教教育通過會學校的渠道影響到全社會，使俄羅斯的變成一個濃厚宗教氣氛的國家，不信教的群眾將成為受壓迫者 citation 。
He was born at Leńcze near Lanckorona.
Glee dizisindeki Jeff S. Sterling rolü ile de bilinmektedir.
Diğer bir peptid olan timozin ise T Lenfosit farklılaşmasını hızlandırır.
Parmenides' biggest argument was that change does not exist.
It was released as the lead single from the soundtrack on September 27, 2018.
民國八十九年八月十六日因立法院廖福本涉嫌奇美公司假股票案件，
From 966 BC count back 2992 years to the first man, as given in the Old Testament record.
His style is very different to that of Gauguin, because he often put paint onto the canvas in short brushstrokes that make lots of wavy lines.
Their fifth album 'Sabbath Bloody Sabbath' came out in 1973 and was the first of their albums to get good reviews from critics, although their opinion of the first four albums also changed to become much more positive over time.
He also performed lead vocals on two Black Sabbath songs: "It's Alright" from the album Technical Ecstasy and "Swinging the Chain" citation from the album Never Say Die!
' abduction of her, guiding the goddess' path at night by her flaming torches.
Most have failed to focus on Buck's story.
》）等，卻因覺得辛苦且拍攝《蝙蝠傳奇》期間，
He also has made over 75 albums, 15 of which are Grammy Award winners.
He has appeared in such daytime TV soap operas as Santa Barbara as Joe Perkins in 1984 and in Capitol as Tyler McCandless from 1985 to 1986.
The trophy is pure silver and gold.
Immediately after the invasion, a series of protests took place in Czechoslovakia.
Flight 103 was manned by Captain Jim MacQuarrie (55), First Officer Ray Wagner (52), and Flight Engineer Jerry Don Avritt (46).
" comes from the Greek roots "tele-", which means "distant/far", and "-gram/-graph", which means "writing", thus a telegram is a machine that sends written messages from far away.
CNDO is based on quantum chemistry.
Most flooded of all was the "crazy-mad"
Columbia: University of South Carolina Press.
Räikkönen is very calm, cool, and calculating in his race strategy—prompting the nickname "Iceman", which is subtly written on the side of his current helmet design.
Aynı yıl reklam yayınlarına da başlandı.
However, they almost get hit by the truck.
Since their formation in 1988, they have undergone several line-up changes.
Kasabanın nüfusu 31 Aralık 2017 tarihi itibarıyla 10,281'dir.
" ("Passivrauchen") was coined in Nazi Germany.
In 1996 Cherry released Man.
Twitter can also be used as an amateur and professional news source.
Bilabial sounds are made with both lips.
Anderson and Roma defeated Austin and Regal at the event.
Each Court of Appeals deals with appeals filed in their circuit.
After the time, the substance is washed out and the effects are recorded.
The level of security a prison has depends on the type of prison.
It is mainly based off a 1588 play called Pandosto by Robert Greene.
Viruses, worms or trojan horses can be used by criminals or mischievous people (called '
Like Brüning's government, von Papen's government was a "presidential government" that governed through the use of Article 48.
After eight months with his family, he returned to Vienna to teach music.
There are many other known styles for Japanese bonsai.
They trained in Germany and China before the start of the Games.
The sheriff, E.L. Resweber, later said, "This boy really got a shock when they turned that machine on."
In July 2012, Andre began a relationship with medical student Emily MacDonagh.
而上段者除了在熟練各型以及精通技術外，更注重在培養高尚的武德，以及鍛鍊堅強的意志，以達到習武者的最高境界。
There is a rotating disc with images, and there are small slits between the images.
They have front limbs shaped like shovels for digging and long noses so they can stick their tongues aboveground and lick the surface to catch ants to eat.
因身材過於肥胖，所以行動用滾的。
These features include narrow eyes, a flat nose-bridge, smaller mouths and shorter fingers.
在場外交易中，價格不一定是為公眾公佈的。
Bass had made the usual contributions to the fund from his salary.
All social dances in Cuba involve a hip-sway over the standing leg and, though this is hardly noticeable in fast salsa, it is more pronounced in the slow ballroom rumba.
In Israel, pieces of the Egyptian spiny-tailed lizards were found near burrows used by sand cats.
Harding "Burnell, Robert" Oxford Dictionary of National Biography 爱德华一世试图帮助他这位挚友成为一名更富有的主教，然而1280年初伯内尔被提名成为温彻斯特主教 Fryde, et al.
It is illegal to shoot game on Sundays or at night.
He told everyone they had seen a featherfoot man.
They appear on bird-like dinosaurs before there were any flying birds (
》（卷438）:“光绪四年，调廉州。
He wrote a several small books, "A practical scheme for land settlement in Western Australia" (1922), citation "Proposals for agricultural railways in Western Australia" (1924) citation and "Wheat growing in Western Australia" (1930).
影片的花费是这个价钱的7倍，但，这笔钱支持了最后几周的拍摄至关重。
He is also known by his pen name Goha (고하; 古下).
This is one of the most important reasons why they are used safely in houses, server rooms, data centers, manufacturing environments, hospitals, offices, and other poorly ventilated areas.
She created an archive of women's biographies and history.
今本依南琪本，無章名，分一至十五（章）。
The city is bordered by the rivers Subarnarekha and Kharkai on the north and west parts of the city.
，要求絞死該周刊的漫畫家，有示威者的標語稱「製作褻瀆先知的漫畫是最惡劣的恐怖主義行為」。
Essentially, the German offensive was checked at Stalingrad.
He called this number g (for general factor).
The National Center for Education Statistics has more detail.
Kort 23,78 metre (78 fit) uzunluğunda, 10,97 metre (36 fit) genişliğindedir.
Butch Hartman, creator of the series.
Mutfak bünyesinde sahneye çıkmaya devam etmektedir.
Popes today travel to many countries around the world preaching.
The party was run by a five-member central committee.
On 27 November 2007, the BBC confirmed that she would return her role as Rose Tyler in the fourth series for three episodes.
The province of Forlì-Cesena has an area of convert.
此外，過去曾擔任AKB48 Team 4副隊長以及STU48隊長，
Osborne County is very Republican.
" be in the novel, so Mailer used the word "fug" to replace it.
Bunlar arasında en önemlisi Perikles’tir.
The darkness of the night sky is estimated by a nine-point scale known as the Bortle scale.
At that time, Iqbal also became well known as a new poet and writer.
But, the resurrected person lives for ever.
That is when Benito Juarez learned Spanish because he only spoke Zapotec.
Soccer moms are often completely involved and coach their children from the sidelines.
他的父亲是铁匠，他因此进行象牙雕刻的训练，后来进行雕塑的训练。
Nikki Sixx has had several spouses including Courtney Sixx (2014), Donna D'Errico (1996-2007), and Brandi Brandt (1989-1996).
他整個職業生涯一共獲得了267次觸身球保送，是大聯盟史上第四多的紀錄。 citation 而貝勒整個職業生涯一共敲出2135安、338轟與285盜。
因此，我认为和谈是没有希望的；即使谈成了，国民党当权派也不会给共产党实权的。”
A numerical survey is to get numbers as replies.
John Kenneth Wetton (12 June 1949 – 31 January 2017) was a British singer-songwriter and bass guitarist.
伊薩臣便成為國家隊首席守門員，
There were Japanese bomber air raids almost every day.
再析圣像破坏运动的影响” 學術交流. vol.
This they manage to do.
Ancient Armagh was the territory of the Ulaid people before the year 400. The Red Branch ruled the county.
David Cliche (July 10, 1952 July 19, 2020) was a Canadian politician.
First impressions: cylinder seals in the ancient Near East.
Every school has a set of rules and if students break these rules they are subject to discipline.
Grandson is male.
This table can be sorted by constituency, party or party group: click the symbol at the top of the appropriate column.
;Definition: A conic is the curve got by intersecting a plane, called the cutting plane, with a cone.
After World War I, in 1919, Churchill was made Secretary of State for War, and Secretary of State for Air (
It completes a spin around itself in 17 hours and 14 minutes.
The robe, sandals, the beard and hair were made of gold.
They say that this ordinance is no longer valid, because God has replaced his old creation by a new one.
İstanbul Üniversitesi İletişim Fakültesi tarafından yayın hayatına sokulmuştur.
As of November 2010 there are 850 graduated Garda Reserve, and another 148 in further training, the first batch of 36 Garda Reserves graduated on 15 December 2006 at the Garda College, in Templemore.
The best way to treat bursitis is to rest the joint and to lift it up.
Light curve of the asteroid 201 Penelope based on images taken on 6 October 2006 at Mount John University Observatory.
He already had a son by Elvira, his wife, who had been married to someone else.
He also missed the 1999 World Cup.
It is named after Alfred Horn who described them in an article in 1951.
郭氏認為這種症狀背後隱藏著許多原因，其中包括用酒烹調時所殘留的酒精、鈉成分或MSG調味品等。
It is based on the ideas of Hartmut von Hentig.
通常此規則用於學校班際競賽，男女混合人數較多時才用。
During his rule Iraq had high economic growth due to high international oil prices.
Vocaloid was originally nicknamed "Daisy" as a reference to the song "Daisy Bell", but eventually they got rid of that name and decided to use "Vocaloid" instead.
Akkad and his daughter, Rima were both killed by a large explosion in the lobby of the hotel.
衍象設計實驗室表示，「嘉藝之光」設計概念出自加拿大燈具公司Rougier在1970年代販售的燈具「MorilleL Lamp」作為發想，認為在視覺上與「日蝕」有雷同之處 citation 。
It is 98 meters above sea level.
Her maiden name is unknown.
The airport was designed by the architectural firm Hellmuth, Obata and Kassabaum (HOK).
The Model T went for around $980.
他們留下了一個小帳篷和信，若他們無法平安的回到大本营，可以以帳篷和信說明他們第一個到達南極的成就。
Many owners boycotted (did not race in protest) the race, so it started with only seven horses.
One of the radioactive ones lasts longer than any other isotope.
Each wrong guess removes a point (e.g. 1 wrong guess makes it 9, 2 wrong guesses makes it 8, etc.).
Although the WHA was not the first league since that time to attempt to challenge the NHL's hold as the top league, it was by far the most successful.
Some drugs cannot be clearly classified that way, they are at the intersection of both circles.
I say harsh words to you, and you become ruffled and upset.
The latter is a figure from the Coalition for International Justice that has since been cited by the UN.
舞台劇「TAKE FIVE」於2015年5月13日至21日在東京赤坂ACT公演，2015年5月28日至31日在大阪梅田藝術劇場公演。
Jahan's eldest daughter, Jahanara Begum, slowly brought him out of mourning and took the place of Mumtaz at court.
Tororo has a lot of vitamin B1, vitamin C, calcium, potassium, and other vitamins and minerals.
Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 20.74%.
Sonra da Fatal 4 Way PPVsinde Cena’a saldırarak Cena'nın kemeri kaybetmesini sağladı.
在加拿大，《見證》同樣成為她繼《花漾年華》與《超炫光》後的空降冠軍專輯，於首週售出約23,000張 citation ，其後於次週下滑至第4位 citation 。
England won 5-0 in front of a crowd of 20,193 people.
Yazar şöyle dedi: "Hangi kız, bir an için de olsa, annesini öldürmeyi istememiştir?
The coins were made in 2005.
Yoon won Best Screenplay at the 1981, 1985 and 1994 Korean Association of Film Critics Awards for his movies The Hut (1981), The King's Poison (1984) and I Will Survive (1993).
現今已從格鬥界退休，轉作經營道場及演員。
The instruments have sloped shoulders and a flat back.
West was nominated for three American Music Awards.
Benjamin Julian Kaston, Spiders of Connecticut under the section on the "Genus Lycosa'," p. 321ff.
In the opera, Delilah is responding to Samson's words "Dalila!
The population of Hellertown was 5,898 at the 2010 census.
Ayrıca 29 Mart 2012'de American Idol'ün 11. sezonunda seslendirdi.
Tüccarlık, 1. (XII), 2. (XIII), 3. (XIV) ve 4. (XV) Dönem Bursa Milletvekilliği ile Ticaret Bakanlığı yaptı.
The main industries in Hachinohe are manufacturing and services.
He was the Secretary General of the Council of Europe from 2009 through 2019.
Norbert Röttgen (born 2 July 1965) is a German lawyer and politician.
Some researchers (Cathcart) claim the onset of diarrhoea to be an indication of where the body’s true vitamin C requirement lies.
It was next to a very old palace that Enrico was restoring to live in. The palace has gone now, but the chapel is still standing.
From the musical Madame Sherry.
Smiley is a brand developed by Franklin Loufrani since 1971.
It is believed that on this day, Parvathi met Lord Shiva after her long penance and Lord Shiva took her as his wife.
Eisenstein's health was also failing.
It has the longest station seat in the world, convert in length.
Abidjan was the capital before that.
进入仿宋山门，馆前立有“稼轩故里”雕刻石碑，
The 2008 New Zealand general election was held on 8 November 2008.
Fiat discontinued the model in 2010.
These countries have a long tradition in comics and comic books.
ISBN 1-55540-430-8) and has been spoken for longer than that.
The conductor will need to have a score, but the players will play from a “part” which has just the notes that they play.
He played college basketball for Iowa State University.
Video games are usually played at a frame rate of 60 frames per second.
It would not be mistaken for CQ,either.
Her new husband changed his surname to Burdett-Coutts.
附帶一提，這位沒有露面的老婦，並非飾演奈津晚年的演員江波杏子，而是劇中另一位演員川崎亞沙美（大阪府岸和田市出身，飾演糸子二女兒直子）的祖母。
He started working as a child actor.
Some people even say that they did not use the same version of this earlier text.
The character of Jayne Cobb was a role that was perfect for him.
Small, unchanging aneurysms may produce very few symptoms.
牛津大学是第一个提供此课程的大学，
They were the first parts of the Bible to talk about Jesus' birth.
So, you don't need to confuse in it.
In some US cities it is standard to paint the maximum allowable weight of a helicopter in thousands of pounds.
A police team begins to chase Nick, believing he has explosives in the area, forcing him to flee the ledge and enter the hotel.
This school is headed by a lama known as the Gyalwang Drukchen Rinpoche who followers believe is an incarnation of Tsangpa Gyare.
He used to anchor the NBC News broadcast The News with Brian Williams on NBC's sister networks CNBC and MSNBC.
Near Carinda, the Macquarie is joined by the Marthaguy Creek which drains an area 6,500 square kilometres and carries flood water from the Macquarie and Castlereagh Rivers.
Holman was 67 when she died.
After failed anti-Russian uprising in 1863 Romanticism ended in Poland.
Çitalar için kuyruk koşu esnasında da yardımcı olur.
The evil stepmother gets the fairy godmother's wand and reverses all of which the fairy godmother did.
The data is stored on computer files, and there are summary volumes in print.
It was meant as a distress signal, and should be repeated until all other stations stopped sending.
，五十年间，鲜卑一直臣附于东汉，边塞安宁无事。
This is usually because they are not strong enough, as going en pointe means one has to have enough strength.
He stayed in there until it opened on December 31st, 2999.
It was made into 31 comic books and 101 animations.
As a result the public side is warmer in the southern area near the dam.
NBA players are the world's best paid athletes.
When bipolar disorder develops at a young age, the first few episodes are usually depressive.
They can also be green, blue, brown, and black.
People usually think of racism as being thoughts of hate and prejudice against other races, but institutional racism means that those feelings are present in the ways people interact with each other.
，他代表數支球隊累計上陣了超過300場正式賽事。
People who died in the 850s.
在二極管的內部，P型半導體與N型半導體的接面區域被稱為耗盡層；在這區域內，
However, most commercial dairy farms do not keep bulls because of the concern that such bulls are very dangerous when being handled.
Franck Montagny as the third driver.
Sitting on the lines of Persian architecture, this shrine looks old and it is a popular tourist spot.
叶城县位于新疆维吾尔自治区西南部，距首府乌鲁木齐1500多公里,距喀什市260公里。
A cultured woman, she left a considerable architectural legacy in her adopted countries.
One of them, by the name of Kyle Rittenhouse, shot and killed two protesters and shot and wounded one other allegedly in self defense.
屋顶正中设钟楼，突出交通建筑特点。
The prefecture has the least number of people in the Central African Republic.
Depending on the culture it usually does not mean that the kisser loves the person he or she kissed.
The script is based on Christianna Brand's Nurse Matilda books.
They often occur in thick deciduous forests, as well as parland and natural gardens.
Batısında da bu tür yapılar bulunmakla birlikte daha çok site anlayışı ile yapılmış ayrık nizamlı apartmanlar ağırlıktadır.
" - Recorded for the Killer Queen: A Tribute to Queen album.
初到巴西追梦的三浦知良身材矮小、身体单薄，虽有一定的脚下技术，但球队教练并不十分看好三浦知良在巴西的职业发展前景。
The highest mountains are to the south of the city; to the north, there are only low hills with small valleys.
Rerir'in karısının elma tüketmesi, altı yıllık bir hamilelik ve oğulları olan kahraman Völsung'un sezaryen doğumuyla sonuçlanır.
It goes east to the Quebec boarder.
During the mating season, male seals will "sing".
凱特向眾人表示找到無線電接收器，但它壞了，問誰可以修好，薩伊德說他可以修理。
By the 1870s Courbet was thought of as one of the leading artists in France.
Also, Anchiornis had long legs, usually an indication of a strong runner.
為確保這些學位課程達到國際認可的水平，
He also played a key role in the development of L-dopa as a therapy for the disorder.
Bu konuda 1990’lı yıllardan itibaren net bulgular elde edilebilmiştir; fakat bu bulgular, yıldız türündeki belirli bir kütlenin, evrimini kara delik halinde içe çökmesiyle tamamlaması konusunda önceden bilinenleri değiştirmemiştir.
He was defeated again in 2002 at 16th presidential election, and in 2007 for the 17th presidential elections.
In 2011, Steven Seagal produced and starred in a 13 episode television series called True Justice.
Because Cristal is hurt, the Stardust makes Nomi the lead dancer in Goddess.
The first digit in each number tells how the gene or disease is inherited (passed from one generation to the next).
The Haitian revolution of 1791 led to many colonial French and their slaves fleeing to Oriente.
The band broke up in 2000.
；虽然这些立宪君主擁有一定特權：如所有的議案要變成法律形式上依然需要國王的核准；王室特權還包括解散議會，訂立條約，宣戰，授勛。
Since light travels faster than anything else, light should travel through something more rigid (like steel) faster than anything else.
Hafız el-Esad'ın Ulusal Komutanlık toplantılarına nadiren katılacak zamanı vardı.
Jobim's song has sophisticated harmonic structures.
The name got popular among masses and soon there were many products under this brand.
东非大裂谷地图，红色三角块为历史上的一些活火山；中部阴影区为阿法尔三角区，
Reviews usually praise the game's graphics and Djinni system.
A team from the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) also investigated.
The movie will also be made into a live-action movie.
His figure has been wrapped in a halo of romanticism that has related to piracy, hidden treasures and illicit romances.
Among the religions in Vietnam, Buddhism has the most followers.
In the capo system, there were different types of kapos, who had different ranks and different jobs.
It was released worldwide on March 16th, 2018.
It is currently edited by Niall Stokes.
Despite the falsehoods shown on the site, all 25 seventh-grade students involved in one well-publicized test believed the content.
It has been suggested that a spiral structure in the thinnest material around the F ring may have been a result of this.
They are typically forest-dwelling.
Nine-banded armadillos do not live in groups.
體呈紅色，眼睛周圍有一深色斑紋，另第二背鰭基部有一深色眼斑，尾鰭略凹入。
In December 2019, the injunction was put in place again.
A "swinging rhythm" also gets the people who are listening excited, because they like the sound of it.
直到西元1707年蘇格蘭與英國成立聯合王國，在Allan Ramsay和James Macpherson等人物的提倡下，才漸漸恢復。
Dağlık bölgelerde 2000 metre yüksekliğe kadar rastlanılabilir.
He was born in Montesquiu, Spain.
Jack becomes obsessed with the idea of a kill while Ralph is still more interested in building shelters (with Simon's help) and escaping the island, something Jack does not seem bothered about anymore.
The Queen is the third part of Parliament.
A Secretary of State is the top government official in the U.S. State Department.
The four members reunited again at the Public Assembly in New York on April 13, 2012.
后来他将这段影片与布拉格之春纪录片剪辑在一起，并以《布拉格清唱剧》为名发行。
When the ship is taken over by mutineers, the two are left on a tropical coast.
These verses seem make it permissible to treat women badly.
Teen Pregnancy: What Are the Consequences?
Yunan ordusunun zararı; 3758 ölü, 18.955 yaralı, 354 kayıp olmak üzere toplam 23.007'dir.
He has adventures with his friends and family.
；该群岛总面积为1,848平方公里，最高点海拔达751米，
Genesis: the scientific quest for life's origins.
更何况玻璃琴是玻璃制造的，很容易破损，这也是它不再流行的原因之一。
The player may interrupt the guide at anytime and take control.
Foster有过一段恋情，但她拒绝了他的求婚。
It may stay underground for millions of years.
察觉到异变试图解决的人、尽管是虚幻的存在却依照自己的主见行动的人、潜伏在异变中暗地里活跃着的人、各自对决，并抵达了各自的结局。
Princess Alice lived on there until 1981, when she died at age 97 years and 313 days.
，他签约的原因被认为是由于他的哥哥埃菲·索杰当时是哈德斯菲尔德的队长。 citation 9月11日，
For example, it can be a communal trench in the earth in a camp to be used as emergency sanitation, a hole in the ground (pit latrine), or more advanced designs, including pour-flush systems.
That led to the establishments of Östers IF dam.
She was the presenter of the Eurovision Song Contest 1957.
There are about 3000 people living there.
If the prayer is answered and a miracle happens, then they know that the person is a saint.
Part of the New Bridge Road was often closed between 12 January 1998 and 20 October 2001 for the construction of Chinatown MRT Station.
Ian McElhinney (born 19 August 1948) is a Northern Irish actor and director.
，张苍以代相从攻燕有功，封为北平侯，1200户。
許下「最後的願望」 米迦勒擁有於死前一刻許下一個願望之特殊能力，能夠以死亡換取超越極限的必殺一擊，但一般而言會選擇進行轉生程序，到時候身體及力量會退化至幼年狀態。
Mikey B建議淘汰表現差勁的Chet，他後來建議一半人投票淘汰Chet，一半人投票淘汰Tracy。
Khomyuk is a fictional composite character.
According to the artist, the earth sculpture at the airport is meant to be “An Island in Time,” i.e. a symbol of time sequences which are determined by the “primeval energy of the earth.”
If it is spoken out loud, it is called slander.
All the way across the sheet of developed film we will see a series of bright and dark bands.
Whales are known to teach, learn, cooperate, scheme, and even grieve.
He makes sure to take care of all the factors of the state.
Books were still written in it.
She was European women's champion in 2011, and is a two-time Lithuanian champion.
He chooses Higa Ryan and Fujiyoshi Sean after discovering the popularity of their YouTube videos.
About 12,000 Spitfires were made there from 1940 to 1945.
，读音为「DE-MOON」，当中De为拉丁语“away from”之意，MOON即月亮。
The parish capital is May Pen.
"Hemorrhagic" means that the victim will bleed a lot, inside and outside their body.
Josephus, The Jewish War, p. 378. It has a history of more than 1300 years.
直到今天，比特所提供的照片仍然作为一些事件，
Including nearby municipalities, Alicante was populated by 458,843 residents.
Every year there is a chess competition for micronations to play in. It is played on the computer and in the first year, 3 micronations took part.
Spatulas have a handle that is long enough to keep the user's hand away from what they want to lift, flip, or scrap.
He was a member of the Belgian Socialist Party.
O daha önceden altyapıyı hazırlamıştı.
在亞馬爾半島的未來被大大地改變，有全新的公路、鐵路及氣田計畫。
The millisecond before contact with wood a thickened nictitating membrane closes, protecting the eye from flying debris.
The District is mostly consisting of rural area.
From 1985 to 2011, he was a member of the North Carolina Senate.
Wilkinson, Chinese History, p. 995.
She has been married twice.
Translators are accused of being "damnable corrupters of God's word".
HD 22322，又名CD-32 1358，SAO 194379、HR 1095，是一颗恒星 ，视星等为6.
This skill would help them in their life after the show.
This shows us that the location of a particle is probabilistic; one can never say that the particle will definitely be found at a certain point in space, but rather, one can only give the probability of finding the particle within that region.
People with BDD often look at their reflection in anything shiny, like mirrors, windows, CDs, screens, etc.
因為家境貧困，念完中學后，西門子加入軍隊。
Windows Server 2016 was officially released at Microsoft's Ignite Conference on September 26, 2016.
Visions of Virtue in Tokugawa Japan, p. 130. Another scholar critical of Sorai's teachings was Nakai Chikuzan, who was also familiar with Goi's opposition to Ogyū Sorai.
When he was done civilizing the people in Egypt, he left the country to his wife Isis and made peace in many other places.
Julien Fournié was recruited in 2003 as director of ready-to-wear style at Torrente.
Computers can also use asymmetric ciphers to give each other the keys for symmetric ciphers.
Çok zekidir ama beynini kötülüğe kullanır.
It includes autocomplete functionality but will only autocomplete URLs that were manually entered (rather than all links), search suggestions, top pages (previously visited), popular pages (unvisited), and text search over history.
In 1877 he started learning in the Academy of Fine Arts in Kraków as a student of Jan Matejko.
Ulaşımı güç, kaçmanın adeta imkânsız olduğu adalar, asıl ünlerini din ve taht kavgalarıyla sarsılan Bizans'ın sürgün ve çile beldeleri olarak kazanmışlardır.
The base is baked first, then the filling and the meringue are put in and baked again.
Her final television appearance was in Warriors' Gate, where, along with the robot dog K-9, she leaves to forge her own path in the parallel universe of E-space.
在他对苏联住房短缺的探讨中，霍洛维兹称短缺一直非常严重，17%的苏联家庭不得不以物理方式分隔出想要的足够的空间。
这加快了工作效率，是我国古代杰出的技术的体现。
The Germans pulled back on the 29th, withdrawing over the Seine on the 30th.
Some of these men were never soldiers; the IJA just assumed they were.
Bohr and his colleagues argued that photons, electrons, etc. do not have either position or momentum until they are measured.
It is widely believed that, in order for an Inugami to be born, one must bury a dog in its entirety, leaving visible only the part of the neck and head.
Lambert-Beer prensibine uygun gerçekleşen etkileşme mekanizmasına göre, ilgilenilen atomların ne düzeyde x-ışını soğurdukları belirlenir.
During the 1990s, the sovereignty movement was at its height.
文章也质疑了IIBC和它的盈利搭档国际交流学校（International Communications School）之间的关系，两者共用办公场所。
Groups of clans sometimes band together based on a common ancestor or other blood relationship.
In the 2014 municipal election in Beaucaire, the list he is leading leads the second round in a quadrangular format, with 39.8% of the votes.
大革命期间，修道院关闭，贫穷修女会离开。
Over-population means that there are too many cats, and some will be put to sleep (put down) in animal pounds (animal shelters).
Hep iyi bir lise öğrencisi olan Hall, tıp alanında kariyer planları yapmaya bu yıllarda başladı.
He became one of the very few living holders of the George Cross.
In protest, a nationwide cessation of work (hartal) was called, marking the beginning of widespread, although not nationwide, popular discontent.
The islands cluster into three groups.
He wrote that if he were to say without proof, that a teapot, too small to be seen by telescopes, orbits the Sun somewhere in space between the Earth and Mars, he could not expect anyone to believe him because his claim could not be proven wrong.
The police chased them but the gang had stolen better and faster horses and easily escaped.
There is also a hardcore version where the wrestler must put the opponent through a table that has been set on fire.
It was released as a promotional single by Walt Disney Records on November 4, 2016.
The city is the 6th smallest government unit in terms of land area; among the Metro Cebu local government units the city is the second smallest next to the municipality of Cordova in the island of Mactan.
Alexander of Constantinople, then a presbyter, was also present as representative of his aged bishop.
廣欽創建較知名的廣明寺（新店）或承天禪寺（土城）雖然都是富者為了供養廣欽而出錢購地建成的，之後，也利用此方式建成了碧潭寺、廣照寺等；然而，
无水羟基苯并三唑有爆炸性，使用时需注意。
The two cuchillas in the department are cuchilla de Queguay to the northwest, and cuchilla de Haedo to the southeast.
In 1896, the library was the largest collection of books in the world.
Public health campaigns in the 1920s tried to halt the spread of TB.
清隐瞒自己的母亲住在精神病院的真相；
İlk krallığı, MÖ 7. yy'ın başlarında Çin kayıtlarında görülmüştür.
On 22 March 2013, Reyna played his first senior match.
This means that some words change their form in different situations.
Bu mağlubiyet, Wyatt'ın WWE ana kadrosundaki ilk tuşlandığı mağlubiyet oldu.
Volkswagen has a new car called the "New Beetle." which began selling in 1997, It looks like the old car, but is built quite differently.
She also appeared as an infant in Home Alone with her grandmother and had a small cameo along with her father in Home Alone 2: Lost in New York.
The ghosts can't be seen by anyone in the house other than by the daughter Lydia, with whom they become friends.
該年他的打擊率高達3成31，並敲出21轟與105分打點。
Abbott's product line includes pharmaceuticals, nutritional, diagnostics, and vascular products.
Many musical tributes were held in his memory, and he was buried there.
The Madwoman in the Attic: the Woman Writer and the Nineteenth Century Literary Imagination.
Irving Penn, American photographer (b.
It started by flying only to places in Iran, but soon started flights to other countries.
In the spring of 1980, the names, David and Frederic were retired and replaced with the names Danny and Fabian.
There are currently six seasons in the Total Drama series that have aired below the airdates listed in the table are from the original American airings.
For example, people sometimes are nude so their doctor to check if they are healthy or not.
Nonetheless, spyware remains a costly problem.
在2008年前為Millea控股 citation 。
Marty koşarak Brown'ın yanına gider.
It was first held in 1990.
Many people and businesses do not want to use fluorescent lamps due to their mercury content.
It was adopted on 1 October 1960.
Mach, büyük ölçüde UNIX tabanlı, son derece taşınabilir bir Accent oluşturmak için çaba harcamaya başladı.
On land the Dutch had been cut off from the Allied front and no major Allied landings were planned by sea.
有几位女性人物都是仅在福音书中出现了一次 -
Eğer önceden belirlenmiş zamanda iki roketin de aynı anda ( S’ye göre) ateşlendiğini varsayarsak, deneyin geri kalanı boyunca roketlerin hızları S’ye göre aynı olur ( roketlerin hızları zamanın fonksiyonu olmasına rağmen).
The large families of Cucurbitales include several economically important plants.
Klaus was born in Prague during the Nazi occupation and grew up in the Vinohrady neighborhood.
At the end of 2006, the special edition of the album King of Kings is released: the "Armageddon Edition" in which four additional titles are added.
His son and heir, Charles Louis-Napoleon Bonaparte, on the other hand, was at that time imprisoned in France for having tried to engineer a Bonapartist coup d'état.
In 2005, Mr. Botin was accused of insider trading (trading stock based on knowledge the general public did not have).
There are also pudding and pie under the Jell-O brand.
This is usually temporary, and people can return to their land once it is safe.
The Almaz program sent three space stations to space.
"Etymologically, a minister is a person of 'lower' status, a 'servant'.
For any set of axioms and inference rules proposed, either the system must be inconsistent, or there must in fact be some truths of mathematics which could not be deduced from them.
亚诺什豪尔毛伊区包含4个市镇。
Selena Quintanilla Perez (April 16, 1971 – March 31, 1995), known as simply Selena, was an American singers songwriter,actress and fashion designer.
The mob cried "Long live our King d'Orléans" during the raid.
However, as it turned out, they were those of the sea god, Njörðr.
It other fictional works, mithril it is also sometimes written differently, for example as mythril or mithral.
Sonraki sezon ise bir kupa maçında kadroya bile giremeyen futbolcu sezon sonunda kulüpsüz kaldı ve 24 yaşında futbola veda etti.
Pizzas need to be baked at temperatures of 200 250 °C.
田村 由美（9月5日 － ），血型O型，
It has 2 sequels.
Hyper decided to tell the truth, before it was revealed by anyone else.
The crew got out safely.
Oyunda Fortuna Kalesi'nde karşımıza çıkar.
It is 130 km (80 mi) in diameter.
Then he was married to Virginia Nash Tatem from 1939 until his death in 1988.
Arvid Linde, Preston Tucker and Others: Tales of Brilliant Automotive Innovators & innovations (Dorchester, England: Veloce, 2011), p. 136 In 1813 he built a car convert long and weighing over convert.
If the patient is not able to make his/her own decisions based on a cognitive or other impairment, the right of self-determination can be superseded by concern that a patient is a risk to self or others.
Global diversity of large branchiopods (Crustacea: Branchiopoda) in freshwater.
Bunun üzerine Esma Sultan, annesi ile birlikte eski saraya gitti.
Soon afterwards he wrote ballads himself.
在一些地方州縣和礦產地區，也設有管理官府手工業作坊的機構。
There are no trees.
She gave birth to her first daughter, Stella Street, on March 19, 2001.
The city has no own daily newspaper.
'daki bulunan Oyunculuk Akademisi'nden mezun oldu.
北方在下元节的时候吃豆沙包,南方下元节在吃的方面则显得比较的多，有芋子包、糍粑、麻腐包子、米果等。
Each borrower must belong to a five-member group, the group does not need to give a guarantee for a loan.
Within a year, the leadership of the commune became embroiled in a conflict with local residents, primarily over land use, which was marked by hostility on both sides.
然而，玩家的對手卻完全不會移動，
He was one of the most moderate candidates running in the primaries.
Bunlar, İblis Şeytan adı verilen eski yılanın peşinden giden insanları ve ruh varlıkları kapsar.
's writings and by Scientology spokesman Tommy Davis in an interview ABC affiliate KESQ-TV.
Fenty ran on a platform of bringing a more energetic and hands-on approach to district government.
瓜亞庫魯斯民族認為天空是為了不變髒，而跟地上換了位子。
This is the second possibility after mining.
事後警方在行李艙内發現一枚郵包炸彈，由於其計時裝置故障而未能爆炸，當局則表示這枚炸彈足以炸毀整架飛機。
İtici yay kolayca tekrar hızlanır ve geride bıraktığı dinginliği nedeniyle yüksek bir ağırlığa geçer.
However, there are many people who still follow the old-fashioned courting route for their relationships.
He fired at another MIG-15 which, bursting into smoke and flames, went into a vertical dive.
Almanya'da 3 milyonunun üzerinde Türk vatandaşı yaşarken Türkiye'de yaşayan Alman vatandaşı rakamı ise 15 bindir.
Larry Harvey (January 11, 1948 April 28, 2018) was an American artist, philanthropist and activist.
FH has since moved into other sports.
In 1967 version, an episode of Gumby Train Trouble is released in January 7, 1967 starring Gumby and first appearance of Nopey.
The Soviet Union invaded in August 1945, citation and formally transferred the territory to Chinese administration in the following year.
In the bottom half of the picture, the letters are closer together.
A thorny forest or a hedge of roses springs up and surrounds the castle to protect the sleeping princess.
The term cold cathode is often used to refer to cold cathode fluorescent lamps (CCFLs), which are often used were a long life is needed.
其中的雕像和部分壁画，将其运出中国或散落民间，严重损伤了莫高窟和敦煌艺术的完整性。
Finch gave birth to her daughter, Violet Rachael Miziner, in September 2013.
只提供一堆空格的數式，一個數字也沒有。
Also, you can get new powers whenever you defeat a monster to get HP.
Michelle was at its top winds when it struck Cuba, but when it left Cuba it was only a category 1 hurricane.
Joshua A. Hemmerich ve akranları duygulara dayalı tehlikeye karşı çabuk, otomatik ve doğal reaksiyonlardan meydana gelen “duygulara dayalı risk” kaynaklı seçimler üzerindeki endişe ve etkilere yönelik daha derin araştırmalarda bulunmuşlardır.
The company allowed him a pension.
None could predict a quantum particle's location from moment to moment.
Theie names were Thomas, Richard and Joseph, John, Elizabeth and Margaret.
'ndan yenilgiyle çıkan Osmanlı ordusundaki aksaklıkları, hataların neler olduğunu ve bunları nasıl sezdiğini ve üstlerine sunduğu çözüm yollarını kaleme almıştır.
A small number of missing person cases are not solved for many years.
The port was closed for three weeks.
It was very dangerous to be a member of the French resistance.
Fransız askeri gücüne karşı direnmenin yararsızlığını ve Faysal'ın Paris'te karşılaştığı baskıları çoğu Arap önderi anlayamadı.
在鍩被發現之前，其被預測在溶液中，它會如大部分其它的錒系金屬以三價為穩定的狀態。
He died on August 4, 2020 at the age of 68 at home in Cranbrook.
He is forgotten now.
Atlantic University was opened by Cayce in 1930; it closed two years later but was re-opened in 1985.
Sometimes they plunder fields and crops and are seen as troublesome by nearby human populations.
Their third child, also a girl, was guessed correctly by West; he chose the name Anniston Kae.
They avoid deforested areas and avoid human settlements.
On 14 June 1984 the town officially became known as Tumby Bay.
Different attack models are used for other cryptographic systems, or more generally for all kind of security systems.
He studied at the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor.
European Championship.
」，突破傳統傳媒被操控打壓的宿命。
有人指控麥卡里克曾經進行一系列不當性行為，
他曾一度想要就讀海軍學院，希望能成為海軍飛行員，但未得到父親同意 citation 。
A flute with a spacer plate, made by Richard W. Payne.
Hagman died on November 23, 2012, and Dallas producers subsequently announced that J.R. would be killed off in the second season.
，改用民团担任东栅子警备；（三）
The eldest son may bear what is called a junior title which an ancestor was given before the dukedom was created.
When in concert Brian May, Roger Taylor and Paul Rodgers would be helped by keyboard player Spike Edney, rhythm guitarist Jamie Moses and bassist Danny Miranda.
The team drafted him 7th overall during the 2018 NHL Entry Draft.
In nature, a perfect crystal is rare.
It has its own magma plumbing under the Earth that goes down under the Earths crust by 60 km.
Reyner Banham’ın Bağımsızlar Grubu ile de bağlantıları vardı.
They can telescope to fit tall or short hikers.
She appeared in more than fifty movies from 1986 until her death.
瘦素阻抗性的其中一個重要促成因子就是瘦素受體訊號傳遞的變化，
•Tıpkı güneş gibi, ayın da yeryuvarına uyguladığı çekim kuvveti, dünyanın rotasyon ekseninin ekliptik kutbu etrafındaki konik hareketin tabanı üzerinde, kutbu 18.6 yıllık periyotlar halinde sinüsodial bir harekete zorlamasına Nutasyon adı verilir.
第二世詠給‧明就多傑誕生於拉拓，又名詠給三眼者。
In 1998, they made the final decision to replace the old folkloristic museum for a real Cycling Museum, the National Cycling Museum.
The Clifton-Clyde High School mascot is Eagles.
The province of Ferrara is the most northerly province in the Emilia-Romagna region.
Mahila mandal is the best friend they all love each other.
在1979年8月25日舉行揭幕戰，
他与德摩斯梯尼等人谈判，希望收回本方阵亡者的尸体，并且与雅典联军方面缔结和平条约以便伯罗奔尼撒联军安全撤退。
He preached his last sermon in St. Pierre on February 6, 1564.
A meeting on the new Concorde Agreement was held on 7 December 2004.
This is called a half-time show.
During World War I, this movement convinced the future victorious powers to recognise a new state of Czechoslovakia after the war.
It also contains hundreds of interactive exhibits.
After the 2006 Worlds, where he won the silver medal, he said he felt pressured to do it in part because of the way the French press had turned on him.
OF 2 is a dangerous chemical.
Many American ships were damaged or destroyed during the battle.
The person who made the complaint used the name "Gloria Ironbox".
Honey impresses Kitty accidentally while Bunny does the hard work.
It was also released for the Nintendo 64 on March 29, 1998 in North America and in March 1999 in Europe, as well as the Game Boy Color in December 1999 in North America.
In a building, a wall and a floor are said to be perpendicular to each other, and they have a right angle.
There's a mode called Guitar Lessons that's like the Drum Lessons in Rhythm Tengoku.
The age of this formation has implications for the relationship between similar dinosaurs, as well as for the origin of birds in general.
計劃差距又可以分為用途差距（usage gap）、現有差距（existing gap）及產品差距（product gap）。
北京市民政局大事记, 1948-1988，北京市民政局，1990年，第176页 此后生平不详。
It told of his many military conquests.
IGN also features a popular message board, with a lot of members.
史林特通常扮演的是一位精神指南和团队顾问，也就是神龟们的老师。
但是电影剪辑马克·里沃尔西认为应该将故事情节集中在米兰达和安迪的冲突上，因此往往没有经过导演大卫·法兰科的同意而删除。
Currently, the MAC has 12 full members, all public schools, each of which competes in at least 15 MAC sports.
It is a way of creating a new vector space analogous of multiplication of integers.
While this album was not commercially successful, it was critically acclaimed, and is even considered one of the best selling albums ever made on an independent label.
Oyunda soğukkanlı bir seri katil rolünde olan ve oyun boyunca tek bir kelime bile etmediğinden dolayı lakabı Dilsiz Yılan'dır.
Alvarado worked as a booker for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) and as head of the wrestlers' union.
The plot involves Sidney and Jerry Prescott returning to Woodsboro after ten years, as part of their book tour.
Once the middle series in the Triassic was known as the Muschelkalk.
It is also sometimes used in making lemonade.
One day, when Kanha is at home as Radhika, Dev asks her if she's alright.
Kanyon girişinde gelen misafirlerin temel ihtiyaçlarının karşılanabileceği yeme-içme mekanları vardır.
Addiction is similar to a major disease like chronic heart disease or perhaps diabetes, but addictions are not taken as seriously as these major diseases.
唐廷枢为了满足社会各界对英语学习的需求，决定编撰一部汉英词典。
Volos is at the same place as Pagases.
He remained a prisoner and risked his life repeatedly by sneaking out at night to get food and medical supplies for other wounded prisoners.
The university was founded in 1971 by the Norwegian government.
According to tradition, he heard the voice of Jesus Christ while he was looking after his sheep.
He became the player coach of the Hull Stingrays of the EIHL in 2009. citation He is siblings with former NHL goaltender Dan Cloutier.
She finished in third in the 100 meter Butterfly race and third in the 4 x 100 Relay swimming race.
It has been closed since 1 August 2012 and will open its doors in March 2016, after a delay of nearly two years.
With characteristically bold steps Leakey created special, well-armed anti-poaching units that were authorized to shoot poachers on sight.
Then she worked with Mike Tirico and Kirk "Herbie" Herbstreit for ESPN College Football as lead sideline reporter.
In some companies, the people who are workers for the company elect (vote for) their company president.
AS-202 was the second unmanned test flight.
死亡是最令人害怕的事物，在整个青春期仍然是最令人害怕的事物。
This is now a rare use of the word.
Olmstead began his career with the Black Hawks in 1949.
Many movie theaters are being put out of business.
Fulk demanded her return to Anjou.
陳庭萱畢業於國立高雄餐旅大學，在華航貴賓廳實習期間，
Around Stratford the river is up to convert across, flowing through sand and pebble banks.
同時，儘管有額外的加班時間，但仍有超過96％的昌碩員工僅達到最低工資標準，遠低於上海的平均收入。
It weighs only convert.
之後幾次開課經費來自中華民國教育部的「
A five-round qualifying event was held at the Preston Guild Hall.
A total of 21 businesses and 440 homes were destroyed.
At that time Fortnite was not so popular at that time like now.
This meant it did not reach the standards of wind resistance planned by the designer.
In 2007, 3616 people lived there.
三人仍然以個人身份在演藝圈活躍中。
A rhyming moral tells the reader that politeness and gentle words are worth more than jewels.
、黄埔军校军事总顾问兼军事顾问团团长。7月8日给苏联政府发电报，要求立即援助孙中山政府急需的武器装备。
'in ölümüyle burası Harry'e miras kalmıştır.
This was even if the town was not the biggest city in the department.
Reol released the singles "Saisaki" and "Sairen" in July and August respectively before the announcement of her first studio album Jijitsujo (事実上).
Upon returning to Forks, Bella and Edward attend their school prom.
Gonzalo Eulogio Zárate (born 6 August 1984 in Rosario, Santa Fe) is an Argentine football player.
'ne kadrolu profesör olarak atanmış ve hayatının sonuna kadar orada hocalık yapmıştır.
Wood encouraged him in his conducting.
It is the first album to have Mark Hudson on vocals.
Tyler then became president.
Stewart Brand's book Whole Earth Discipline argues that urbanization helps the environment overall.
At the moment, a Scandinavian country is at the top of the list.
HECD became the first Korean construction company entered overseas market among through the winning order for Pattani Narathiwat highway project in Thailand in 1965.
This is the most popular type of halva in Israel.
In 2001, there were 1,011 people living in Bildeston.
加入世界貿易組織為俄羅斯既定的目標，在協商談判的過程中經歷葉爾欽、普丁、梅德維傑夫等執政時期，自1993年申請加入關稅及貿易總協定，至2011年12月16日WTO第八屆部長會議正式通過俄羅斯加入WTO，共歷時18年的入會談判，並在經過半年多的俄羅斯國內批准程序，WTO於2012年8月22日正式宣佈，俄羅斯成為其第156個會員國。
The Cowboys are often known as "America's Team."
No. 6, season 3. Aang and his friends from Earth Kingdom attack the Fire Nation capital during the solar eclipse, but the invasion failed because Azula knew about it.
The county was founded in 1836.
Bring me my chariot of fire!
，担任电工设备公司Gardy的总经理（生产断路器和开关柜），然后相继担任过上海施耐德工业控制公司总经理，意大利施耐德电气公司总经理，施耐德电气集团工业部主任。
Gavin Arvizo, the boy who Jackson held hands with in the movie, said that Jackson hebephilically molested him when he was 13 years old, after the documentary was on television.
Shopping malls and big stores often have a Santa Claus, who sits on a throne, while children tell him what they want for Christmas, and have their photos taken.
The Id is the impulsive, childlike portion of the psyche that operates on the "pleasure principle" and only takes into account what it wants and disregards all consequences.
A time when the Sikh Kingdoms did not like British, visiting their Land, Patiala, was the first to call the British, In his territory.
It has a small hard ball on the writing end that rolls the ink onto the paper.
Bölgede hatırı sayılır önemde altın, gümüş ve manganez yatakları vardır.
It is usually one line at the end of the story ("The moral of this story is.
He then took the letter back to Connecticut, where, suspicious of Arnold's actions, he delivered it to the head of the Connecticut militia.
She helped get the Third Succession Act in 1543 passed.
This comes from a section of the Constitution called the Equal Protection Clause.
After that, the U.S. congress made laws that said that drugs had to be tested on animals before they could be sold.
He married Mary McCarthy on 7 January 1930.
Sudo was born in Mikasa on April 2, 1956.
This might make the animal seem brittle, but they often do this as a defense to escape from predators.
This broad Safique was once arrested after the bomb blast of London for allegation of being associated with the terrorist.
It was released on October 1, 2012 by Deutsche Grammophon and Mercury Classics.
It opened in a separate building on the north side of The Pentagon in 2004. citation Each year, the Pentagon grounds hold the Marine Corps Marathon and the Army Ten-Miler running events.
Nataraja (Dancing form of Shiva), Rudra (Enraged form of Shiva), and Dhakshinamoorthy (Yoga form of Shiva).
这些设施一般被称为“隐蔽蜂窝站”或“秘密蜂窝站”。
。2003年，北京现代实现5万辆整车生产能力，跻身中国轿车十强企业。2004年，北京现代通过改造产能达到15万辆整车和15万台发动机的规模，跃升中国五大汽车企业 : 153 。2008年2月，北京现代第100万辆汽车下线。
Mannheim is now an important city because of its business power and culture.
With their five hole cards, the player with the best poker hand wins the round and the pot.
除基於集體談判的情況下可延長至每天12小時外，每周及每天的最高工時分別為48小時及10小時。
In most stories the hero has to succeed.
This could take many years.
At the centre, there is a dome.
Fidelio is an example of a “rescue opera”, a type of opera which was popular at the time.
High wedge jute sole with uppers of different materials like fabrics, leather etc. are used to make Fashion espadrilles which are also very popular among the women.
These people got the same rights and duties as married people.
The original design was not completed.
His appeal went before the Supreme Judicial Court of Maine on March 25, 1921 as State v. Mockus and his conviction was upheld.
石鲁之子乌古乃又合并了许多部落。
Israel Radio foreign languages network REKA.
In a male's territory, he makes or uses display platforms.
When James was 16, his father died.
The selection of land on which to grow the feedstocks is a critical component of the ability of biofuels to deliver sustainable solutions.
施泰滕（德语：Stetten）
由于缺少相关的政策支持，所以范中胜时期的卢氏县脱贫工作大多只能是单打独干，各部门也没有做好相应的统一协调，之前的多个县委书记受不了在穷山沟里的苦，因此一有机会就申请调走，鲜有作为。
王克勤曾因报道定州村民被袭事件、
、彼得罗扎沃茨克列宁区委第一书记等职 citation 。
）3月26日：營團地下鐵（現：東京地下鐵）
All 122 passengers and crew on board are killed.
He previously played for the Philadelphia Phillies from 2006 to 2015, and the Texas Rangers from 2015 to 2018.
"The Interpretation of Unusual Mensuration Signs in the Notation of the Ars subtilior".
Homeward Bound: The Incredible Journey was released on February 3, 1993 in North America.
It is a common game played on playgrounds.
Barlow also worked in the field of factorial codes.
These are called Spiritual Assemblies, but will one day be called Houses of Justice.
Scientific experiments and articles about ABA are published in the Journal for Applied Behavior Analysis (JABA.) This journal was founded in 1968.
The storm had maximum sustained winds of 50 mph (80 km/h) and began to move quickly northeastwards into colder water temperatures.
He has played for Sagawa Express Chugoku.
Things did not work, and this added to the tension felt by the band, and the people who worked for them.
It is in Trumpeldor Street, in the middle of the city.
Later people called these towns the county town.
He left the group and was replaced in 1986 by Tommy Zvoncheck.
He blew himself up trying to kill Sasuke.
Havayollarının 182 numaralı uçağı 23 Haziran 1985 tarihinde Sih Kanadalı militanlar tarafından düşürüldü.
This category lists things related to the 101 Dalmatians franchise.
Heat engines are often named after the thermodynamic cycle they use, like the Carnot cycle.
The capital is San José del Guaviare.
，總獎金為1.5萬美元 （英文） citation 。
This event causes the bankruptcy of the Mexican airline a few months later.
本线的列车采取“公交化”的运行模式；开通初期，本线每日最多开行37趟列车，包括深圳机场往返广州东站的33趟，和深圳机场往返新塘南站的4趟。
Modern combat boots are designed to provide a combination of grip, ankle stability, and foot protection suitable for a rugged environment.
It has won the Italian Volleyball League (four times), the Italian Cup, the Italian Super Cup, the CEV Champions League (three consecutive times) and the FIVB Men's Club World Volleyball Championship (a record four consecutive times).
尽管1990年的宪法大大增加了国家民主性质，批评者认为这个宪法始终无法充分代表社会的方方面面，尽管尼泊尔是一个不同的社会群体共存的多元文化的国家。
It is the main centre of population on the Marsh.
'nda bronz madalyanın sahibi oldu.
After independence, he played an important role in the integration of over 500 princely states into the Indian Union.
Where language difficulties occur with no other difficulties the child may be diagnosed with Specific Language Impairment.
Tarımla geçinen köydeki hayvan varlığı 4.811 keçi/koyun, 10 at, 80 inek ve 10 öküz olarak tespit edilmiştir.
He competed between the 1950s and the 1970s.
Taurine intake is generally less than 200 mg/day.
Consulates usually do not perform all of the functions of an embassy.
The first is freedom of speech and expression — everywhere in the world.
柳田國男調查日本全國各地方言稱呼蝸牛的方式後，發現蝸牛的方言如下表所示，
`nin Üst Kurul Üyeliğine seçilmiştir.
A point of the plane belongs to an algebraic curve if its coordinates satisfy a given polynomial equation.
槍機座尾部下方加厚，以防止短行程活塞運作導致槍機傾斜，
Yeniden atmosfere girerken sürtünmeden doğacak ısıyı daha geniş bir yüzeye dağıtmak ve inişi kolaylaştırmak amacıyla Komuta Modülü'nün alt tarafı daha geniştir.
It has the second largest port in Lebanon.
Lowari Top is a relatively low pass, by far the lowest pass to enter Chitral, the rest all being 12,000 to 15,000 feet.
The Hubble Deep Field, sometimes called the HDF, is an image of a small part of the night sky.
'ın girişimiyle Gençlerbirliği'ne transfer oldu.
Bank Asya, World Finance tarafından her yıl finans ve iş dünyasında performans gösteren başarılı kuruluşlara verilen ödüller kapsamında Türkiye’de 2011 yılının En İyi Ticari Bankası seçildi.
He left the group in 1933, and they worked with other actors.
A new heterodontosaurid dinosaur (Reptilia: Ornithischia) from the Upper Triassic Red Beds of Lesotho.
Within next 18 years, she saw many deaths: her uncle, her husband, and her two young sons.
He worked on it from 1534 to 1541.
Most of the time, people believe they were written or collected by the same person.
Piglets weigh from about 750 – 1000g when they are first born.
Larnaca is home to the country's primary airport, Larnaca International Airport.
之后，Nikos Engonopoulos 因其在绘画和诗歌中运用超现实主义原理而闻名于世。
Ve mutluyum" yazdı.
Manufacturing criteria require that shrinkage be limited to less than 1% (previously 2%).
Unfortunately, the non-lead products do not give such a good result as the the older, traditional varieties.
根據香港傳媒報道，長房獲分淺水灣道一號大宅及不少於 30億元現金；
While the man are playing in a lower class of Lower Austrias football the women team is very successful.
They usually consist of two asymmetrical sides with a split between them, which gives the group its name.
Mountford camped there in 1940 on his way to Uluṟu, and recorded the name as "Anneri".
Lo then began writing songs for herself.
和他同期的藝人分別有main，
The middle lamella gives the cell shape, support, and strength.
L. Monzali,Italians of Dalmatia p.69 In the following days the municipal Croatian authorities of Spalato were forced to submit a formal apology for the incident.
Havaalimanında doğu-batı doğrultulu iki pist bulunmaktadır.
Public services started on 16 May.
At this time, landowners were being paid not to farm by the Agricultural Adjustment Administration, but they were not all sharing the money with farmers.
Muller was born in Eltham.
平特斯維爾的座標為coord ，而該地的平均海拔高度為5米（即16英尺）。
After Colonel Shaw died, Edward Hallowell became a Colonel and started leading the 54th.
Carolingian minuscule was the direct and linear ancestor of blackletter.
課堂前鞠躬是向老師打招呼，而課堂後是表示感謝老師的教導及道別。
She became famous through her role as "Marianne" in the popular TV series Ramdam.
He also received the degree of Acarya from the Central Institute of Higher Tibetan Studies in Sarnath.
The following movies received multiple nominations.
Some of the buildings were pulled down to allow for the building of the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology, now Victoria University.
More police were sent to the area, and they were given better guns.
They tell personal stories and focus on individuals caught up in the movements of a nation's history.
They usually do not climb unless they are running from something.
The NEU Software Group Ltd. was founded in 1996.
The gameplay of Yoshi's New Island is similar to the previous two games in the Yoshi's Island series.
When a little selenium dioxide is added, the glass becomes colorless.
She plays for the Phoenix Mercury of the Women’s National Basketball Association.
Kapoor's off-screen life is the subject of widespread coverage in India.
在周之前，在春秋戰國文獻中，相傳另有一支稱為夏的氏族人群，
，充滿著反戰、反核武的意味，然而哥吉拉本身更是代表著大自然對人類的反撲。
Often the male is brightly coloured while the female is camouflaged.
The men did the hunting and building the homes, and the women cooked, made the clothes, and took care of the children.
The left kidney and the major part of the uterus had been removed.
He served as chief executive of the Radio Academy from April 2011 until June 2012.
This frog has been found 760 m above sea level in a valley called Ok Kam.
'nın Wienerwald batı kesimlerinde yer almaktadır.
郭际（1955年 － ），男，
It is available in analog and digital telephone systems.
，為了彌補石勒苏益格-荷尔斯泰因劃出部分轄區給漢堡的損失（也有說法指是希特勒為了報復呂貝克自由市禁止納粹黨在市內拉票 citation ），呂貝克自由市大部分被併入石勒苏益格-荷尔斯泰因。
Đồng Sỹ Nguyên is another spelling of his name.
At the club level, she plays for KCB.
In partial seizures, only a small part of the brain is involved in the seizure.
Huang Zongying (Zh; 13 July 1925 – 14 December 2020) was a Chinese actress and writer.
After three days of thirst, on the last day of the siege, Balbhadra refused to surrender.
，此后，复兴党退出了伊拉克的政治权力中心，
Thumb returned to New York.
As a fun pastime, it can be performed by almost anybody.
On 13 October 2016, Ennis-Hill announced her retirement from athletics.
But as it gets late in the day, he starts to worry about how he will get home.
They appeared over a period from about 1382 to 1395.
對於能推導出連續統假設的可建造公理，一直以來也有一些支持與反對的爭論。
There are several community projects associated with PCLinuxOS.
Carleton S. Coon invented the word in 1962.
The very first 737 MAX was delivered in 2017, 50 years after the first Boeing 737 took off.
', writer, journalist, author, and commentator.
整段話可以直譯為成：戰鬥前跳舞展現對上師的尊敬。
The extent of the impact is dependent upon the type, and duration of the stress, as well as the past experiences of the animal.
They delivered Kira's head to Asano's grave.
It gave them an offer to defeat the Covenant Loyalists.
Mercyful Fate'in askıda olmasından dolayı uzun süreler yalnızca King Diamond grubuyla ilgilenen King Diamond, geçirdiği üç yollu bypass ameliyatı yüzünden King Diamond'daki çalışmalarına da ara vermek zorunda kalmıştır.
Rather than have the Emperor provide the manpower for the crusade, the Pope called on the nobility of Europe directly.
They forced all non-Muslims to leave, change their religion to Islam, or be killed.
She played 19 games and scored 2 goals for Japan until 1991.
He won a 1923 Pulitzer Prize for his editorial "To an Anxious Friend," published July 27, 1922.
Despite winning what seemed like a lopsided battle, Lee lost men and equipment he could not afford to lose.
Tek parti döneminde Türkçülük ideolojisine yakın olan Atilhan 1946 yılından itibaren İslami düşüncenin en önemli iki fikir dergisi olan Sebilürreşad ve Büyük Doğu da yazılar yazdı.
It is the highest-grossing stop-motion film of all time.
Tigerheart and Dovepaw try to make friends, but can not as their duties keep them apart, except for the Gathering.
The third generation Enviro400 (known as the Enviro400 MMC) was launched in May 2014.
The bacteria group A beta-hemolytic streptococcus causes 15 to 30 percent of sore throats in children.
Without much prior knowledge on excavation, Schliemann had his crew dig a trench through the site, which resulted in the destruction of several of the upper layers.
Here, he won a silver medal.
Early on these "forward" contracts (agreements to buy now, pay and deliver later) were used as a way of getting products from producer to the consumer.
The Westlink M7 Motorway or Westlink M7 – formerly Western Sydney Orbital – is one of Sydney's urban motorways and a part of the Sydney Orbital Network.
Rail, telegraph and communication systems were all disrupted.
因為家附近地廣人稀，當時網絡也不發達，松岡童年有空會和朋友一起在郊外探險、抓獨角仙之類充滿自然感的生活 citation 。
Samuel Rivera (1946 – May 1, 2020) citation was an American politician and criminal.
The British annexed the then Assam into the Indian British Empire in 1826.
Spits are created by deposition of sand.
為了確保鈦main雜質夠少（或者想製造特定鈦合金，在此時就該刻意添加雜質），煉一次不夠可以再煉第二次、第三次，
Kum fırtınası terimi çoğunlukla çöldeki kum fırtınası bağlamında kullanılır ve özellikle Sahra'da görünürlüğü düşüren ince parçacıkların yanı sıra, önemli bir miktarda daha büyük kum parçacıklarının yüzeye yakın yerlerde uçurulduğunda kullanılr.
When Lanti died around 1980, there were nine left in the group.
FRSL (born 22 September 1931) is an English author, essayist and playwright.
中美教育基金网站涵盖了大量全面的关于美国研究、中美关系、以及中美高校学术交流等的相关资源。
Because of this, the Powhatan Confederacy killed all the Chesepians.
He has brighter patches of green on his forehead.
The population of Ireland is 4.6 million.
Mosallam was known for recreating scenes from daily life in his lost Palestinian home.
The modern village grew out of this destruction and added all the amenities of a modern community earlier than many other villages in the state.
It because we do not have a Great Chief on our villages.
He is fat and not very smart.
If a GFCI device trips and the fault is later fixed, then the user resets the GFCI device by pushing the reset button.
These are boats that travel from the shore to rescue people at sea, rather than lifeboats that are used for escaping from a ship.
The results were not known until December 12, 2000 due to the state of Florida being too close to the results.
He is known for his roles in; One Is a Lonely Number, Hot Pursuit, Jack Holborn, and in Guns of the Magnificent Seven.
Facebook Amerika'daki üniversitelerde hızla yayılırken, Saverin ve Zuckerberg arasında anlaşmazlıklar ve fikir ayrılıkları baş gösterdi.
最後，靠著天竺鼠們的表現，這個動物的部門就正式成為了FBI的機構，而團隊也增加了幾個新成員，包括了巴奇、食神和三隻小老鼠，而牠們都被授予了正式FBI探員的徽章。
Jews in Denmark were never forced to wear the Star of David.
Windows 7 was released to the public on October 22, 2009.
They stop to rest near the top of steep hill.
而司馬懿更加勤於職守，廢寢忘食，甚至喂馬之類的小事都親力親為，也終於使曹操安心。
When the day's work starts, the artist needs to work fast so there is usually another worker or assistant who mixes the plaster and helps the artist.
He received oxygen, recovered, and won the Tour.
The kind of M. cerebralis that can attack fish is called a "Triactinomyxon", and there is a picture of it on the right.
雪铁龙也被认为在比赛中测试了新套件，因为有人注意到在车上有一些轻微的修改。
The National is on Manege Square.
Copenhagen is divided into 10 districts.
Bölge Fransa'nın 87. en kalabalık yöresidir.
He brought the first medical services to Newfoundland and Northern Labrador.
The Wild Weasel logo.
There are a number of historical aboriginal sites including rock paintings.
He is a brown-and-white tabby, believed to have been born in January 2007.
He also stated that he thinks the name is cute.
於《復仇者聯盟：終局之戰》前期中，與驚奇隊長，索爾，浩克毀滅者等人向薩諾斯復仇時再次登場。
The arrondissement of Toul is most western of the southern part of the Meurthe-et-Moselle department.
能讲英语、华语、马来语等多种语言。
The opening is rarely played by expert players.
The Andes has a lot of wildlife.
The French revolution would have been impossible without the literature of Rousseau and Voltaire.
It became extinct in 1982.
The 1992 World Cup, held in Australia and New Zealand, introduced many changes to the game, such as coloured clothing, white balls, day/night matches, and an alteration to the fielding restrictions.
Both distilling (left) and receiving (right) flasks are round-bottom flasks.
University of Michigan, n.d. Web.
Alexander Fitzpatrick, a young policeman, went to the house on 15 April 1878.
Bir mobil cihazda kamera rulosu yedeklemesini etkinleştirmek için ek 15 GB sunuldu, bu bonus iptal edildiğinde Kasım 2015 tarihine kadar Google Drive'ın önüne koydu.
Wichita has not had passenger rail service since 1979.
這年9月，川默的打擊率更是高達4成16，期間他還達成連續18場比賽擊出安打的紀錄。
Viktoria Plzeň won 3–1 on aggregate.
He ruled from 1786 until his death.
He became a good session musician during the late 1920s and early 1930s.
As an event progresses toward the 'mythical' end of this line or continuum, the way people think, feel and say about the event changes.
They also communicate with their bodies.
Supporters of the NO campaign wanted Scotland to stay a part of the United Kingdom.
On 24 June 2009 he was sold for € 8.5 million from Borussia Mönchengladbach to Werder Bremen.
The museum's holdings included over 20 million items.
After the 1924 general election, he became health minister again, where he stayed until the Conservatives lost the 1929 general election.
The table below shows the top three best movers from each year.
She starred in over 100 movies and 60 stage productions during her near-60 year career.
生態區域是氾濫草地和稀樹草原。
，共造成1430人死亡，罹難者又以洞爺丸的1155人占大多數，
Devonport Airport is located at Pardoe Downs about 7 km to the east.
，上书朝廷请求把石鼓搬到太学府，但是没有被采纳，直到814年，
掃描隧道顯微鏡是第一個被發明的掃描探針顯微鏡〔1981年〕，这是一种用于在原子水平表面成像的仪器。
Some call his music Brit-pop (
The shopping center has a gross leasable area of 1.1 million square feet.
CAA football plays in Division I FCS (Football Championship Subdivision), the lower of two levels of NCAA Division I football.
然而，伯塞斯库却与众不同地对她们大加赞赏，认为全世界都应该理解她们，她们有权去做自己想做的事情。
These include blue-colored bullets that only hurt when the player is moving, or orange bullets that only hurt when staying still.
Ryuho Okawa started the religion on October 6th, 1986.
在英軍與藏軍在則里拉山口發生數次小衝突之後，西藏交出了圖多南嘉。
，便同意了請求，他聯合王室和齊國送夷吾回國即位，是為晉惠公。
Gas heaters with pilot flames are one of the most famous examples for the use of thermocouples.
Bu, Broca'nın akıcı olmama ile karakterize edilen afazisinden farklıdır.
On May 21, 1856, pro-slavery people came to Lawrence, and they attacked the city.
The process of passing down stories through word of mouth as the only source leads to inevitable change to the truth in the story through the different cultural influences of those telling the story.
He has red cornrows.
Kısa bir süre sonra CHP'den tekrar ayrıldı ve DSP'ye döndü.
After the last semi-final round on 8 December, Sylvia became the first female finalist on Singapore Idol.
This category contains pages with chemical infoboxes ( chembox & drugbox ) which have not been verified, or which have not been tagged by as having a verified revid available.
It was founded by college students from Carleton College in 1971.
Most of the time, the person is either not getting the attention they want or they are going through problems and want to control someone else.
Erin competed in Miss Connecticut USA 2012, where she finished second.
Boone was the hero of the battle, but other leaders had not listened to his warnings that it was a trap.
Concord was founded in 1869.
Some secrets are good.
观海卫城墙原呈正方形，城周四里二百七十四步（约2358.4米），始建时高二丈，后增建至二丈四尺（约7.68米），厚三丈（约9.6米），初设东、南两座城门，后增至东西南北四座城门，分别为东门司晨门（后改迎曦门）、西门振武门，南门来薰门，北门拱宿门，南北两门相对，东西两门相错，门外均设瓮城与吊桥。
Different variations on all of British English exist from the manner in which words are pronounced to the manner in which they are spelt.
They can fly at speeds over 15 m/s (54 km/h, 34 mi/h).
The MBTA uses many different forms of public transportation to connect most of the parts of Massachusetts.
当地数周前刚刚经受飓风伊万的摧残，马修强度虽弱，但引起的海滩侵蚀程度还是比预期更为严重。
Aérospatiale and Deutsche Airbus each owned 36.5% of the company, Hawker Siddeley owned 20% and Fokker-VFW owned 7%.
These often had common calculations directly expressed as special scales, for example loan calculations, optimal purchase quantities, or particular engineering equations.
He was reported as wanting no further role in politics.
Ulusal ağ oluşturan ülkeler Birliğin yönetim organı olan Uluslararası Koordinasyon Komitesinde temsil edilir.
Beldenin 2020 yılından önceki adı Savköy idi.
I never ease into a role – every part I play is just a variant of my own personality.
Rubinsztein-Dunlop was appointed Professor of physics in 2000.
最初只是對她抱著『不能放著不管』的感覺，但漸漸對她產生愛意，在文化祭一事後意識到這一點，直至表白。
Japan's international relations: politics, economics and security.
It was made in about 1670.
》更是形容校園被不知名黑衣蒙面示威者「接管」，陷入「無政府狀態」，不見任何職員及保安 citation 。
The President is also the Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces of Turkmenistan and the Chairman of the country's Cabinet of Ministers.
She published five works that she wrote herself.
Birecik coğrafi konumu nedeniyle turistlerin çok fazla ilgisini çeken bir ilçe olmamasına rağmen tarihi dokusu ve doğal yaşamı sayesinde özellikle kültür gezilerini tercih eden turistlerin ilgisini çekmektedir.
When he returned to Germany, he joined the civil service.
Conscription was for male citizens between the ages of 18 and 26. If they were selected, they had to serve in the NPA for 18 months.
Kanada'da Indian («Kızılderili») adı "aşağılayıcı" (pejorative) bulunduğu için resmî olarak fazla kullanılmaz.
His life was devoted to spiritual and religious teachings, mostly in the form of prayers and supplications.
Gingerbread sürümün önemli özellikleri şunlardır.
张静如沮丧地回答，“过去的就已经过去了，都只是曾经了”。
The foreign policy doctrine established by Paasikivi and Kekkonen, The "Paasikivi-Kekkonen line", aimed at Finland's survival as an independent sovereign, democratic, and capitalist country in the immediate proximity of the Soviet Union.
最後公試常態排水量由初期計劃的62,000噸上升到68,000噸，使得變更船腹位置一舉變得毫無意義，海軍技術大佐main即批評稱其為「多此一舉」cfn。
Between September 29 and 30, the Nazis killed 33,771 Jewish people at Babi Yar.
Each picture was like looking onto a stage where real people told the story.
Marie must admit to Tonio that she can marry only a soldier of the 21st.
Also, there is a small group that is so different from other Rosaceae, that it is now given its own name.
However, in summer 2006 he was made the head coach of Neftchi Baku.
Vygotsky went against the leading scientists of his time by suggesting that scientific psychology should not ignore the role of consciousness.
Why we get sick: the new science of Darwinian medicine.
Cenker's last two years with RCA Astro-Electronics and it's successor GE Astro Space were spent as Manager of Payload Accommodations on an EOS spacecraft program.
It was a sequel to Mario Superstar Baseball.
This was part of the Walt Disney Gold Classic Collection line. citation A 25th anniversary special edition DVD was released on October 10, 2006.
Photos by Nancy Hollander, Tom Malear of the Chicago Film Coop, Todd Gitlin & Les Jordan, SCEF.
黄兴，男，北京市人，大学毕业。
His leadership style was unpopular with many members of the Labor Party. members of parliament felt that they were not able to take part in making important decisions.
Tomáš Vaverka, who competed at the 2014 Winter Paralympics in snowboarding, was selected to compete in para-alpine skiing.
A year after his Cliburn Competition victory, in 1967, Lupu won the first prize in the George Enescu International Piano Competition.
They were delivered in 1961–1962.
Advancing forty or sixty kilometers by blatant military aggression and offering to withdraw twenty kilometers provided both sides do this is a deceptive device which can fool nobody."
However he could not play many matches for injuries.
It is on the northwest coast of Kupreanof Island.
Jean-Pierre Filiu, "Local and global jihad: Al-Qa'ida in the Islamic Maghrib", The Middle East Journal, Vol.63, spring 2009.
It is important to create an environment, where it is safe and fun for children to learn.
It was shown in November 1987 during the London Film Festival citation and came out in the United Kingdom on 24 February 1989. citation In France, the movie was shown on 9 April 1987 at the Cognac Festival du Film Policier.
He represented the Island Bay electorate from 1969 to 1978.
An assistant coroner stated he did not believe that Naylor had meant to end her life.
Vertical synchronization, or VSync, is one popular way.
Bubble" bubble bath, "Glass Wax" glass cleaner and "Snowy Bleach."
From the top and from the bottom, the stripes alternate black and royal blue.
Bu başarı, Netaş’ın ArGe yeteneğinin bir sonucuydu.
What proof is required for aboriginal title to be recognised depends on the country's laws that govern the doctrine.
Several people are in the painting, and we know who they are.
Most English keyboards have the keys lined up in a "
Making a water reservoir in Yazd, which has 4000 cubic meter capacity and provides clean and safe water for people is another one of Giv's charity works.
The movie was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy.
The spotter is telling the driver to put the vehicle in reverse gear and slowly back up keeping the wheels pointed where they were.
As not many families were left in the big desert, there were almost no eligible partners for the younger men and women.
The game also had a lower difficulty as a response to complaints about the first game's difficulty.
Ankara Üniversitesi Eğitim Bilimleri Fakültesi Dergisi, 46(1), 1-22.
Their milk can be drunk and turned into cheese and yoghurt.
Her last appearance in EastEnders was on 20 July 2018, when Donna was seen leaving in the back of a black cab.
Most of Kakadu was under a shallow sea about 140 million years ago, with the escarpment wall formed from sea cliffs and Arnhem Land from a flat plateau above the sea.
Garon was born in Saint-Michel, Quebec.
Jumbo could look out the open end and swing his trunk.
Elisabeth Charlotte died at the age of seventy on 8 December 1722 at Saint-Cloud.
‘Allah’ is a title for All-Mighty Allah.
Because Triple H rejected the proposal, Bischoff booked a match between Michaels and Benoit for the main event.
There were far more Catholics than Protestants in the country (15 Catholics for every 1 Protestant).
He also holds an M.Sc. in Hydrobiology/Fisheries biology, and a Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) in Zoology from the University of Port Harcourt.
When a priest who witnessed Dev and Radhika's "wedding" comes to Radhika's home and tells her parents that Radhika is married, Radhika tries to tell Dev this but is unable to meet him again.
》，這個影集讓HBO在美國付費有線電視的地位開始更加提高。
Many health problems are associated with obesity.
Anthony Melchior Frank (born May 21, 1931) citation Marquis Who's Who on the Web was an American banker.
期间他参与建立了多伦多大学电子计算机（UTEC）——全球最早的工作计算机之一。
；雅努什·科扎克的父亲和外祖父母的墓地位于华沙Okopowa大街犹太公墓。
His father Evgeny Gusev and mother Rosalind Maltseva were engineers.
From January 1994 until January 2006 he served as Mayor of Pittsburgh.
They have many Billboard awards.
唐獻祖宣皇帝，张氏为宣獻皇后。
Mappila is an honorific applied to members of non-Indian faiths and descendants of immigrants from the middle east who had intermarried with the local population, including Muslims (Jonaka Mappila) and Jews (Yuda Mappila).
Bu, Nokia Corporation'ın yalnızca iletişim odaklı olmasına izin verdi.
释巨赞（1908年－1984年），俗姓潘，名楚桐，字琴朴，男，中国佛学家，中国“现代新佛学”奠基人之一。
However, the marriage was often unhappy.
Two was forecast to become a tropical storm, but two didn't.
大格特魯德曾與聖米歇爾德一起研究「婚禮神秘主義」（nuptial mysticism），她看自己為基督的新婦，將自己的心靈與耶穌的聖心作一個深切的聯合，讓基督帶領她進入三位一體的生活。 citation 她一直追求了解基督的愛是最高的和最根本的事實，並努力按照它生活。
Feminism began in the 18th century with the Enlightenment.
若有不守，非但失一郡，則荊州非吳有也。
The 12 cabinet members were equally divided between the Commons and Lords.
It later came under the Jönköping County Council.
However, the rubber boom only lasted about forty years, ending by 1913.
The troops fired 1,650 times.
Reklam yaparken daha iyi para kazanıyorum.
A fast bowler uses simple speed to defeat a batsman.
If you cut off one hydra head, two more would grow back in its place.
Flea bites are usually red bumps and they itch.
's last movie Assassins et voleursSUBST (1957).
There is a 15 week program that focuses mainly on English.
Apemantus: "Thy mother's of my generation.
This changes with different materials.
Adarsh started his career at the age of 15 as a reporter for Trade Guide, a weekly box-office magazine.
Ice, which can be miles thick, grinds the surface of the rock below it.
In later decades, the recording industry concentrated more on album sales and musicians eventually released more full-length albums than singles, and by the 1990s many record companies stopped releasing singles (see Album Cuts, below).
A GPS survey made in 2008 produced the same result.
Also the bridge itself could be more lightweight.
Smith said markets should be free.
In 274, Aurelian was Roman consul for the second time.
The large table gives Modified Mercalli scale intensities that are typically observed at locations near the epicenter of the earthquake.
Gansus was discovered in the form of a single fossil foot in 1981.
》：第一季新增武器，預設型號為G36，命名為「Holger-26」
He was married to Estelle Rosenbaum from 1933 until his death in 1989.
In its first issue there was a very controversial article from the author about El informe Matrix (The Matrix Report).
Stress may also lead to adaptations, which allow certain organisms to better deal with the stressors.
Sometimes, a professional hairdresser would style the woman's hair.
Yağlamanın gayesi deriyi yumuşatmak ve su geçirgenliğini azaltmak içindir.
The author gives a true view of the American army, their broken supply and some poor leadership skills.
Şarkısının video klibini albümü yayınlamadan önce kliplendiren ve dijital platformda satışa sunan sanatçı bu şarkıyla listelerde bir numaraya çıkmayı başardı.
They are all multiple unit trains.
Carroll died aged 80 on 13 April 2015 from a short-illness.
Land was eroded by air and water and deposited as layers in the sea; heat then consolidated the sediment into stone, and uplifted it into new lands.
She studied foreign languages very much.
He and his friends formed a band titled "Fire Frenzy".
Maigret romanları tüm belli başlı dillere çevrildi ve birçoğu filme uyarlandı.
Likewise, unless clean energy supplies come online rapidly, slowing demand growth will only begin to reduce total emissions; reducing the carbon content of energy sources is also needed.
The number you get back is called a "value".
Hamilton, Ford, Seward, and Hodgeman counties became bigger, and Finney County was created.
王動帶著當然他們一起賺的錢逃離回到富貴山莊後和赤煉蛇、催命符一起追到富貴山莊想把錢討回來，又為了錢設局殺了其他兩人，後被郭大路等人的友情感動，重新瞭解情感這回事而與王動重修舊好。
Its transmitter is located at Light TV Transmitter Tower, Sumulong Highway, Barangay San Roque, Antipolo City, Rizal.
Later, higher forms of the Builders Club (known as the Turbo Builders Club and the Outrageous Builders Club) were started in 2009.
That theory has developed concepts to compare different methods of solving a problem to one another.
Milli Folklor Araştırmaları Enstitüsü'nün kuruluşunda yoğun çabaları oldu.
It was designed by Kari Mannerla.
Thus the term connotes more than any well-informed and earnest person accepting it ever included in it; that is, the word carries with it associations of immorality, which have been repudiated by the Atheist as seriously as by the Christian.
Bolívar caddesinde başlayan bulvar doğudan batıya uzanan hattında Hipólito Yrigoyen caddesi ve Rivadavia bulvarıyla kesişir.
The wordings are as beautiful as the sound the soul hears, because the soul listens to the music and not the ears necessarily.
RAID 2 is the only RAID level that can repair errors, the other RAID levels can only detect them.
The match, often called the "black ball final", is the best-known match in the history of the sport.
She got her parents to take her to the children's agency Young'uns.
截止2019年1月1日，皮纳泰勒地区讷萨格境内共有全科医生2名、牙医1名和护士7名。
The song was released on April 15, 1997 in the United States.
This flooded some streets.
New York: Delacorte Press Efran, Shawn (producer), "Army Officer Recalls Hunt For Bin Laden", 60 Minutes, CBS News, 5 October 2008.
，并收录于盖瑞斯的迷你专辑《main》。
It is owned by Diageo after it was purchased when the Seagram portfolio was dissolved in 2000.
An internet leak is when someone's personal property is given away to the public on the Internet.
There was another drummer in Red Bank who was better, called Sonny Greer, so Basie stopped playing drums and just played piano.
Bede wrote many scientific, historical and theological works in his time.
I'm sure he's a great guy.
It is a giant bass with three strings.
For Pascal, the first of these options is the most important one because it represents the maximum gain and loss.
Each pod holds 10 people.
），并筑子城（内城），标志着宁波建城之始。
“中国青年交响乐团”参加演奏。
Someone is who part of the proletariat class is called a proletarian.
A successful album, it went to number six in the UK.
The toys were first called "My Pretty Pony," but Hasbro changed the name.
聖保羅的座標為coord ，而該地的平均海拔高度為174米（即571英尺）。
It was written and directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz.
A red-green color blind person may be unable to see the difference between colors on a map printed on paper.
The Soviet army was really in very low spirits or "morale" because they were unable to control the people and were treated only as invaders everywhere they went.
經過3個多月的施工建成，共佔地3000多畝，修建工程包括：正跑道長1800公尺，寬60公尺，厚0.
The song hit top forty worldwide and was certified platinum for the United States and Australia.
The last program he worked in was called Cidade Alerta (Alert City) and was presented on RecordTV.
Throughout the day on October 9, Meade waited on news of Lee's movement.
The first Clause of Section Three provides that each state is entitled to have two Senators.
The tenth millennium is the millennium that will start on January 1, 9001 and will end on December 31, 10,000.
The book is about the Tore Tønne case.
These views allow people to see more and further away in images.
In Group 3, the host nation (
For example, if a speeding ticket violation occurred, it automatically goes to the county seat in which the violation occurs whether it is in a municipality or unincorporated.
In the 2013 census, about 149,000 people, (3.7% of the population) said that they could have a conversation in Māori about a lot of everyday things.
Mikao Usui, Japanese spiritual figure (d.
Mali'de Dayanışma İttifakı'nın lideri olarak Nisan 2011-Mart 2012 arasında Mali dışişleri bakanı olarak görev yaptı.
'nde "Turkcell İlk Film Ödülü"ne aday olarak gösterildi ancak ödül alamadı.
TV music specials such as Doo Wop 50 and 51, Rock Rhythm and Doo Wop, and Soul Spectacular: 40 years of R&B, among others.
GacktJob is Gackt's live support band.
Even century-old floors have generally proven need little more than minor repairs and refinishing to return them to their original beauty.
If you are accepted, you are in veterinary school for 4 years, and then graduate with the degree Doctor of Veterinary Medicine.
Prince Escalus, the ruler of the city, tells the families to stop fighting or they will be punished.
中心共设1200个座位，其中500个座位配有计算机。
He was known as a music educator and for his activism for music education of children.
Copper and gold are colored.
In 1967, after returning to England, the Bee Gees released their first charting album Bee Gees' 1st.
闰八月乙酉日，与祖大弼麾下侦察兵十五人遭遇，图鲁什单骑迎击，两军交战，图鲁什腹部中箭，仍力战不已，斩二人，俘十三人 。
He starts a building program featuring the Dong Duong Style of Cham art.
The 'C' was a reference to Peter Sauber's wife, Christine.
He played 35 matches for the All Blacks, including 14 internationals.
Nonverbal communication in human interaction.
七月，封弘農縣開國男，食邑三百戶。
During World War I Austria conquered Serbia but lost the bigger war.
该堂建于1774-1775年，在1974年10月1日宣布废弃 citation ，2010年5月恢复使用 citation 。
He retired end of the 2011 season.
，数以千计的抗议者占领了州长办公室。
Hereward made the Isle his base for his rebellion against the Normans.
The same scientist found that ketamine might also be useful for treating heroin addiction.
In 2007, the Wheelers and John Singleton sold a 75% stake in the company to BBC Worldwide, worth a guess of £63 million at the time.
There was a real estate development boom between 1890 and 1910 as the Capitol Hill area became one of the first neighborhoods having these modern conveniences.
Much of this may be explained by pleiotropism.
The jail box is where the pieces are placed at the beginning of the match and is where they go whenever an opponent "captures" them.
莉芳無奈坦白假結婚的過去，並就替人申請單程證一事面對充滿悔恨的質疑，最終她說服到Edward是為了結婚才做那麼多事。
Gager (1992) p. 15 Not all curse tablets were made with lead.
Italy officially granted autonomy to the region around Tripoli after the war, but gradually occupied the region called "Tripolitania" by the Italians.
People like reading her books because they can try to find the answer, too.
The largest is the Bribri and Boruca tribes in south Costa Rica.
……」 在熔炉中铸铁将先融化，「渗淋入」熟铁中；一旦融合，这半成品将进行重复多次被取出熔炉锻造、加热、并捶打等一系列过程。
于是找了一家小餐馆，但他们的酒杯还没举起来，就从窗户看到外面的山羊已经燃起了熊熊火光。 citation 2005年12月的3，4日，对圣诞羊来说，是最暴力的一个周末。
She loves to hang with friends and says, she could not be happier.
家久率兵迎擊，在亂戰中雙方死傷4000人，長宗我部信親及十河存保戰死。
Listelerde S-derecesinde bir suçlu olarak gözükmektedir.
California State University.
She is a young girl in the show.
HD 51210，又名CP-59 716，SAO 234764、HR 2592，是一颗恒星 ，视星等为6.
He was able to travel outside of Washington 49 days later.
They can be found in many places.
The release of I'll Do Anything was in February 1994.
Trying to know ahead of time which teams will win may include looking at the standard deviations of the various team "statistics."
It is a complex carbohydrate that is made from many glucose molecules.
There are many stories about why this symbol is used to mean money.
Asma köprüler geniş açıklıkların aşılmasını sağlayabilirler; ama ciddi bir sakıncaları vardır.
However, when the Shi'ites, Kurds, and dissidents did rise up against Saddam, the United States did not support them.
Tom is also being watched by a private security team led by an American named Benjamin, played by Paterson Joseph.
He changed that girl into the person with all the power.
D'Andraia was the first New York City police officer charged with a crime because of things he did during the George Floyd protests.
On November 24, 2006, Howard gave birth to Sabu Howard.
TLC还可用于少量如100毫克左右的化合物的分离，此时混合物样品不是“点”在板上，而是涂抹在TLC板上且高于洗脱剂液面上的位置，形成一条水平的样品带。
'ın oğlu olarak 1536/37 yılında İstanbul'da doğdu.
She wrote many kinds of writing.
The prefecture includes 90 islands.
The upper row depicts stories from the New Testament which match the depictions of the Old Testament in the middle row.
Until 1984, neither side had troops there.
But the name most used is Monte Cristi.
The Lindbergh's first child, Charles Augustus Lindbergh, Jr., was born on June 22, 1930.
Ski poles have been used for a long time.
另外在整个赛季中，太空人队队员手套上都贴上了STS-107任务的贴布绣，他们也将阳棚广告替换为STS-107任务标志。
The "B" stands for base, the "C" stands for collector, and the "E" stands for emitter.
He drinks to the health of Brünnhilde.
專家 谁？ 指當金鑄在銅器時，可防止銹蝕，銀則有助提高澆鑄液的流動性。
After taking the case to the Supreme Court, Geo was re-awarded the sole and exclusive rights to host the tournament.
David Crouch, The Normans; The History of a Dynasty (London; New York: Hambledon Continuum, 2007), pp. 53-54 William became the Duke of Normandy when his father died in 1035.
The group consist of Dave Haywood, Hillary Scott and Charles Kelsey.
Mathematical note: In this section the abstract index notation will be used.
His career has lasted over more than six decades.
，之后欧美各国剧院纷纷采用有线电话的方式传送演出实况。
A vesicle is a bubble of liquid within a cell.
His career started in 1958.
For two years her husband knew nothing about her love affair.
是名身材纖弱而只穿著丁字褲的男人。
Many species form stable pair bonds, but still mate with other individuals outside the pair.
在世纪中叶，作家查理斯·吉尔顿 Charles Gildon 和哲学家凯姆斯爵士 Lord Kames 辩称戏剧是一部失败的作品，因为它没有遵循经典规则：悲剧中的主人公必须存在人物瑕疵，而不是命运中的意外。
However, one can choose not to donate.
She is a Member of the Swiss Federal Council since 2019.
The executives did not want to start over.
Males have an orange/yellow beard and an unmistakable bright red and blue snout and rump.
Their children were either illegitimate "natives" and lost legal rights.
，是《SD鋼彈世代》首部作品。
It is also in charge of maintaining the K.P.K Menon Memorial Playground and the badminton court nearby which has been allotted to the sole use of the residents of the locality.
This encouraged more people to move to the city and build.
Garroway took Today to various locations as its host: Paris in 1959 and Rome in 1960; car shows and technology expos; plays and movies; and aboard an Air Force B-52 for a practice bombing run.
Some places require write-in candidates be registered as official candidates before the election.
However, the exact layout is not known.
They owned a store in Brooklyn.
He was chairman of the Japan Bibliophile Society.
Today, this area attracts all those who seek a quiet place to rest and relax.
Much of the coal came from this bark.
She is keeper of Brahmaastra.
The Walcott-Rust quarry is near Russia, New York.
This is because during the dry season the rivers shrink a bit and the sandy river banks are available for nesting.
Fakat Danilo bunu yalanlar.
Styles include Boudoir, engagement, High School Senior, newborn and family portraits.
That is one of many jobs he has.
They do not use intervals where the racers are started at different times.
With all these corals gathered together building skeletons around themselves, large coral formations are made.
"A Manic Depressive Named Laughing Boy" is available only on the vinyl editions released by Up in 1996 and Glacial Pace in 2014.
The college is located at the former Green College campus in North Oxford.
The hurricane caused almost $6 billion in damage and it killed 604 people.
On 9 March 2020, the first two cases in the country were reported in Burkina Faso.
He hosted from 1991 to his death on June 13, 2008.
Bab Paul's wife Anna Babu Paul (Nirmala) died in 2000.
The eggs hatch about 15–20 days after being laid.
），字仲居，号讷庵，山東萊州府平度州濰縣人，軍籍，
He was married to Jane Jordan Rogers until his death in 2013.
He was well known as a critic of racial and cultural biases in IQ testing.
The main part of the town was centred on Nelson Place.
It is the oldest and most important of all the international events organised by the FIVB and must not be confused with the World Cup, World Grand Champions Cup, or the World League/World Grand Prix.
All games with two teams will be Blue and Yellow.
A person needs to learn that they are reinforcing.
This list of sequenced animal genomes contains animal species for which complete genome sequences have been assembled, annotated and published.
The lower row on the left wing shows: St. Fabian, apostles Bartholomew, Thomas, Simon, Matthew, Andrew and Peter.
The Solar System also contains other things.
然而，由於租用的24軌錄音設備發生問題，錄製好的多首歌曲母帶充斥大量雜音且無法修復，造成超過50萬美元的錄音損失；她於2001年5月向聯邦法院提起訴訟，控告Zomba Recording公司及旗下Dreamhire分公司，求償20萬美元。
In 2006 the population was 137.
You can see him every Saturday evening at 8.00 pm and you can take the music with you and listen to it at home.
When he was an old man, Padraic did not live in one place.
The National September 11 Memorial & Museum.
The teaching was centered on lip reading and the use of a hand alphabet.
Perfumo died at 73 from a skull injury after falling from a stairway in Buenos Aires on 10 March 2016.
Pushing the handle down will separate the ground coffee (B) from the water (C).
Yayınlandıktan sonra, oyun hem sezonluk hem de bağımsız sürümler olarak indirilebilir içerikle genişletildi.
“五周年全员答谢粉丝公演”的收官阶段，由当年总选排名第一的李艺彤领衔SNH48全员演唱了改编版的《送别》——《砥砺前行》。
Effects of hash and weed cause the following effects depending on how much is consumed.
江彬輩又從詔，以三月壬子駕出。
He was known for his novel trilogy Hilmar Iversens ensomhet (1992), Et vennskap (1997) and Resignasjon og portvin (2002).
Like in many suburban cities, the population and urbanisation has increased much since the origins of the town.
In 2001 there were 4,014 people living in Kemsing.
White Stilton is the same cheese but has not had the Penicillium roqueforti mould introduced into it.
Besides these standard attacks, you can perform a variety of special attacks.
，另車廂內加裝佔用兩個乘客座位空間的手提行李架 ，故該等小巴的載客量僅為17座，內籠有別於坊間同款小巴的19座配置，但該批小巴的車身則沿用19座小巴的款式。
，和以質子壽命無限為前提假設，
In March 2006, Windows Mobile 6.0 by Microsoft can be released by schedule on February 12, 2007.
A splash of water was usually employed to wake the man if unconscious, then he was laid down on the table.
He and some crew members also visited France to get some new ideas.
It will die out if the forests of bamboo continue to disappear.
When walking, the playing character can walk, run, and perform many attacks: a normal kick, a jumping kick, and a smashing move.
Thin antennae are called filiform antennae, and antennae that are wide on the end are called clavate antennae.
However, he struck back at Bruges.
Shibata was named the 2012 "Asian Young Footballer of the Year".
Fransa ziyareti sırasında bazı eserleri Azerbaycan'da Fransız Büyükelçiliği sergisinde sergilenmiştir.
雖然政治方面的干擾不再，但是最上級的技術問題依舊無解，因此後續兩艦（鈴谷、熊野）為了合理化設計而實施艦型修正；艦寬縮減為20.2公尺、標準排水量放寬到11,200噸、極速則略減至35節 Lacroix, Japanese Cruisers, p. 439-442 。
Both dieldrin and aldrin are named after the Diels-Alder reaction which is used to form aldrin from a mixture of norbornadiene and hexachlorocyclopentadiene.
更新接觸網期間，部分週末列車停駛 (2009年5月-10月有五個週末，2010年5月一個週末，2010年8月到11月亦有五個)，停駛期間車輛在加里站折返。 citation 2011年5月至8月有十個週末需停駛列車。
为了逃避起诉，斯卡帕同意作为卧底线人为联邦调查局工作，由此展开了30年的合作关系。
There are many different molecular structures.
There were 黃帝 Huáng Dì, known in English as the Yellow Emperor, 堯 Yáo, 舜 Shùn, and 禹 Yǚ, who all came before what is called the first dynasty, the 夏 Xià.
Deva has composed music for many movies within a very short period.
He has also worked under the ring name Tiger Raj Singh.
They are soft and comfortable, and keep the user warm at night.
He is the pilot of Evangelion Unit 01.
Amacına ulaştıktan sonra, Abdulmejid dört şefin Osmanlı İmparatorluğu'nda kalmasını istedi ve onlara toprak hediye etti.
林濁水等人質疑，當時週邊土地並未有人出售，難以證明低於市價。
Dhanens (1980), 215 Smith (2004), 225 Many people believe the painting to be one of van Eyck's best, with some calling it a "masterpiece of masterpieces".
Unlike Series 60 and UIQ, which are other platforms based on Symbian, MOAP(S) is not an open development platform.
The US lost just 10 U.S. aircraft and 12 airmen.
Sanatçının ilk yasal albümü olan Rünya, 16 Mart 2015 tarihinde tüm müzik marketlerinde ve digital platformlarda dinleyicilerle buluştu.
İlde en yüksek rakımlı mevki Erzgebirge Daglari üzerinde bulunan 1,244 m rakımlı Klinovec Dağı'dır ve en düşük rakımlı noktası 320m rakımlı Karlovy Vary ilçesinde Almanya sınırındadır.
The music of the opera is excellent all the way through.
In December 2016, the Israel Philharmonic announced that Mehta is to retire from his permanent position as music director in October 2019.
Pointing to an item on the screen means moving your mouse so the pointer appears to be touching the item.
On the importance of being emergent.
，婚禮儀式完全依照大馬傳統習俗完成。
In April 2011, Ding won the Chinese Championship for a second time.
In 1131, on the death of Baldwin II of Jerusalem, Fulk was crowned king.
George died on 28 October 1708.
'te 5 Ocak 2017'de 98 yaşında ölmüştür.
It also conducts research on road design and traffic regulations, and has been involved in promoting policy decisions.
The practice of growing silkworms for silk production is called sericulture.
's "A Lie", the third single from his second album Jungle Rules.
Three music videos for the single were released alongside it.
The strength required to release the neurotransmitter is called a threshold.
She was born July 24, 1969.
Online calculators are available to calculate color codes.
It was led by the Boxers, a group of Chinese citizens who disliked the vast amount of foreign influence that existed in China.
By 1938, Ross believed the Bruins needed an overhaul, and as part of it asked Clapper to move back to defence.
He died before 762.
In 1947-8 India and Pakistan fought their first war over Jammu and Kashmir.
Skaletska graduated from the National University of Kyiv-Mohyla Academy (2002).
The leader of Ocenia is Big Brother.
In an actual game there would be score sheets and a chess clock on the table.
His techniques are widely imitated by knappers.
Repeating a scientific experiment very often gives a number of results.
The German courtly love songs that had been written at the time were all very similar, but Walther gave these songs new life and made them very beautiful.
Smoking any drugs/plants such as marijuana, hashish, or tobacco is bad for the lungs.
The gustatory cortex is responsible for the perception of taste.
Lindana adıyla 80'li yılların şarkıcısıdır, fakat sonradan unutulmuştur.
The first two books are have been made into graphic novels.
The inner city may look little different from the surrounding area of buildings and lights.
"Karabinerhaken", which means "
This was a 35% decrease from the first round of exports in 2010.
The only known photo of the entire Marx family, c. 1915.
After these changes, the program was renamed The Lucy-Desi Comedy Hour.
She was with the Communards who made their last stand in the cemetery of Montmartre, and was closely allied with Théophile Ferré, who was executed in November 1871.
Nüfusuna göre Terme'nin en küçük Beldesidir.
Bunun sonucunda Silent Spring çevresel endişeleri Amerikan halkının benzeri görülmemiş bir paya getiren adlı kitap oldu.
同時派黎峻、阮文祥出使西貢，向法屬交趾支那總督府提出交涉。
Bizce bunun çok iyi bir nedeni de var çünkü bunların birbirleriyle zaten ilgisi yoktur.
An organ was elected to represent the people of Northern Germany, the konstituierender Reichstag.
Awesome as Fuck was released on March 22, 2011.
It was proven to be Till's body.
Emma had come out in print (without saying who the writer was) in the March 1816 issue of the Quarterly Review.
The city is served by the Lancaster Airport, located six miles (10 km) north of downtown and just south of Lititz.
Later, if he gets into the target organization, he or she becomes active.
He thinks about all that happened.
It was published in her Poetry for Children in 1823.
黎耀祥出席其著作《戲劇浮生：黎耀祥論演技與人生》新書分享會暨簽名會（2010年1月）
，在試閘中被發現心律不正，故此練馬師和馬主決定安排牠放草半年，該馬季沒有再出賽。
The team wasn't very good in the beginning, but they became a powerful team.
It was also sold in the United States as the Pontiac GTO and in England as the Vauxhall Monaro.
Once Djinn got, player can decide which character get it.
事物的普遍联系和事物的相对独立存在是互为前提的。
The Commonwealth Parliament keeps the power to overturn territorial legislation and to give or take powers.
，一年有五天或六天不屬於任何一個月。
There is one railroad line with six stations in Rikuzentakata.
The function of the system is a little unclear, but it has something to do with reinforcing the pair's bond.
The route passes through areas of trees and fields in the north part of New Castle County.
It probably survived in the Egyptian countryside as a spoken language for several centuries after that.
Cıva içermezler ve cıva buharlı lambadan daha hızlı tam çıkışa ulaşırlar ve daha az ısı üretirler.
Protestoda atılan sloganlardan bir tanesi de "Bisikletimi geri ver" idi.
In 2005, “Gwangju Inhwa School affair” became known to the general public for the first time, but there was no obvious punishment.
For each such template found, the article reader attempts to extract the necessary information to create an image of the template's anchor ID, if it would produce one.
Greg Graffin is the only person that's been in the band the whole time but today there are three of the four members that were in the group when it started.
RAID 5E, RAID 5EE and RAID 6E (with the added E for Enhanced) generally refer to different types of RAID 5 or RAID 6 with a hot spare.
He says that Alyosha reminds him of his older brother, who died when he was young.
動詞上的時態可分成過去時、現在時與未來時(- /qʼa/ 與- /awt/ 這兩個後綴分別表示過去時和未來時)，
Sandspit beach is a popular relaxation spot in Karachi.
His father was a teacher of languages.
Aguilera had performed the track on four televised performances.
He seemed to many people to have "gone crazy" since meeting her.
It is an airport of entry citation serving Albany.
Later on, he shaved his beard to confirm his identity.
曾任美國洛基飛機飛彈公司研究中心研究員、
，提到毛泽东“《人民日报》是二流报纸”的观点，但也称近年来《人民日报》作为主流媒体不断进行抓思想、抓深度的探索，
All emphasize and generalize the essential features of the human figure and show an increasingly accurate understanding of human anatomy.
The postmodern condition: a report on knowledge.
宇田（英文名：Bell Yu Tian，1982年4月19日 － ），
It stands convert and weighs convert.
“探索者之路”的旅行线路每年在变更，但其中一半的行程总是安排在主办国：西班牙。
The APG sistemi 462 familya ve 40 takımı tanır: Aşağıdaki şekilde gösterilmektedir.
There are fees to be paid to do the driving tests, and if successful, there are more fees to be paid for the licence.
Ideally, a king should be castled, and kept behind a screen of pawns.
The four of them have many adventures in Austin's music career.
The fresh leaves are very mild and do not develop their full flavor until several weeks after picking and drying.
The color chocolate is shown on the right of the screen.
氣爆需要可燃氣體在一定的濃度範圍內，所以氣爆多半會在密閉的空間內，不過其影響可能會影響到密閉空間以外。
Oyunun bir diğer özelliği ise game soundtrack (oyun müzikleri) bölümündeki müziklerin çok beğenilip müziklerin sanatçılarına ödüller verilmesi olmuştur.
帝国酒店（Hotel Imperial）
The Japanese delivered 85 fighters and bombers to their air units at Rabaul while the U.S. brought 23 fighters and attack aircraft to Henderson Field.
Sometimes, it may involve killing people, but the main goals in the missions are mostly about survival.
Massiani died in Caracas on 1 April 2019, the day before his 75th birthday.
Öztürk 2000 yılında Uluslararası Anadolu ve Trakya Otobüsçüler Derneği’nin başkanlığına seçildi.
So, in this case very common trick adopted by doctors is that during appointment, appointment is registered at which family member name.
The game was released in the North America, Australia, and Europe in November 2005, and in Japan in December 2005, citation and in South Korea in which it is the very first Wi-Fi Connection game launched in April 2007.
The incident happened in the town of Morogoro.
Adams, başkanlık için fazlasıyla nitelikli, ancak 1824 seçimlerinden dolayı başkanlık liderliği potansiyelinde umutsuzca zayıflamış bir adam olarak hatırlanıyor.
It started on 29 June 2009.
He moved into the French Formula Renault (2-
The structure of the Sea of Japan can be divided into two layers: the surface water layer is about 300 meters deep, and the deep sea layer is below this.
Then I had my idea of a white line painted down the center of the highways of the country as a safety measure.
Sonic, a monkey in the show, ranked first in the category "Best Mascot".
It was cheaper than the old writing materials, but still expensive.
Higgs bozonunun ise üst kuark için bir sağdan birde soldan Yukawa etkileşim sabiti var.
The words in French and English do not mean the same thing.
Darryl Lyman: Great Jews in Music.
Buryatia's population at the end of the Soviet Union decreased for some time, according to data. citation It is currently increasing again.
He was the Commissioner of Agriculture of Tennessee and was president of Boson Software, LLC.
Neeman served as Minister of Justice in 1996 and again from 2009 through 2013.
时任伊尔贡最高指挥官泽埃夫·亚博京斯基决定外交和与英国合作会更加有利于犹太复国事业。
Then the venue was changed to London.
，但美國仍維持直接財政控制直到1941年，間接控制海地直到1947年。
斯台普斯中心總空間達convert、高convert，並有著長convert、寬convert的場地板。
The city government had a hard time.
She's the cheerleader, and I'm out in the smoker shed."
Children with disabilities should be able to have a say in decisions that affect them.
Why it has this orbit is not clear, as is the reason for the absence of smaller bodies in similar 4:3 resonances with Jupiter.
They also speak in a muffled voice so nobody knows what they're really saying.
In 2012, an idea was created that would “Empower People Worldwide with Free Internet Access”.
不久调到华北军区政治部文工团合唱队学习声乐。
He is the cab driver who lets Archie use his cab to make extra money.
Though his body was destroyed by Joseph, Esidisi's nervous system survived and takes control of Suzie Q's body to send the Super Aja to Kar while intending to use her as a sacrificial distraction before being safely removed and destroyed for good.
This virus used to kill people, cause blindness, and bad scars.
It is defined as “any adverse (or bad) effect as a result of man-made lights.”
，在首圈就以1比2（22-20、19-21、15-21）
'nde uluslararası en iyi heykel sanatçısı ödülünü 45 yaşının altında kazanan ilk sanatçıdır.
DeMOON的组合成员由粉丝投票于SNH48 Group第五屆年度金曲大賞选拔，並在SNH48 Group第五屆年度金曲大賞BEST 50公佈組合最終人選 citation citation 。
The rifle is expensive and there are not many AS-Vals available.
對字義的解釋盡可能具體而微，一改過去“大而化之”的風格。
The annual rainfall averages convert in the north and convert in the south.
The history of the province started in 716 and ended in 738.
Gerçekte, MIDI protokolü ile yaratılan sesin kalitesi arasında hiçbir bağlantı yoktur; kalite ses kartına, kullanılan ses örneklerine veya sentezleyicilere göre değişmektedir.
His first marriage was to Florence Kaye.
This album has made 5 singles which are "Failure", "Angels Fall", "Ashes of Eden" "Defeated" and "Never Again"
She focused on writing articles for The Living Way and Free Speech and Headlight.
Firth has campaigned on issues of asylum seekers, refugees' rights, and the environment.
Speed was absolutely essential if further lives were not to be lost.
从1902年到1910年他在克拉科夫第四中学上学。
One hive is made up of only one queen.
佐格拉夫修道院的图书馆对于保加利亚文化具有特殊重要的意义，保存中世纪手稿，388册为斯拉夫语，126册为希腊语，以及约10000印刷书籍。
Your inner fish: the amazing discovery of our 375-million-year-old ancestor.
It has a short tail.
北齊對人民的壓迫更重，使得北齊國勢衰落。
In 2014, the band once again decided to change their style for the new album.
Absinthe is also based on Artemisia absinthium, but it has 45-50 percent alcohol per volume.
RKB電台實施全天24小時播出，
The New York decision was particularly galling, as Klemperer had been engaged to conduct the first fourteen weeks of the New York Philharmonic's 1935-6 season.
，海拔高度2,265米，人類在1984年7月25日首次登頂。
足球流氓造成了许多足球场上的惨案。
On 31 October 2010, Rousseff won 55% of the vote.
Justs was ordained to the priesthood in 1960.
为统一行政机构，1945年10月29日在淮阴成立苏皖边区临时行政委员会，
Without being listed in the credits, Robert Vaughn appeared in The Ten Commandments (1956).
萬曆三十八年庚戌科第三甲第一百名進士。
It has been called far-left by some news outlets.
加塔瑪（Gatama 、 Getema 或 Catama Argio）
Different denominations use different confessions, usually based on historical reasons.
Later, Hélio Gracie and the Gracie family continued this.
As well as competing in the English League they have also won the Welsh Cup ten times and the Football Association of Wales Premier Cup twice.
），土耳其艦隊幾乎全被擊沉或俘虜。
“Abortion Surveillance --- United States, 2001.”
After Diaghilev's death, Balanchine stayed in Europe until 1933.
This feature is available in 20 languages.
Many famous people have this name.
Vesuvius erupted 50 more times after the eruption in 79 AD.
Many punk rock songs have lyrics (words) which tell angry stories or which use rude words.
，本作的目的仍為拍攝敵機和彈幕。
Although the show often addresses ethical dilemmas such as the morality of pacifism, the storylines rarely seek to provide unequivocal solutions.
Cornell also had two other colleges that closed.
Come with me!” and the stoic lay brother replies: “You will not find anything bad on me, you repulsive beast, depart from me!”
Felsefe tarihi içinde Deleuze’un ilgisini çeken düşünürler ilginc bir seyir gösterir.
In 1970 he starred in Ransom Money, where he played a police inspector who led the rescue of a child who was kidnapped by a gang.
This station uses side platforms.
This frog has a dark green or dark brown pattern on its skin.
此时除了ICE91/90次之外，法兰克福至维也纳间还提供有另外5对发车间隔为两小时一班城际快车服务，其中有2对延长至多特蒙德往返。
Rădăuţi'ye 18 km uzaklıktaki Suceviţa köyünde, Suceviţa Nehri yakınlarında yer almaktadır.
Sutherland, 14; Doody, "The Short Fiction", The Cambridge Companion to Jane Austen, 85–86.
She played 4 games for Japan until 1999.
Padraic Colum died in Enfield, Connecticut, when he was 90 years old.
Developer kits were expected to go out in Summer 2019.
A person who knows that they are in need of salvation, must also know that it is available.
This movie was released on May 6, 1954.
These groups included Fairport Convention, Steeleye Span, Pentangle and Alan Stivell.
" was released as the album's third single and charted moderately.
The current population of Americans in the U.S. is over 320 million people as of 2015.
This frog lives near streams.
His brother is a hip-hop artist and actor.
D. program in The Philosophy in Conflict and Conflict Resolution.
Engebeli bir coğrafi yapıya sahiptir.
However, the Act also meant that Welsh citizens were given the same legal rights as the English so there was an upside to this new law.
The different sizes of board affect the speed.
電影於2018年3月9日在中国上映。
其實，HAT-P-32b比木星規模還要大，但其質量卻這麼小，是有原因的。
It has sold over 46,000 copies around the world.
's Board of Education.
日俄戰爭中，交戰雙方均首次大量集中裝備了機關槍。
About 12 million people play baseball in the United States.
They were made as kitchen dishes, or for carrying food and drink.
Some other cities have swords too.
Nevertheless, his ideas implied that the pope was corrupt also.
Understanding ethics can help people decide what to do when they have choices.
Olivia has become engaged to Sebastian.
His father Alessandro was a famous composer who wrote many operas.
It is known as the site of the 2005 World Exposition.
黃寬（1829年－1878年10月12日），
The Lore of the Chinese Lute.
Along with the literary historian Frederick Fučík, they wrote a book explaining the origins and meanings of the various sayings and proverbs called Buried dog.
Luke then encounters the Force Ghost of Obi-Wan Kenobi, who also confirms Luke's origins and states he told the truth, from a certain point of view.
清朝，移民屯垦造成人口的大量增加，雍正三年，
So Lully became more interested in composing operas.
No bread for base.
：除了自身以外因數的和，恰好等於本身減一的數。
After a 45-year career, Mercier-Ythier's harpsichords had appeared in over 9000 concerts and 700 recordings.
，出生時被取名為Johnny Allen Hendrix，他的父母是Al Hendrix和Lucille Jeter。
It was first known as Grant Field (it was renamed Bobby Dodd Stadium in 1988).
They marched with the store-wagons, acting as guards.
ABD'deki başarıya ek olarak, şarkı, ilk yayımlanışında yirmi üç ülkede ilk 5'e girdi ve bunların yirmisinde ilk sırada yer aldı.
The name "CART" was no longer used.
Gibbs'in eserleri kendi başlarına ayakta kalacak kadar sağlamdır.
，总检察署证实莫哈末哈山曾汇款，但表示这笔汇款并非从贪污所得。
Their biggest success they had in the 1980s.
Gizlice tüm uygarlıkları izledikleri tahmin edilmektedir.
They also resisted employing pay drivers more than most other teams short on money.
He had a twin brother, Khoa Nguyen.
However, we now know that morphological characters (
混乱中3艘南军撞击舰突然从烟雾中冲了出来，向北军炮舰高速冲刺，然而均在北军火炮的密集打击下或搁浅或受重创，并没有成功实施撞击。
Profesyonel futbol kariyerine 1992 yılında Melbourne Knights kulübünde başladı.
美国生物化学家、1986年诺贝尔生理学或医学奖获得者。
The Fischer–Tropsch process (or Fischer–Tropsch Synthesis or F-T) is a set of chemical reactions that changes a mixture of carbon monoxide gas and hydrogen gas into liquid hydrocarbons (like gasoline or kerosene).
"Woodcraft: Simms's First Answer to Uncle Tom's Cabin" by Joseph V. Ridgely, American Literature, Vol. 31, No. 4 (January, 1960), pp. 421–433.
Napthine was elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly in 1988 as Member for the country seat of Portland, as the electorate was then known.
Ibarra was founded in 1606.
One year later, Smith and Esposito would help the Black Hawks to the Stanley Cup final.
，发行于1996年4月 citation ，是一款模拟经营类游戏，
"Six Thirty" adlı beşinci parçada Grande, bir metafor olarak karşısındaki kişiyi dünün özellikle belirli bir saati olarak tanımlar.
Ahmet Üstel, a graduate of Galatasaray High School, continued his education due to his interest in the writing of theater plays.
Fractals are very efficient shapes for radio antennas and are used in computer chips to efficiently connect all the components.
It is the only Floorless Coaster in Pennsylvania and was opened on May 7, 2005.
As a result, Tithonus ended up aging eternally.
In 2018 the station launched an additional service Yorkshire Coast Radio 70s.
隨後，在古裝喜劇金牌紅娘中，出演兩個角色，分別是單純的師妹蕭瓏女和惡毒的皇后。
He is a blue cat.
When the sack is squeezed the air is pushed out.
The movie is set between 1939 and 1942.
，在當時，有英國人把平底的雪橇安裝了車板，後來，
It was started in 1982.
İstanbul'daki otoriteler onu aramaya başladılar ve çok geçmeden yakalandı.
There are also the Institute of Management and Development, the Regional Business Development Center and the Plant Science and Agricultural Training Research Institute.
He is also called the general Kanetsugu Naoe of Uesugi.
"Power from the oceans: wind energy industries are growing, and as we look for alternative power sources, the growth potential is through the roof.
Magic Dance: The Display of the Self Nature of the Five Wisdom Dakinis.
Žydrūnas Savickas first became interested in strength sports after watching a Lithuanian strongman contest on TV in 1989.
In his life, he received six gold records.
For later periods, they can use the celebration of a sed festival.
It is one of the main five channels in the United Kingdom, and was the fifth and last analogue television channel in the country.
The center and brightest of these three stars is Altair.
Toplam 20 dersliği bulunan okulun, 10 dersliği dershane, 4 dersliği fizik, kimya, biyoloji ve bilgisayar laboratuvarı olarak kullanılmaktadır.
Traditionally they play in red and white striped shirts with black shorts and red and white socks.
He wrote short stories, novels, plays, essays and poems.
The process by which the system changes its energy state is called bubble nucleation: Somewhere in the universe, a bubble will appear, with a lower energy state inside the bubble.
現今王小雲担任山東大學密码技术与信息安全教育部重点实验室主任，清华大学密码理论与技术研究中心主任，同时兼任中国密码学会密码数学理论专业委员会主任 。
这项宣布后，她发行单曲「I Went Too Far 我太過火」，并在2016年6月4日发行此歌曲的音乐录像带。
They are not as systematic.
The dorsal fin of the orca can extend up to six feet above its body.
He has been in many TV programs as a host, such as ”音楽のチカラ”, etc. He is the rapper in Arashi.
It is a rhythm and blues label.
Howard Jones, Union in Peril: The Crisis Over British Intervention in the Civil War (Lincoln: University of Nebraska Press, 1997), p. 27 Seward warned both nations of the possibility of war with the United States over this issue.
Only the southern convert border is a straight line.
The first and second estates walked out, and the king let them.
It killed at least 35 people.
Trish becomes Austin's manager and Dez creates Austin's music videos.
"We Belong Together" was the number-one song of 2005 and of the 2000s decade in the US.
Hitler did not like the Austrian army, so he left Austria for Germany.
He has been described as a Christian fundamentalist by news sources.
However, the number of Federal Ministers and Ministers of State who are members of Senate, shall not at any time, exceed one fourth of the numbers of Federal Ministers.
It lives among willows and on open tundra and muskeg.
The average annual rainfall is convert.
In Devon, Burgh Island and Bolt Tail are located on the south coast and Embury Beacon and Hillsborough on the north coast.
She is presently the Fleet Flagship of the Royal Navy and is on call to respond as needed.
'At the screening, Garrison said that to broaden the movie's appeal, they were thinking about changing the name to Savage Love, so we may have an argument there,' Berney said."
After that WrestleMania, Shaq asked if Big Show wanted a match at this WrestleMania.
She left home at 15 and worked as a nursemaid.
Testaverde later announced his retirement.
》原作者朴寅權該系列漫畫的第三部《野王傳》改編，由於原作是成人漫畫，無法將內容照搬，僅引用原作的大框架，實際上故事完全不同。
The name was changed to Lake Charles on March 16, 1867.
The painting is exhibited at Milwaukee Art Museum.
This is a storytelling tradition that continues to the present day.
Most people in Moresnet worked in the zinc mine.
Canaries are domestic birds.
This movie is about superheroes.
However, they may not be the most popular or successful.
Since 1940 only Lyndon Johnson in 1964 has gotten as much as forty percent of the county’s vote.
This form represents Shiva in his aspect as a teacher of yoga, music, and wisdom and giving exposition on the shastras.
Exact rhymes are the same in everything but the first sound.
Japanese troops landed on the west coast of southern Bataan on the night of 22 January.
He called it the first ever United States museum to talk about human rights in China.
"Benjamin Strong was a prominent New York banker who was instrumental in the foundation and success of the Federal Reserve Bank.
，全电子触点设计，可以通过转接环支持EF与EF-S镜头。
They had few natural enemies and serious competitors.
Part of this problem is caused by the over-use and misuse of antibiotics.
In the episode, Lisa hides the competing student's diorama of the story and replaces it with an actual animal heart.
With acculturation, both cultures are looked at.
If the planned East London Line extension gets to Clapham Junction, the platform may be used again.
Policy settings can be configured for each user and for each machine.
Lee's final work with Jack Kirby, The Silver Surfer: The Ultimate Cosmic Experience, was published in 1978.
Ponsonby-Fane, p. 421. From the site of his tomb, he was sometimes referred to as Mizunoo (水尾).
She sailed to Dursey Head (
、酸、寒，有清热凉血、活血，解毒透疹的作用。
尾張四觀音的各寺自古以來都是以名古屋城為中心，此外不清楚大須觀音和成田山萬福院所說的「中心惠方」是什麼，但和尾張四觀音中心（名古屋城）所指的「中心惠方」是不同的，以此理解可能較為妥當 。
Torres and his first wife divorced soon after the formation of Bon Jovi in 1983.
Her first record Heart Shaped World was released in 1999.
For example, all characters for 9-point Bulmer is a font, and the 10 point size would be another font.
Twin 22-story ziggurat towers were built as later additions.
Bass could not run for reelection in the California Assembly 2010 due to term limits.
Rusya'nın güneş enerjisi için brüt potansiyelinin 2,3 trilyon tce olduğu tahmin edilmektedir.
A protostar with less than 0.08 solar masses never reaches the 10 million K temperature needed for efficient hydrogen fusion.
The population of the whole municipality is 15,571 (2004).
A clique is a small group of people who like the same things.
It is one of the most ancient and economically important cities of Albania.
She married Richard Wagner’s son Siegfried, who was much older than she was.
奧格利和金斯伯格這兩位研究者於2000年結論道：專業界經常忽略陰蒂一詞。
The main screen and one smaller one can also play 3D films.
The result is that all muscles contract, including muscles required for breathing, causing death by asphyxiation.
Clancy married his first wife, Wanda, in the 1970s.
There are two schools in Bembridge, one is for children of ages 4–8, and the other is for children of ages 9–13.
Gadid did not finish the marathon while Ali Wais did not pass the first round of her event.
Thomas Hancock had received a patent for the same process in the UK the year before.
Of course, his bickering covetous heirs and associates would rather keep the jewel for themselves.
This was at the very end of the last episode of the show, "End-A-Rooney".
The start of the Sullivan Line, near Sheridan, Missouri.
Until 2005, there was one Norwegian-language edition of wikipedia, that was called "Wikipedia på norsk" ("Wikipedia in Norwegian").
位於南海的諸島，島外圍圍繞著被稱作「帕隆屏障」的岩礁，只有像十夢那樣熟知地形的人才可能穿越，而在最南端的「巴巴利亞島」在數十年前被一隻300歲以上的凱拉巨鱷統治，並且藉著獵食大量迫害島上的生態。
When following a style guide that opposes the comma, one can rearrange the terms to avoid confusion.
And sometimes the information doesn't arrive in the right order.
;健康和生命科學系（Faculty of Health and Life Sciences）
The hottest temperature ever recorded was convert in 1954.
Politics in Mexico became violent and several Mexican States declared independence.
The success of this Rasalila made Raja Bhagyachandra (ruler from 1755 to 1789) try composing other Rasalilas such as the Vasantarasa and Kunjarasa.
It adds flavour to the Turkish choban salad.
A user-generated representation of Britain in Polandball-style, known as UKball.
Because the infantry, artillery and engineers were trained together, rehearsed together, and worked together they were able to do what they were asked efficiently and without unnecessary casualties.
当时4岁的伊丽莎白在听到曾祖母的小马车开到温莎城堡时便会冲出阳台，边挥手边叫道：“奶奶，我在这儿！”
His books were about suspicious international business.
In this church, he meets another republican called Cavaradossi.
Lake Sidenreng has some water facilities.
The Portuguese created a trading post at Inhambane in 1534.
They get their moisture from food, which includes insects and their larvae, seeds, spiders, bulbs, fruit, fungi, and very small animals.
U.S. Route 50 or U.S. Highway 50 (US 50) is a major east–west route of the U.S. Highway system.
He is the Deputy Minister of Health and Medical Education since February 2019.
In the early 1890s, Grabowski thought that Esperanto was being used by fewer people than before.
This is why today’s standard Norwegian (Bokmål) is similar to Danish.
However, by doing this they had divided themselves into two groups.
One of the main problems in North America during the 1920s was Organized Crime.
進行曲，臺灣消費者習慣以「馬曲」、「罵取」以及「麻糬」稱之，
The story is about a jungle-dwelling girl, Rima, and Abel, the man who loves her.
Come, Friend of sinners, and thus bide with me.
In late September 2010, Winkler voiced Professor Nathaniel Zib in the Lego Factory mini-series Rise of the Rookies.
柯兰成为蝙蝠侠的主力画家，他把绘制德库拉的手法用在蝙蝠侠身上，大量使用阴影而非线条勾勒人物，甚至创作了一个吸血鬼蝙蝠侠故事，在他的笔下，蝙蝠侠连载融入了更多恐怖气氛。
There are three types of video game developers.
In 2010, there were 356 people living in Abbott.
The match was played by Bangladesh and Zimbabwe.
Gurnard's main street features a pub (Portland Inn), Doughty Newnham Chartered Surveyors office (a company of measurers and mapmakers), a few shops, and a few houses.
到2020年3月21日，城市大學財務處向全體師生發電郵，表示由於未能與城名飲食集團達成協議，中菜廳及城峰閣於同年4月20日正式終止結業。
Lobsters have eyes but they cannot see very well.
AMD and Intel sometimes include integrated GPUs embedded in their CPUs but these are not as powerful as a dedicated external GPU that is seperate from the CPU.
The stranger seduces him into an intense session of phone sex.
他指出，如果在公平公義的選舉當中，胡國興是不二之選。
新竹市立青少年國樂團赴西安、太原演出「2009華夏樂揚兩岸情」系列音樂會，受到兩岸專業樂評的高度肯定。
Berle was married to Joyce Mathews from 1941 until they divorced in 1947.
In 2003, the village of Great Coates (
In 2015 the CR-V was named Motor Trend SUV of the year.
這階段，他除研究對農業有利之昆蟲天敵外，
The President was the leader of the Council.
"Eating" is the verb in the clause, while "this cake" is the object of the verb.
Ho had ten children.
Shamma is west of Leh along the Indus Valley and to the south of Khaltse.
每集一開始，舞台中央立有兩個左右並排的大型看板，
村内主要建筑有洋船屋（笃诚堂）、思慎堂、聚星堂、旗峰公家庙、敬修堂、崇德堂、思永堂、东新桥等。
These environmental changes clearly affected populations living in the area.
She was able to get volunteers and inspire projects like Project Open Hand in other places around the world.
基顿最终解开了局,并成功建成房子(如上图)。
As the years passed, the government had taken on these horrors, studies were being conducted, and the plight of street children was being relieved.
They are not very popular, but they have a loyal group of fans.
As a result, sugar stays in the blood and is not taken up, leading to a high blood sugar.
卡拉瓦乔圣母圣殿（Basilica di Santa Maria di Caravaggio）是一座罗马天主教宗座圣殿，供奉卡拉瓦乔圣母，
It began admitting freshmen in 1984.
It is worth noting that meitnerium has unknown chemical properties, but is probably a transition metal.
He is best known for being part of the team the Midnight Express.
Only Enamul Haque Jr got a 10 wicket in a match and that is the one and only 10 wicket figure in a match.
They have a daughter born in July, 2015.
When this takes place, the victim is likely to only get the symptoms of one beriberi.
After the fire, Glarus was rebuilt in block fashion according to construction plans by Bernhard Simon and Johann Caspar Wolff.
As a result, information transmitted in this way is hard to trace.
乌托邦”无非是不能实现之事，并不等于灾难和极权主义。“
，而秦軍的作戰計畫就將合縱軍引到秦國國門『
Bandaranaike was a member of an Sinhalese family, the son of Mudaliyar Don Christoffel Bandaranaike who was Mudaliyar Governors Gate and 2nd Udagaha Mudaliyar.
It is the third largest district in Jammu and Kashmir after Leh and Kargil.
Seoul became a special city in 1948.
，則該書為被引用得最多的作品；以單一版本來算，
Farming is the most important of these.
He is the founder of Chhipa Welfare Association.
Usually these feelings will go away as one gets used to the new environment, but sometimes homesickness can make a person depressed.
Phrenology is looking at the human skull and finding strange bumps to be measured.
Quotation marks (also called quote marks or quotes for short) are used around the words that people have said, or direct speech.
She is the granddaughter of the original Red Tornado and a member of the Justice Society of America.
Polgar has never competed in events limited to women, but the prospects of such a match is "interesting". citation Polgar, now 35, is still an extremely strong player.
Symbols are a shorthand way of writing the names of units.
Josh Lyman said in the days prior to the election "Bartlet was punching brick walls" as the result seemed too close to call, before the result broke his way.
Kasıtlı faullerde iki serbest atış hakkı verilir.
A Brief History of The Normans (Constable & Robbinson, Ltd, London, 2008), p. 102 To make up for what he had done to the Church earlier he restored all the property that he or his vassals had taken.
Second Season（烏養繋心）
Many other sociobiologists have used sociobiology to argue quite separate points.
"Cockiness (Love It)" Candice Pillay, D. Abernathy, Shondrae Crawford ve Robyn Fenty tarafından yazıldı, sahne adı Mr.
该影片取得了一定的商业成功 citation ，但也受到了负面评价 citation 主角是基恩韦恩，之前也小姐好白，也是嘲讽笑剧。
Flat legs with horns are called fossorial legs.
Players will stay on the "Good" ranking when staying to the beat.
Under his leadership, the abbey built a new and monumental church in the trademark Cistercian style.
Juvenile executions were much more common earlier on.
"about the relative merits of the communications age".
They are baked with Satay sauces and rice to add extra flavor.
，飞行员需要通过机头瞄准目标，极大的提高了攻击效率。
Bir süre çeviri yaptıktan sonra senaryo üzerinde çalışmaya başladı.
Today the most common way of making steel is the basic-oxygen process.
He wrote a book on how to play the organ, and for many years he edited collections of organ music which had been written by earlier composers.
Birçok denizaltı, uzatılmış sferoit olarak tanımlanabilecek bir şekle sahiptir.
The average North Korean citizen makes around $900 a year.
一些游戏中玩家收集完所得獎品後遊戲會提供按鈕立即前往供應抽獎箱的商店。
There was trouble when finding a location because most strip clubs did not serve alcohol.
They were in the show Star Trek: The Original Series (TOS) many times and were in all five spin-off series afterwards, eventually becoming friends of the United Federation of Planets.
為完成三個認人手續、證人辨認證物及死者頸上電線和衣物的基因報告，案件又押後到5月23日處理 citation 。6月20日，控方加控張祺忠阻止合法埋葬罪，而案件押後至7月29日進行交付程序 citation 。
She acted in the movie A Warrior's Heart with Kellan Lutz, who was also in Twilight.
Jonathan Sutherland, African Americans at War: An Encyclopedia, Volume 1 (Santa Barbara: ABC-CLIO, 2004), p. 267 Morgan didn't have any reserves, it was a false order.
For the performance Robinson earned the Most Valuable Player award for the National League.
，被制裁者包括蔡展鵬和譚耀宗等人 citation 。
除此之外，相机、屏幕尺寸等元件规格均与小米9相同，但小米9机身左侧布置的AI实体按键在小米9 Pro上被去除，语音助理呼出方式也改为和小米8等前代机型一致。
It was created on 1 January 1984 from the former municipalities Baarderadeel and Hennaarderadeel.
第三等級包括所有不在以上這些階級的成員，可分為兩組，城市和農村的，共同組成法蘭西98％的人口。
海湾北部出口建有防波堤，海湾作为等候驶入运河的船只的停泊地。
One of his first pupils was his younger brother Arthur.
总统在任命和罢免内阁成员的问题上，除任命副总统需经过国民议会的批准外，任命或罢免其他部长不需要征得国民议会的同意。
They used a bible in the language people spoke.
Since William Adelin had died and his wife eventually returned to Anjou, Henry's alliance with her father was now cancelled.
最为精彩之处，是壶腹双侧面有模具冲压而成的舞马图，这匹健硕的舞马长鬃披颈，口衔酒杯，前肢蹦直，后肢弯曲，马尾上扬，绶带飘动，动感十足。
例如蒲葵和棕櫚外型很類似，都是單桿聳立樹幹且蒲扇型葉子，但蒲葵是雌雄同株，而棕櫚是雌雄異株。
'na dahil edildi (kısa süre sonra İtalya Krallığı'na dahil edildi) ve II.
In 1993, she recorded her second album for WEA Latina, "Mujer de Fuego" (Woman of Fire).
父孙养素，字真夫，號啸南，家训文学，遂大进焉。
Clemm also had a daughter named Virginia Clemm.
The first concrete girder bridge ever built, Salginatobel Bridge, is in Schiers.
It was created in 1974 by the Local Government Act 1972 Arnold-Baker, C., Local Government Act 1972, (1973) and in 2005 covered an area of 2,029 km² and a population of 2.1 million.
Later, he met Django Reinhardt.
If a contestant has a Wild Card in the bonus round, a fourth consonant is called.
You can get it by racing.
The national emblem is said to date back to the 18th century.
浦安鉄筋家族》為標題，2014年7月6日到12月28日以3分鐘短篇動畫形式播放、配信。
Polonya, Avrupa'nın en dindar ülkelerinden biridir.
They approached Shaun T who submitted a demo which would later be called "Insanity", released in 2009.
Most of them live in the southern and eastern parts of the country.
It is 23–24 cm long and weighs around 64–90 g. The body color of the male and female is almost the same and black on the head and distinct bright orange feathers from chest to side of abdomen.
Massive German bombing on 23 August caused a firestorm.
Embley joined BBC World in 1995.
The CPI ( Consumer Price Index) ignores the substitution of the inexpensive item for the expensive item.
Başlangıçta üniversitede iki fakülte, beş yüksekokul ve iki enstitü bulunmaktaydı.
It weights about convert.
By 1581 his music had become extremely popular.
Some people say calling Wikipedia an "encyclopedia" means that people trust it even when they should not trust it.
Zika Virus likely to spread throughout the Americas, says WHO.
So, investigators began looking for wreckage from the back of the plane.
Miniature from a manuscript of Majlis Al-Usshak by Husayn Bayqarah.
The club began in 1880.
提审或者指令下级人民法院再审；
The story dealt with some unusually serious issues for a musical.
Şu gün yürülülükte olan "Amatör (Sportif) Amaçlı Su Ürünleri Avcılığını Düzenleyen 1 ve 2 Numaralı Tebliğ" uyarınca Eşkina balığı "diğer türler" sınıfında belirtilmiş ve avının toplam limiti 5 kg olarak belirlenmiştir.
Thomas died on April 30, 2016 of natural causes at the age of 91.
Like the two other subspecies of Asian elephants, Sri Lankan elephants live in groups of individuals that are related by blood.
Then, the cycle repeats.
，微软针对移动设备开发的一款操作系统，有时也称Windows on ARM。
美國媒體認為，重建第四艦隊的舉措是為了加強美國對加勒比和拉丁美洲地區國家的影響力。
》同時也是怪獸宇宙的第四部作品，原定於2020年上映，
Gillison states that an RAAF reconnaissance PBY, commanded by Squadron Leader G. E. Hemsworth, was lost to enemy action near the Louisiades on 6 May.
When people sing they make their voices go high or low.
另於2021年3月宣佈因為開發人員及工作調整關係，需要將遊戲延期壓後由2021年6月24日延至同年10月12日。
競母朱氏複擊登聞鼓奏訴，而魯圖免死，亦令人訟其枉。
In 2008, airport owners said the company Skydive City was using an illegal runway 200 metres from the airport.
The limit is strictly enforced by many Ministry of Fisheries officers with the help of the police.
There was a bicycle for 40 people.
It also supports them with money.
Cheyenne County is very Republican.
In 1946 she moved back to New York and studied acting with Erwin Piscator.
）的移民也定居拉丁美洲并带来了自己的一些文化元素（如南美洲的足球盛行即源于对英国侨民的足球爱好的耳濡目染） citation 。
Lennon was surprised at the idea that the song title was a hidden reference to LSD.
The Zimmermann Telegram (also called the Zimmermann Note) was a telegram sent to Mexico from Germany on January 16, 1917.
Lake Burullus is in the north of the Kafr El Sheikh governorate.
In the early- to mid-
主人公就是其中一名热衷于这款游戏的玩家。
When the Marne department was created on 1800, the arrondissement of Vitry-le-François was part of that original department.
奥希金斯总督选择了托马斯·德·菲格罗阿上尉来指挥这次报复行动。
It takes up 50% of the volume of the cortex, compared to 29% for humans.
Çıkışlar 2007 yılından beri Mısır ve İsrail tarafından kapatılmıştır.
In 2001 there were 217 people living in Wickenby.
冰--队伍要搬两块220磅重冰放在三轮车上，然后骑着车前往一座市场，最后再将冰敲碎放在塑料桶里就能获得下一条线索。
This period started in July 1181 and ended in May 1182.
'Ch' in mechanic, or Christmas are good examples.
In addition to these titles, the Prime Minister uses the title Minister of State.
A burial site has also been identified.
They spend little time on land.
INDO stands for Intermediate Neglect of Differential Overlap.
She also acted as Nurse Preen in The Man Who Came to Dinner.
She also played Lucy Tranelli in Men of a Certain Age.
因本地歌仔的服裝沒有水袖，必須以扇子來增強手部動作的呈現。
It is based on the 1993 children's book of the same name by Milan Trenc.
In the center of this area, the "provincia Gera", a town with the same name was established.
Pilot Neshat Jahandari became Iran's first female certified captain in July 2019.
你會比較希望受到尊敬，而不是侮辱。
赵尔巽等 1998，第12596页 ，江宁驻防出身，
European countries made two important peace agreements in Aachen.
It is in the northwest part of the continent, and it has an area of 1,141,748 km² (440,839 sq mi).
But they also have reduced weight and water resistance of their lighter skull and very narrow jaw.
Citizens could be involved in the running of Athens and could be chosen for important positions.
Freddie is a computer whiz kid who has a crush on Carly (
In 1792 the Duke of Saxe-Weimar was also the Duke of Saxe-Eisenach, and the Duke of Saxe-Altenburg was also the Duke of Saxe-Gotha, so both had two votes; and the Duke of Saxe-Coburg had one vote.
Robert W. Orttung; Danielle N. Lussier; Anna Paretskaya (Armonk, NY: Sharpe, 2000), p. 348 Currently, however, a large part of the population of Fryazino works in Moscow.
It kept the game more open.
李训通经明易立志，非不正，而诛仇士良不克，遂成甘露之祸，唐自此亦亡。
在魯登道夫銀行搶案中，崔佛以為麥可死了，但事實上他以詐死擺脫罪名，並改名為麥可·迪聖塔。
Kuantum ışınlama sadece ulaşım ve haberleşme alanında değil, tıbbi ve askeri alanda da yeni gelişmelere yol açacak.
He also played in a wind quintet and was known as a conductor.
Because they have now been bred to have a long coat, they can no longer be active enough to hunt or be exercised outside.
After reaching his 15000 cavalry troops in the evening, Ahmad Shah Abdali decided the final phase of his charge.
The box office intake was positive.
She represents the Element of Loyalty.
臺灣議會期成同盟會在東京重新成立，
Resim defalarca revize edildi ve resmedildiği liderler iktidardan düşüp daha sonra rehabilitasyona girdikçe, daha da fazla değişiklik yapmak için resmin reprodüksiyonu yapıldı.
These six hospitals were Bernburg, Brandenburg, Grafeneck, Hadamar, Hartheim, and Sonnenstein Euthanasia Centres.
乾隆二十年（1755年）正月，清軍分兩路出征準噶爾，
Frederic Henry Lewey He is consistently referred to as "Lewy", although he changed his names during his years in the U.S, ending up with "Lewey".
目前定居台北，工作領域則是跨倫敦、東京、北京、上海、香港、台北。
James Lindenberg (December 20, 1921 April 28, 2009) is an American entrepreneur.
James is described as one of the first disciples who joined Jesus.
，其中很多是18至19歲的學生 ，平均年齡只有21歲 。
Other suggestions were "Walvic line" (
He is a descendant of the King Wuyue Tsien Liu.
Absolutely Fabulous in episode four, "Donkey", with Faithfull playing God and Pallenberg The Devil.
Hospital Management International, 1997, pp 80–82.
It dates from Mughal times.
Soumaoro Kanté (also written Sumanguru Kanté) was a king of the Sosso people during the 13th century.
Improved drafts were announced in 2003 and 2005, filling in to ≈92% of the sequence.
John Newbery and Jordan Mary had three new children.
Such robots must learn about the area of work.
Amala Shankar attended 2012 Cannes Film Festival where the movie was screened.
He was member of Austrias teame for the FIFA World Cup 1998 in France.
Many people did not like Fielder and his new parody.
He batted and threw right-handed, and had blonde hair.
，最大馬力來到了197 bhp（5,800 rpm）以及最大扭力在28 kgm (1,700 rpm)。
John Thomas "Sib" Hashian (August 17, 1949 March 22, 2017) was an American musician.
There are many philosophical interpretations of the wave function, and a few of the leading ideas will be considered here.
Dakar was one of the major cities of the French Empire during this time.
The general concept is exactly the same for every living being.
This final stage is often referred to as "shave and taper"; the swimmer tapering downs his or her workload to be able to perform at their optimal level.
It is managed by Oregon Science Fiction Conventions, Inc. (OSFCI) tax-exempt non-profit corporation.
Ethics tries to explain why some actions are good and other actions are evil.
The current controller of the station is Danny Cohen, citation and the Head of Scheduling is Dan McGolpin.
The Human League has 3 members: Philip Oakey, Joanne Catherall, and Susan Ann Sulley.
He also wrote books on Universal Sufism and economics.
This photo became an important image of this battle, of the war in the Pacific, and of the Marine Corps.
The plant was initially approved only for formulation of pesticides from component chemicals, such as MIC imported from the parent company, in relatively small quantities.
In 1967, the Bristol Engine Company proposed the radical idea of a directed thrust engine.
Its import-export traffic in the country is second to the Jeddah Seaport.
Yıllık ortalama yağış 522 milimetredir (20.6 inç).
They built ramps from the ground to the fords.
Pernick and Wilder say that, in the 1970s, clean technology was considered “alternative”.
However, he did not agree with Kennedy's legal argument.
，亦即可以用相同質量的燃料產生更多的動量)，所以比化學燃料火箭消耗更少燃料，但由於能源所限，其推力會比化學燃料火箭弱得多。
，俗名勒氏短须石首鱼、勒氏石首鱼、勒氏须䱛。
The necessities for the gun are not only very high power (any big gun could do that), but that it can be carried for long periods, shot from any position, and be well balanced enough to track on rapidly moving animals.
Many nearly complete fossil coelurosaurians are known from the late Jurassic.
He was a founding member of the International Human Rights Law Institute at DePaul University which was established in 1990.
Kichka was the only member of his family to have survived the deportation to camps in Central and Eastern Europe.
Marxism says that factories, tools, and work places cannot create new value on their own.
The 1994 Formula One season was the 45th edition of the championship.
Ó Dálaigh then announced that he would sign the bill at midnight of the 15th of October, which he made public.
This kind of art is not made on purpose, but becomes art when people observe and recognize it.
它被懷疑是經過大量的星系碰撞造成的，
，俱乐部创立之初以「城市化、职业化、产业化」为发展目标。
Again in 1981 she returned to the studio to record her original releases under MGM records.
Originally it was a joint venture between Allarcom Pay Television and the operators of First Choice (now The Movie Network).
猪肉王子决心报仇，三年后，团伙四人从一所武术学校毕业，开始疯狂报复社会。
From location to adjacent location, the probability of the particle existing there would rise and fall like a wave of probability—a rising and falling probability density.
The lake was created by Clinton Dam being built.
When people washed him at Dongchun (동천), his body shines and birds and beasts came to dance and sing. Also the sky and the earth shook and the sun and the moon became clear.
Since there was no hope of winning, Hitler gave orders to his generals and allowed a breakout plan on April 28th, but the plan went badly.
车厂的业务虽然正在慢慢地走上轨道， 但是工厂的两位领导人, 负责经营管理的振邦和负责市场销售的振民经常因为不同的管理思维而引起争执。
The Republican Party itself is also known as the GOP, which stands for "Grand Old Party".
In 1957 Minco published her first book, Het bittere kruidSUBST ("The bitter herb").
從1962年開始，美聯便有打算把1支職業球隊移到達拉斯/渥斯堡地區。
Most IRC servers do not require users to log in, but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected.
茱莉亞的學生愛迪生（布萊斯·羅賓森）走到花店，努力嘗試送花給他的心上人，花店的老闆瑞德（
Thomas later told Biography, that "all eyes were on her".
Chloephaga picta leucoptera is only found in the Falklands.
工程由水利电力部华东勘测设计研究院设计，水利电力部第十二工程局施工。
It is held by the host chairperson of the previous Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (CHOGM), and is maintained until the next CHOGM.
The audience will have to understand that the performance may be stopped if something goes wrong and needs to be rehearsed.
Spring can be erratic, and the weather can change from frost to sunshine within a matter of days.
Sometimes a concerto contrasted a group of soloists with the rest of the orchestra.
In the mid-19th century it meant the faithful reproduction of everything which could be printed, whether words or pictures.
Realii that he was absolutely certain the Naurskaya attackers had no ties to IS or to any other terrorist group."
Articles tagged as "Ib" in the Protected Area Infobox are automatically added to this Wikipedia category.
Over 7,400 Boeing 737s have been built and delivered.
The book's original title was ''The Federalist: A Collection of Essays Written in Favour of the New Constitution, As Agreed Upon By the Federal Convention, September 17, 1787.
Kakadu National Park has some of the best examples of Aboriginal rock art in Australia.
Another sign, which tells a pianist to press the soft pedal is una corda, (Italian for one string).
It measures 72 × 90 cm (28.3 × 35.4 in).
As a young man, Krishnamurti disavowed Theosophy and dissolved the worldwide organization (the Order of the Star in the East) established to support it.
He hit the person with the billiard cue and smashed his head through a window.
As the war progressed and more Union warships became available for the blockade and the number of available ports became fewer and fewer.
This is commonly called the "
委员会委员二十三人，由行政院长提请中央政治会议通过后由国民政府特派。
曾因錯誤決策，在緬甸導致四萬國軍大半死於野人山（
In 1979 the company introduced the high-performance POTENZA radial tire.
Hahm featured in Davichi's music video "Time, Please Stop" ("시간아 멈춰라") which was released on May 6, 2010.
She spent her teens years in an Italian/Jewish Neighbourhood, due to this she became fluent in Yiddish and later went on to record multiple songs in Yiddish and Hebrew.
Poland becomes a Christian country.
随后，云南省当地政府有关部门介入，2016年6月16日，云南省曲靖市交通运输局印发《云南普宣高速公路建设指挥部关于对北盘江大桥更名为尼珠河大桥的函》，称“为了体现宣威市人民的需求，普宣建设指挥部多次与贵州毕都高速建设项目办协调，将北盘江大桥更名为尼珠河大桥。
，並在2003年國聯冠軍賽第三戰擔任先發，該場小熊在延長賽中獲勝。
David Bernard Montgomery, 2nd Viscount Montgomery of Alamein main (18 August 1928 8 January 2020) was a British politician and businessman.
As of October 14, 2007, the former domain name was still suspended.
This discography relates to releases by Tim Finn only.
Major upgrades have were done in April and May 2012.
並試圖讓葉成為黑暗之言操縱者。
奧康奈爾認为一般教科書對陰蒂的描述欠缺細節及不準確的，以及認為解剖學家main在19世紀初對陰蒂解剖結構的研究是最全面及最準確的。
An exbibyte (EiB) is a large unit of measurement for computers of the future.
In 1938, he was paid $600 per week.
Pulmonology is a type of medicine where doctors know about the lungs and the heart.
Rock music has become more popular in recent years, though the Belarusian government has tried to limit the amount of foreign music aired on the radio.
Marco Dezzi Bardeschi (September 30, 1934 - November 4, 2018) was an Italian architect.
He is known for his song "My Eyes Adore You" and "Grease" (1978).
Panarchy: understanding transformations in human and natural systems.
For example there is the Uluburun shipwreck from the New Kingdom.
Average income increased, and population grew rapidly.
Because his enemies won, King Harold Godwinson had to force-march his troops convert, from London to York.
There are other possible explanations of the ring-like appearance.
This list of the 20 busiest airports is ranked in order of passenger traffic.
Billy Mann tarafından yazılıp bestelenen şarkı, I'm Not Dead albümünün beşinci teklisi olarak satışa sunuldu.
The Germans did not believe de Gaulle and waited too long to move in extra troops against the Allies.
昆山市中医医院、原昆山市中医院，
Levin, Harold L. The Earth through time.
As of September 2005, it had an estimated population (number of people living in it) of 55,362.
In 1991, these engines were supplied to the new Jordan Grand Prix team.
Jessica Martins is a Canadian movie producer and talent agent.
Her stage name is Alizée — which is the feminine form of alizé and means "
After his father's death in 1836 he was called Louis XIX.
There are two broad basic types of libertarians.
Breeds Hill is actually a tiny island located in Boston.
無谷在《前言》中說：“目前手頭尚未找到第二種本子。”
For a detailed discussion of the differences, see "
They are most often human.
，香港人首次目睹有組織、有國際水平的示威動員，震憾香港社會。
The documentation also mentioned that 300 healthy prisoners were brought from Mauthausen to the sub-camp St. Aegyd.
After his military service he began acting again.
The story in Book One and Book Three is told from the perspective of Bella Swan.
In 2001, the building was awarded the Emporis Skyscraper Award for Best New Skyscraper.
此外还有渔业、灌溉冲积农业、畜牧业、商业和尤以食糖产业有名的工业。
Go-Daigo wanted to rule Japan himself.
The steel deck has room for two lanes of traffic and a walk way for people on both sides.
James Arthur Osmond (born April 16, 1963) is an American singer, actor, and businessman.
Jasper asks the players to look inside both of the golden balls, to make sure they know which one is which.
The population divided by gender was 48.9% male and 51.1% female.
She also produces the show.
Aynı zamanda da; denge kuvveti sağlayan bir iyileştirme tedavisidir.
In Contesting the Future of Nuclear Power (2011) Sovacool says that "energy efficiency programs and renewable power technologies are better than nuclear power plants".
There were also arguments over whether or not to take power from the Tsar and give it to more ordinary people.
If you collect 100 or 200 Rings, you get a life.
到了80年代后期，叛乱组织已经基本佔領哈尔格萨，卻隨後遭到了政府军的連日空袭。
社会福利和社会保障界（32名）
Most of this growth was in New England.
Yiyecek arama genellikle günlük olarak idare edilir.
All the Pretty Horses as a 2000 movie with the same name.
Djukić started her career at Jedinstvo Aida in Tuzla.
Vanthal Sridevi is the story of a small town girl, Sridevi (Ananya), who escapes her cruel family through an inconvenient marriage to a man named Sidharth (Nandhan Loganadhan) and her struggles thereafter.
'ın ulusal şampiyonada aldığı 38 tane 6.0 puandan sonra ulaşılmış en fazla sayıdır.
The edicts and caves of Ambukuthimala and other evidences state that the place is as old as the beginning of the New Age Civilisation.
Heliobacteria are also members of the class Clostridia.
The player also gets an “Empire View” that shows the player all details on every planet including ships, defenses, resources, and energy.
It got to number 80 on the same chart.
A final vote on his nomination took place on May 23, 2013, where he was confirmed 97-0. citation citation citation He received his commission on May 24, 2013.
Abu Sufyan, third leader of Mecca in Muhammad's lifetime, tried to resume the truce, but Muhammad politely refused the offer.
The population was 326 at the 2010 census.
目前最普遍的傳說內容為：過去鄭成功帶兵經過劍潭當地時，
从17世纪开始，俄国人一般将塔里木盆地一带称为“小布哈拉” citation : 31-32 。
It has one of the largest financial endowments of any Australian university, standing at $1.105bn as of 2008.
However, these phenomena don't last for more than 2 to 5 days on average.
In 2010 the Deliberative Council of the Coronel Rosales Municipality declared it "Architectural, Historical and Cultural Heritage".
He left the kingdom in 1448.
During this, the actions of Pte.
The decision ended Sompote's bid to continue his enterprise, and the court gave Sompote 30 days to stop gaining money from Ultraman.
贝林下令在8月26日进行另一次行动，
In many cases a reign lasts until the monarch (or leader) resigns, dies, or is removed.
所有者密码可以被许多通常可用的PDF破解软件移除，包括一些自由的在线服务。
There were a total of 51 matches played, three fewer than at the 2003 World Cup.
一項犯罪否嚴重，應當以「最高刑期」來計算。
Many hotels or guesthouses declined people who had addresses in Wuhan.
由於此作與戀愛育成式遊戲無異，圖片附以文字，玩家只是透過遊戲選項來進行故事，因此得到好壞參差的評價。
At the end of the movie, the vehicle is struck by lighting and Doc is sent to 1885.
，成為眾矢之的的臺灣省專賣局則在同月26日改組為臺灣省菸酒公賣局，直接隸屬臺灣省政府，專賣項目縮減為菸、酒兩類，
Derin analjeziye post-operatif periyotda da kalıcı olan ya da nüks edebilen belirgin solunum depresyonu eşlik edebilir.
However, efforts are being made to reintroduce them back into the country.
Asian elephants are different from African elephants.
Usually, it is said that Erasmus swapped the words when he translated, so Pandora's jar became Pandora's box.
Between 300-500 species of bryozoans live on the reef system.
It was a book Lovelace wrote about being a porn actress.
In 1800, the year of Watt’s retirement, the firm made a total of forty-one engines.
This led to the development of private communities that were intended to be sold or rented out to returning soldiers, resulting in an economic boom.
Foulfellow is the major antagonist.
The song is also about Charlie Hudson.
The Atlantic Ocean is bounded on the west by North and South America.
Some logarithmic scales were designed such that large values (or ratios) of the underlying quantity correspond to small values of the logarithmic measure.
Nash did not complete all the detailed designs himself; in some instances, completion was left in the hands of other architects.
Vitamin D is synthesised by the action of sunlight on skin.
They can teach people how to find books and use the library.
While in a burrow, Fiver passes out as too many visions come to him at once.
To achieve this, IP includes methods and structures for putting tags (address information, which is part of metadata) within datagrams.
Buddhists also often get money from the government.
There are five or more different ways of doing 'around the world'.
After offering to buy the territory, Polk moved US troops into a place that Mexico said was not in Texas but in the Mexican state of Coahuila.
Brain was made principal horn player in both.
The first written reference of the lion as a symbol of the King and, therefore, of the kingdom, is in the Chronica Adefonsi Imperatoris.
The place where there is a black hole can be found by tracking the movement of stars that orbit somewhere in space.
Timo Glock remained as a driver and scored the teams highest finish(a 12th in Singapore).
，不過也有很多黑道人士並非持續犯罪，而是與政府私下合作的形式進行地下管理，投資與招商等非官方事業形成一種線民。
Dört şehirden (İstanbul, Ankara, Konya ve Bursa) 12 takımın katıldığı lig, deplasmanlı normal lig + Play-Off usulüne göre oynandı.
Occupation by the Romans ended between 400 and 450.
It was known as Salisbury from its foundation on September 12, 1890 until April 18, 1982.
The channel was launched on 18 April 2017 replacing Animax.
He did not sue Jackson because Jackson died in 2009.
The Oregon Trail is this nation’s longest graveyard.
It is at 51° 05 North, 04° 22 East.
British Eighth Army.
Stephenson has never given any interviews and was rarely seen in public, although he did make an appearance at BotCon 2001.
The body louse lives in clothing, and diverged from head lice about 107,000 years ago.
It houses also the headquarter for the Chinese Islamic Cultural and Educational Foundation.
The Prime Minister advises the President on the appointment of the other Ministers.
，逕付二讀是最優先選擇，但如果國民黨團堅持付委，只要答應週五（5月2日）前完成立法，民進黨團可不再堅持；也願退讓修改核四公投通過門檻，同意停建票須超過1/4公民總數，將近500萬票。
Japonlar, kayıp sayısının tırmanması ve topçu depolarının tükenmesi yüzünden 25 Temmuz'da saldırından geri çekildi.
，苏联政权在乌兹别克斯坦的统治地位宣告结束，伊斯兰教原教旨主义并未像許多人所預料的那樣信奉者高漲，
When Polyphemus tried to eat it, it tasted well.
He was married to Carmen Paull from 1976 until they divorced in 1996.
Home was unusal in being a PM for nearly two weeks while Parliament was sitting while he was without a seat in either chamber.
Toland, The Rising Sun: The Decline and Fall of the Japanese Empire, 1936–1945 The original assassination plan had included killing Chaplin who had arrived in Japan on 14 May 1932, at a reception for Chaplin, planned by Prime Minister Inukai.
Kontact'ın içinde yer alan her bağımsız bileşen Kontact altında birbirleriyle uyum içinde çalışmaktadır.
Elder Zosima believes in a kind and just Jesus, who loves people very dearly and cares for them so much that he died for them.
A person who has copyright can choose which one they want to use when they publish their work.
Dr. Jenner choses to stay in the CDC and die in the explosion.
English translations of 143 Greek verse fables by Babrius, 126 Latin verse fables by Phaedrus, 328 Greek fables not extant in Babrius, and 128 Latin fables not extant in Phaedrus (including some medieval materials) for a total of 725 fables.
Two of those books are called Castle Conquer and The Flying Swans.
，因此兩隊是雙方的主要競爭對手。
上海市历史文化风貌区和保护建筑地图.
，及周恩来捎来的三张当年西柏坡中共中央旧址照片。
Rather, it stands for a number of health problems that all show in the same ways.
The municipality has three villages Küssnacht, Immensee, and Merlischachen, the hamlet Haltikon, the industrial area Fänn, and the alp Seeboden.
Yeo Village became Yeovil over time.
He lives in a shack in the grounds of Springfield Elementary.
時隔一年，她發布一張腿部傷痕累累的照片，稱爬山時意外失足滑落受傷。
بلادي رُم) ya da Bilâdu’r-Rûm Gök, H. İbrahim (2011).
The idea of absolute rest did not work when objects move very fast (at the speed of light, or light speed).
They have with a long, narrow, slit-like opening.
The Swiss confectioner (someone who makes sweets) makes more than 200 types of confections and pastries.
Nowadays, ice cream comes with different flavors, shapes, colours and textures.
Okul hayatı boyunca pek çok tarzda ressamı tanıma fırsatı buldu.
He thought that only integers existed.
Changing it later on may be difficult and expensive.
The disease began to spread in the country was on 9 March in the Stockholm region.
US Department of War.
Andrew Gower is head of development.
巴基斯坦没有禁止基于性取向的歧视或骚扰的民权法。
He is a founding member of the rock band Puhdys.
The most common way to do this is to transplant skin from one part of a person to another place on the same person.
He was the richest person in the world from 2010 to 2013.
Finally, he shows the nest to females, in effort to attract a mate.
"Simpson Gets Past Ada", The Salina Journal, 7 March 1954, p.20.
It also receives water from several coastal sources, which keeps its water level relatively stable even during the longest periods of drought.
Several cameras-either movie or professional video cameras-are employed on the test simultaneously record or broadcast a scene.
It reached No.1 in the Austrian chart.
大約4、5歲左右，為了就讀伊甸學園而謊稱是6歲。
，“新耶路撒冷”一词仅出现了两次：
The first match of the night had Jack Swagger fight Matt Hardy for the ECW Championship.
，因此于1968年下达《关于尧化门编组站和徐州枢纽设计的通知》，
On September 22, 1862, Lincoln said that in 100 days, he would free all slaves in areas not then under Union control.
期後在警方清場期間，一批已離開會議廳的示威者重返會議廳，呼籲四名留守人士離開並高呼「要走一齊走！
If Mario is big and he hits a question block that has a power-up, a fire flower will come out.
”电力机车为原型车，开发研制的大功率交流传动干线货运用六轴电力机车，采用交—直—交流电传动、“ONIX”IGBT水冷轴控牵引变流器、“Agate”微机网络控制系统、变频异步牵引电动机，单轴功率为1600千瓦，额定总功率为9600千瓦，最高运行速度为120公里/小时。
Leonardo's parents were not married.
He was also writing a book "Mangalsutra" which would never be completed.
包括吴耀星、梁淑贤、附近顾客在外的10余人倒在血泊中，梁淑贤重伤身亡，吴耀星本人重伤 citation 。
The walls of Tartarus crumble and the Titans are unleashed.
Wright on beş yaşındayken, The Voodoo of Hell's Half-Acre isimli ilk öyküsünü yazdı.
At his death, the title was not passed on, because of the lack of direct descendants.
İstasyon yıl boyunca çok düşük sıcaklık rejimleri ile dikkat çekiyor.
Today, 98% of secretaries are women, according to the US Census.
The tadpoles can be 4.6 cm long.
When the switch is turned on, a 2,000 volt current goes through the convict.
It was narrow and very bumpy.
Little grows on them.
He told the would-be author “to search for that simplicity of manners, and innocence of behaviour, which has been often known among mere savages; ere they were corrupted by our commerce” (Advice to an Author, Part III.
由于共产主义认定无神论，常被指控对宗教进行压迫。
It ranges from approximately 40°N in the northwestern Atlantic to 40°S in the southwestern Atlantic, and 50°N in the northeastern Atlantic to 32°S in the southeastern Atlantic.
The role played by parish councils varies.
Nöbet, üç başlık ile sınıflandırılır: hafif (mild), orta (moderate) ve (sosyal ve mesleki yaşamda gözle görülür etkileri olan) ağır (severe).
He was a member of the Alaska House of Representatives from 1967 to 1977.
Fishermen were also ordered to stay on land.
France was also unable to import the inferior German graphite pencil substitute.
交流道型式為鑽石型，在2000年12月22日通車、2013年9月12日立體化，
Line of Succession: Heraldry of the Royal Families of Europe.
He was one of the lawyers of the Rote Armee Fraktion (RAF) terrorists in the Stammheim trial.
Goh was one of the most prominent tournament promoters in the country during the 80s and 90s.
Hizmetçi konumundaki cariyeler ve padişahın eşi durumundaki cariyeler.
There are only two useable routes, both of which are quite difficult.
He films Austin's music videos and is Austin's best friend.
So he lived by himself herding cattle and farming.
Soon, Riordan had told him all the stories.
The Test of English for International Communication (TOEIC) is meant to measure English skills in everyday workplace activities.
" Many other cities have grown in the same way.
The sun and fire worshiping Hunes took the glory of school of art and Buddhism gradually disappeared from Northern Pakistan.
In 1964, Pakistan signed the Regional Cooperation for Development (RCD) Pact with Turkey and Iran, when all three countries were closely allied with the U.S., and as neighbors of the Soviet Union, wary of perceived Soviet expansionism.
後發表《劉向歆父子年譜》一書，
In 1621, another short-lived kingdom of Daliang was established there.
It was rare for women to sail in those days.
He was chairman and Global CEO of The Vitol Group, the world's largest independent energy trader.
The rocks might have been abandoned when an Ashford Black Marble manufacturer moved in the 1880s.
A major source of the problem is that they are not able to remember the past, or think about the future - so every decision is decided only on the basis of the present time.
The movie was directed by Richard Fleischer.
Because of this Cantonese people in China and in other countries try to have some during the New Year holidays.
Marriage ends with the death of either person.
Supercells impacted Illinois with large hail and strong winds, and possible tornadoes.
、海峽衛視《有夢出頭天》市場觀察團（第6～9集）
It is published by Activison.
L. v. alpina is much rarer.
，他出版了《大恐怖：三十年代斯大林的大清洗》。
The simplest shuttles, known as "stick shuttles", are made from a flat, narrow piece of wood with notches on the ends to hold the weft yarn.
The last eruption from Jingū seamount was 55 million years ago.
This operation is called a tonsillectomy.
It is the second-oldest operating amusement park in the United States.
，並且和工人運動開始結合 citation 。
In 1990, GURPS became the focus of a Secret Service investigation when an as yet unreleased GURPS Cyberpunk game supplement was misconstrued by the Secret service as being a handbook for computer crime.
龐壽峯（1902年8月17日－1982年6月12日），字嶽之。
In comparison, it is about 10% older than the Sudbury Basin impact (at 1.849 billion years).
六个国家的不同大学授予他荣誉博士学位。
A clause is a sentence within a sentence.
》（2014年） citation 和《
Citadels were not always built to keep away a city's enemies.
Three types of figures are common – the standing nude youth (kouros, plural kouroi), the standing draped girl (kore, plural korai), and the seated woman.
Jackson' was an acoustic guitar song that I was doing at home.
汤姆森成为了团队的科学顾问，怀特豪斯担任首席电工，main爵士担任首席工程师。
富尔兹在第一场结束时以五比三领先前世界冠军希金斯，双方竞争激烈，第二场打成七平后最终由富尔兹以十比九晋级 citation 。
Graphing a quadratic equation makes it is very easy to find the roots, but it is not always convenient.
Tsongkhapa said that these two aspects of the spiritual path, compassion and insight into wisdom, must be rooted in a big wish for liberation driven by a genuine sense of renunciation.
The game started to be developed in early 2012.
It was called “
Other countries began to copy Belgium and pull their soldiers out of Rwanda.
，面積116平方公里，2008年人口8,766，人口密度每平方公里75人。
These often use blood transfusion.
Adams ran in the special election to replace him, and won.
So I asked if there was anything I could do to stay in the band and they said no.
It can run at high speed, without the leaping and bounding seen in other gazelles.
In later life, a process called demyelination can occur, causing poor neural function.
Shingles is a viral disease produced by the varicella zoster virus (VZV), the same virus that causes chicken pox.
She won a Slammy Award in 2010 for Best Use of Exercise Equipment.
Today, GD 165B is recognized as the prototype of a class of objects now called "L dwarfs".
，於是又派使者帶著三百人出使建康，
Secretary and a Colonial Secretary, but all three are now joined into one.
In 1859, Brahms settled in Hamburg.
These include festivals dedicated to Annapurna such as Annakuta and those related to Durga.
June Fennelly,Decies Journal, No. XXVI, 1984, p.17 In 1814 big changes took place when Alexander Nimmo commenced work on the new harbour at Dunmore.
He is 31 years old.
Workshops, where children can have fun making thing, for example, Christmas cards.
这个过程中，他产生了自己研制生产盘式磁带录音机的想法。
，称“这七人中有六人是红卫兵学生。
Yapıtları oradaki toplu sergilerde yer aldı.
The previous cigarette would be used to light the next one.
Barron initially thinks Emily should seek psychiatric help, but is later convinced when he receives a strange phone call in his home from Lillith.
TAG Group (Holdings) S.A. generates revenue through its various subsidiaries that offer products and services in the business aviation, motorsports, hospitality, consumer products and real estate industries.
'nı patlaması olduğu düşünülen bir betimleme açığa çıkarılmıştır.
It was created in November 15th, 1908 in Niterói, a city from Rio de Janeiro, by Zélio de Morais and a Spirit called Caboclo das Sete Encruzilhadas.
S-cedilla, T-cedilla and a cedilla illustrated with a comma in Ortografia limbei române published by the Romanian Academy in 1895.
伊東是個非常害羞的女孩，從沒看自己演的成人影片 citation 。
The Pope's wooden staff has burst into bloom.
Aragon ve Katalan eyaletleri 1137 yılında Barcelona Kontu IV.
Check and (Historical Dictionary of Switzerland) or (redirect to the same; from the German title Historisches Lexikon der Schweiz).
Hocamın ne kadar haklı olduğunu hadiseler ispat etti.
The Village School is officially recognized by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Secondary Schools and certified by the New York State Education Department.
Because of rising sea levels 10,000 years ago, Tasmania was separated from the Australian mainland by Bass Strait which the dingo never crossed.
The penthouse was used for offices of the Hogg family businesses.
He was the host of the first sports talk radio show in history.
Though the two terms are not etymologically or historically related, they serve similar purposes and indicate the universal importance of large fires.
The aria is sung by the main character, Xerxes I of Persia.
His brain is expected to be donated for research at Boston University.
They had eight children.
In 1984, the government approved the construction of the Eastern Harbour Crossing, a tunnel to be used by cars and MTR trains.
The color code is as follows: yellow (<10% of children working), green (10–20%), orange (20–30%), red (30–40%) and black (>40%).
Cauchy was able to give examples of where this did not work, and called the assumptions that the earlier mathematicians made, the generality of algebra.
It will study solar wind and space weather.
It is the knowledge and experience which most people have, or should have.
随后7月1日五届全国人大二次会议通过7部重要法律 citation 。
珠算式心算在二十世紀九十年代之前的中国大陆被称为珠脑速算、珠脑结合计算法等，后改名珠心算。
Norton Internet Security version 1.0 for Mac was released November 1, 2000.
Their marriage lasted until his death in 2012.
Geri kalan planörler zarar görmeden iniş yaptı.
They reach the brain and start working in a minute or less.
塔身位于基座之上，是塔的主体，形式多样，是区分塔式样的主要依据。
School is suspended in the wake of the murders.
Software not ready yet for the unstable distribution is typically placed in the experimental repository.
Also, some schools have banned it (this means that made it against the rules to play it), because players can get hurt when playing the game.
当天两军之间爆发了一些小战斗，主要是骑兵之间，此外没有发生大规模的战斗。
The mesh is smaller and can capture more forms of animals.
He thought it could easily take the place of Faune.
Like the electromagnetic force's positive and negative charges, different colours attract, and the same colours repel.
Matt Damon doesn't sing the song but his singing voice was done by the lead of Lustra.
She is as talented as her father, who is also a painter.
It controls how much light enters the camera box.
She also served as the first chairman of the U.N. Human Rights Commission.
In 1850 he was sent to St Gregory's College at Downside near Bath.
In 2001 there were 1167 people living in Hatfield Broad Oak.
He is writing on Cricket and other Sports, Social Issues, Films, Humor, Travel and Tourism etc. from 1980.
），但同時會有大幅度的晝夜溫度，在幾乎沒雨的夏季時，白天尤其炎熱。
After a bankruptcy is filed, creditors are notified that they are to stop trying to collect money directly from the debtor and are to make claims for payment to the bankruptcy court.
The Oxford exam tests writing and reading.
克謹禮法，孝侍舅姑，泾国夫人韩氏所鍾愛。
阿姆贝乔盖（Ambejogai），
大、中赶缯船均是双桅、双舵、双铁锚。
Usually, more than one snake will live in one den.
"So I'm writing some scripts to try to track things a whole lot faster."
Bowell resigned at the end of the parliamentary session.
Sobolev spaces was introduced by Russian mathematician Sergei Sobolev in 1930s.
In that case, the bill becomes law even though the president vetoed it.
Zaviye 1478'de yeniden restore edilmiştir.
However, sceptics noticed that theories were often not discarded when a prediction was refuted.
New Evidence from Postmoratorium Panel Data.
，河道全長270公里，流域面積約3,000平方公里。
大里區的小吃種類繁多，包括大里鹹菜、草湖芋仔冰、樹王水甕菜、竹仔坑無頭筍、涼傘樹肉圓、偉多立大里杙鹹菜餅、禾玖香酥煎包、提督府牛肉麵、⽵仔坑大麵焿、三點一刻奶茶，以及以九尾草為主要烹煮食材的阿志九尾台雞等 : 555－557 : 29 ，品牌店家則有大里起家的星野銅鑼燒、生產太陽餅與鳳梨酥等產品的百年老店顏新發餅舖 citation : 30 。
At different times the Division included various army units.
In 1996, the format was changed to the current set-up.
Then the black man falls to the ground.
Stravinsky: chronicle of a friendship, revised and expanded edition.
After graduating as a switchboard operator and entering the world of work, she took part in the VII Summer Paralympic Games in New York and won a bronze and a silver medal in the 400 and 800 meters.
Bir Gürcü yerleşimi olan köyün bu adı Türkçeye Trapen olarak girmiştir.
The headache became worse then Hephaestus split his head open and Athena came out full grown and with armor on.
Names are currently assigned in sequence from list A, while list B is a list of names that will replace names on list A that are retired.
He won five of them.
Theodore Long made a Battle Royal for the vacant title.
Lilja's Library: The World of Stephen King.
They are sometimes used though when it is busy to let the system carry more passengers.
LeBrock became pregnant.
In his last years Smetana became totally deaf.
He was Minister of Justice of the German Empire from 1893 to 1909.
Kusunoki's life and death are an important part of the historical narrative which is recorded in the Taiheiki.
The ANC calls itself a force of national liberation in the post-apartheid era; it officially defines its umbrella agenda as the National Democratic Revolution.
" or in school buildings.
He became the SPD leader for Württemberg in 1928.
One way to do this is by applying to contests that magazines run.
Consider the arrangement of rectangles shown in the figure to the right.
They call themselves the "Dakelh / Dakelh-ne" (ᑕᗸᒡ), which means "people who travel by boat early in the morning."
岩兵在中堂，興宗勸以此眾舉事，曰：『當今以領軍威名，率此為朝廷唱始，事便立克。
They used to be put together in a group, the Pulmonata.
該站在2011年1月7日開通運營。
He was the second child and eldest son of the Count George of Sternberg (December 10, 1888 Prague - July 27, 1965 Bruneck) and his wife (married April 6, 1921 Chotělice) Countess Kunigunde of Mensdorff-Pouilly (January 11, 1899 - November 19, 1989).
And on May 4th 2013, it was done.
The U.S. also has several smaller political parties known as third parties.
Arsenal are also the team who have gone the longest in the Premier League without being relegated.
在Wiki軟體的協助之下每個條目除了有編輯頁面之外，同時也會擁有相對應的「討論」頁面，而維基百科的主要社群成員便會在此相互討論，同時藉由「用戶對話頁」也能夠聯絡到特定的維基百科用戶。
Daughter Michelle, who was a few months old at the time, stayed with her mother.
He considered Rev. Dale Turner "a mentor and an inspiration".
Her best known works are Throwaway Angels, Your Mouth Is Lovely and The Imposter Bride.
工作之余，安迪还坚持每周致信州议会，要求拨款改善老朽的监狱图书馆。
He stayed on in England to earn some more money.
背面呈青灰色，腹面銀白色、胸鰭基部金黃色。
，蒙達明的面積為1.17平方千米，當中陸地面積為1.17平方千米，而水域面積為0.00平方千米。
，是為了讓時速超過convert而開始的研究。
Many different groups and individuals have been involved in demonstrations and protests over the years.
Sometimes parents are happy to swim nude with other adults.
Sharmell screamed and immediately left the match running to backstage.
Seilacher thought few if any of the forms belonged to living phyla.
She was never married and had no children.
然而，人類文化中存在著對飲食的選擇，即偏愛、避免或禁止食用特定食物的行為。
The private side can be much warmer than the public side, especially near the discharge point.
Applied Numerical Analysis with Mathematica.
Because the indigenous people Wills played with as a child would have played Marn Grook, Wills would have been influenced by this game when creating the rules for Australian Rules Football.
There are also many hallenkirke (or hall-churches) which have no clerestorey windows.
If the number is 8 this is called an “eight foot stop”.
，切换并在其正确的逻辑电平上保持稳定，从而使整个电路系统的行为合乎预设。
Sometimes foreign countries help one side, or different countries help different sides.
When the floating material comes in, it gets stuck in slimy mucus that is on the surface of the bivalve's gills.
小說表明唐朝興起乃是天意，對英雄豪傑的命運難料也流露同情和感慨，書中人物並非善惡分明，當中以秦叔寶的經歷和心理描寫得最精采細致。
They also have a strong sense of unity.
Around 8:20pm members of a crowd waiting to speak to a police officer set fire to two police cars. citation The next day people rioted in other areas of London.
Every few turns, each character must participate in a mini-game.
It was distributed by Fox Film.
Imprint of a fossilized root found near the cliffs at Joggins, Nova Scotia.
台72線東西向快速道路通車後，汶水老街的車潮不再，成為適合遊客徒步行走的老街。
Duplex slide rules often duplicate some of the scales on the back.
Several influential people felt the town ought to be named "Wengert" after a local businessman.
TV series Chicago Fire.
A simulation of a napalm explosion at an air show in 2003.
软件的开源吸引了不少开发者，Dolphin也得以定期更新发布。
He was a runner, one of the most dangerous jobs on the Front. citation That means he ran from one position to another one to carry messages.
His wife Mary died and he married Sarah, a widow from Leiden.
情緒症狀是躁狂症，輕躁狂，混合型發作，或抑鬱症，並且往往是週期性的而不是連續的。
It is different from other sans-serif typefaces, because it is light and has more open letters.
The group recorded an album that was never released.
His company worked in the textile sector.
The episode has the first appearance of "
It is possible to do this for Egyptian chronology.
It was also very loud.
However, because of the rules she was not allowed to do so.
Then he returned to Finland in June 1945.
This line does not require the extra fee, and has proved very successful.
Bu çiftlik sonraları Aydın (Nazilli) tarafından gelen bir aile tarafından alınmıştır.
，體重61kg，三圍：88/60/89 小說第1卷「Character file.04」，187頁。
A concert band can be divided into four groups; Professional bands, Military bands, School bands, and Community bands.
The word texture means: what things are made of and how they feel.
Impressionist painters were able to learn from photographs.
當亂世再臨之際，為了討回龍的驕傲，以及將之前所受的屈辱加倍奉還，因此向三成提出了挑戰。
No general way exists to predict how many extra digits will have to be carried to compute a transcendental expression and round it correctly to some preassigned number of digits.
In that year, legislation changed them to April.
盾牌底部的綠色部分則繪有三塊連貫一起的金色楓葉，代表加拿大 。
This is because a lot of molecular biology techniques rely on DNA sequencing, so whenever the results of an experiment are published, the genetic information of the subject used is also put on full display.
Some of these are "A Hanging" (1931) and "Shooting an Elephant" (1936).
He played in the 1970s and 1980s.
Equal provincial membership in the Senate, thus, balances the provincial inequality in the National Assembly and dispels doubts and apprehension, if any, regarding deprivation and exploitation.
和晶談論戀愛話題之類的「女高中生交談」時顯得很活躍。
"Summer in the City" is a very popular song about summer.
It also changes the look of the health and weapon meters, as well as the weapon screen, for the first three games.
There are roughly 40 members aged 7 to 16. They go to different schools in South London.
He married Lady Panga Tammasak.
It became a classic in later years.
Production dates back to the 11th century.
Spottedleaf stands up for herself against the predator Thistleclaw.
共登记开放宗教活动62场所处，其中天主教堂点13处，基督新教教堂点36处，佛教寺庵7处，道教宫观3处。
As of 2016, 168 people lived there.
In 1995, Guo went to the Fourth World Conference on Women in Beijing.
Building an emergency plan: a guide for museums and other cultural institutions.
The Pillow Book became very well-known during the Heian period.
Beni inşaallah sabredenlerden bulacaksın." dedi.
Hutter is welcomed at a castle by Count Orlok.
This Special Branch together with five other ones form together the Army Medical Department (AMEDD).
They call this "
Imagine an electric field E passing through a surface.
It may represent an earlier occurrence of this group, at about 140 million years ago.
His first attempt in July 1906 did not work.
The Swedish Royal Family have lived at the Drottningholm Palace since 1981.
It was broadcast from the Aragon Ballroom in Venice Beach.
He was the President of the Parliament of Moldova between 2010 and 2013.
Fistees is another form of fisting.
He played many matches as defensive midfielder from 2019 and was selected "J.
There is a legend, the legend of Sangkuriang which tells the origin of Tangkuban Parahu.
Aisha spent the next nine years of her life with Muhammad, she remembered all that she saw and heard with great clarity, and reported a great deal of Muhammad's narrations.
He was known as "The Deputy Sheriff", Foster was one of the greatest light heavyweight champions in boxing history.
"One of numerous camp meetings held throughout South Jersey in the late 19th century, the Grove was named for Rev. Charles Pitman, a noted Methodist evangelist who died in 1854.
Class 419 Motor Luggage Vans (or MLV) were built from 1951-61 by BR at Eastleigh Works.
Ayrıca 9 Ağustos 1921 yılında halktan oluşan birlikler ile gönderilen bölüğün başına Binbaşı Şevki Bey getirildi.
John Rosselli, "Castrato" article in The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians, 2001.
，為期1個賽季 citation 。
Plağın arka yüzündeki King of Twilight Nektar adlı grubun bir bestesidir.
另据托内利回忆，莫斯科奥运会夺冠前克里就一直忙着打扮，声称澳大利亚队虽然胜算渺茫，但未来的雇主可能就在看比赛，所以他必须保持光彩照人。
They created the Indian Civil Service for administering rules and regulations.
通过将各种草药浸泡在透明的蒸馏液中对白苦艾酒进行着色。
During the Civil War, Confederate Captain Henry Wirz ran Andersonville.
Most sea snakes are able to breathe through their skin.
He is known for his books The Snow Leopard and In the Spirit of Crazy Horse.
Gordon is married to musician Jeff Russo.
後來民间就借用神话故事为新人祝福。
Oylamanın sonunda on üç ülkeden 47 puan toplayarak on birinci olmuş ve yarı finalde ilk ona giremediği için finale yükselememiştir.
"Qualitative" refers to what is present, while "quantitative" refers to how much is present.
It showed at 23:00/22:00 central.
In 1933, the United States Table Tennis Association, now called USA Table Tennis, was formed.
Maurizio Calvesi (18 September 1927 24 July 2020) was an Italian art critic, historian and essayist.
In "Band-A-Rooney", Liv's band, "The Dream", performs "Say Hey" at the Battle of the Bands.
In 2007, 4,011 people lived there.
外型矮胖，全長約 18 公分，體重約 105 公克 citation 。
按照这种表示方法，基中元素表示为：
茶店鎮，文物遺址年代判定為唐。2002年12月27日公佈為四川省第六批省級文物保護單位 『四川省人民政府關於公布第六批省級文物保護單位和現有省級文物保護單位合併項目的通知』，川府發(2002)23號，2002年12月27日，省政府同意省文化廳提出的第六批省級文物保護單位91處和現有省級文物保護單位合併項目13處，現予公布。
The timing of this series of events is hard to determine; Knoll suggests they developed approximately 1.6–2.1 billion years ago.
He also wrote plays, poetry and non-fiction.
After their official announcement of the delay of Team Fortress 2, Valve stopped releasing information about the game.
Anchovies are concentrated in temperate waters, and are rare or absent in very cold or very warm seas.
She was born near Munich, Germany.
The show made him famous.
Instead, they kept Christianity as their belief.
Parachute Sky Jump boarded one or two standing riders looking forward to the thrill of the drop into baskets beneath a faux parachute canopy.
There was no evidence against this.
》的事前錄制舞台，該集於03月16日播出。
In "Falcon-A-Rooney", "The Power of Two" is performed again by Liv and Ruby for "Sing It Louder!
，伊斯芬迪亞爾竭力周旋於四名奧斯曼王子之中，並小心翼翼的在各勢力間保持平衡與中立的立場 Prof.
、人氣獎；這部韓劇也被觀眾一致評為南韓電視史上最讓人肝腸寸斷的電視劇之一 citation 。
Its start had been delayed while NASA made up its mind to take the lunar-orbit meeting approach and thus require a vehicle like the LM for a landing.
Others who supported Adams and were from Belfast included Jim Gibney, Tom Hartley, and Danny Morrison.
它基于main，可以适用于那些并不和观察结果同样吻合的模型比较。
她的童年在迈锡尼王城度过，史诗中少有记载。
還有一些電子郵件業者提供Tor隱藏網路裡的電子郵件服務。
Kızını İHL'ye kaydettirmek isteyen bir velinin hukuk mücadelesi sonucu Danıştay 11. Dairesinin 14/12/1976 tarih ve 1976/4374 sayılı kararı ile İHL'ye kız öğrenciler alınmaya başlandı.
Tropical Depression Twenty Three-E formed from a disturbance on October 7. In an environment over warm waters (86 °F), it rapidly intensified, reaching Tropical Storm intensity the same day it formed.
Admission to the Mines ParisTech engineering Programme implemented at Mines ParisTech is possible after two/three year scientific undergraduate studies.
第一條相關法律條文是1907年7月《直省官制通則》。
”彻底被毁，因为纳粹担心整个街区都会被烧毁。
It was a single on his album Boy Named Sue (and His Other Country Songs).
'ı yağmalayıp kız kardeşleri Turan hükümdarı Ercâsb tarafından esir alınınca, kız kardeşlerini kurtarması için babası tarafından serbest bırakılır.
旋後關索戰敗被俘，兩造互生愛意，但礙於敵對身份，雙方只得私訂婚約。
These third party controllers were mostly considered a cheap alternative.
The audience interacts with the performers in many ways.
Whenever Pakistan's folk culture and life will be talked about, the name of Ustad (ustad means a maestro) Allah Baksh will stand out prominently.
流量获得成本（traffic acquisition costs、簡稱TAC）应当是维护网站流量所需的成本。
Almost 8 years of his birth, The Round began to be known widely, with songs like "love versus lethal Bluebeard," "The beast pop" or "Yum fri fruli fali fruit."
The couple had four sons.
》，起初每周2，4，6出版，1873年起，改为日报，比《循環日報》早一年 。
Sneakers were originally for sporting use, although today they are used as casual footwear.
The movement of electric charge is called current in an electric circuit.
At times, there has been some progress.
，常以右壳顶部固着在岩石或珊瑚礁上。
The enemy demon lord responsible for making Kikyo hate Inuyasha.
在2003年的伊拉克作戰行動中美軍共發射918枚小牛飛彈。
Hurricane Mitch left $92 million in damage and killed 7 people.
This enabled the train to set the UK rail speed record of 162.2 mph in December 1979, a record that stood for 23 years.
In "Looniverse Adrift", the first net.
The 747 Advanced used some things from the 787 to make the 747's design more modern.
It is a wick lamp with the flame enclosed inside a mesh screen.
The Nazis later used one of these pesticides to kill their prisoners.
How has it done this?
'da bir üniversitenin personelini taşıyan otobüsün 300 metrelik uçurumdan yuvarlanması sonucu 30 kişi öldü.
He wrote the 1989 crime movie Street of No Return.
The parish capital is Lucea.
He was not able to get this, but in 1809 three rich aristocrats: the Archduke Rodolph, Prince Lobkowitz and Prince Kinsky gave him an income for the rest of his life on condition that he stayed in Vienna.
It was televised on 31 March 1957.
He is suspended from competitive games for four months.
Based on the original The Voice of Holland, and the part of the The Voice franchise, it has aired four series and aims to feature young aspiring singers.
People use phone books to look up the phone numbers of people and places when they need to call them.
He came to the UK, where he got a job as a zoo keeper at John Aspinall's zoo at Howletts, where he perfected his skills of primate rehabilitation and care, in 1980.
On top is a convert wide fairing covering the spacecraft during launch.
Diplomasını 1988 yılında Sosyal felsefe „ Özel hayat fotoğrafçılığı“ alanında yapar.
In March 2006, ETA declared a permanent ceasefire and expressed to join the political process.
Nakaratında da "Yatcaz kalkcaz / Yatcaz kalkcaz / Yatcaz kalkcaz / Hop ordayım / Dağlar, bayırlar, o uzun yollar / Hepsi hikâye, firardayım" şeklinde geçen adı, "çocuklara zaman kavramını kolay yoldan anlatmak için kullanılan" bir ifadedir.
Even our widespread love of pet animals may be explained by their improving our survival in a prehistoric past.
But as the number of tourists at Uluṟu rose, there were conflicts between tourists and Aṉangu.
Sovyetler Birliği ise Finlandiya’ya saldırması yüzünden Milletler Cemiyeti’nden atılmıştı.
It was still selling well by the time the Sierra replaced it in 1982, but stocks of the Cortina continued for a while afterwards.
」运轿完成后，新娘才能上轿。 citation 此举目的也是为辟邪。
The Douglas Sea Scale and Douglas Wind Scale are similar, but they separate the sea from the wind.
To sponsor something is to support an event, activity, person, or organization.
They did not leave many artefacts or monuments.
Several guns were redesigned because of this.
和龍騎展開對決中逃跑，再度出面時被前者的「龍爪火」重傷，最後仍被龍騎的Final Vent「龍騎士踢」擊敗。
Maakhir is an unrecognized state of Somalia.
He fathered as many as six children, two of whom he is alleged to have abused.
Poulenc composed about 90 songs for him.
The town grew more with the opening of the South Devon Railway in 1846.
Hamilton was clearly excited and overcome with emotion.
However, visible light observations show that the total amount of material in the arcs has remained approximately steady, but they are dimmer in the infra-red where previous observations were taken.
It was given to Hugh Grosvenor, 3rd Marquess of Westminster.
。1989年获全国老有所为精英奖 。
Jane's skull is almost exactly the same as the skull of the original Nanotyrannus specimen, which means they are the same species.
More than 40 people ruled in the 40 years after the country became independent.
He was inducted into the United States Hall of Fame in 1973.
Kültürler arasındaki çeşitliliğin bireylerin görüşlerine nasıl yansıdığını tam manasıyla kavrayabilmek için daha fazla araştırma yapılmalıdır.
Dartmouth is on a rural 269-acre (1.1 km²) campus in the Upper Valley region of New Hampshire.
That was one month before the shootings of President Kennedy and Officer Tippit.
，题记曰：“晋人真迹惟二王尚有存者，
，再切條風乾，經油炸後，即成米果，
The Nutcracker becomes a human prince.
The external root sheath appears empty with cuboid cells when stained with H&E stain.
A leaf is composed of a number of leaflets, all set in a circle around a central stem and stretching out horizontally, like the ribs of an umbrella.
The Spanish only had short-range cannons, while the English had long-range cannons.
康德哲学理论的一个基本出发点是，
It can also be a person someone wants to make suffer as revenge for something.
He moved to Port Arthur, Ontario to work in a car dealership.
The term cold buffet (see Smörgåsbord) has been developed to describe buffets lacking hot food.
This will mean the product can put the Fairtrade symbol on their packaging if they earn the certificate.
It was very popular during the 1990s.
Calligraphy came to Japan in the 3rd century BC from China (
'Hits' can only be scored by hitting the target area with the point of the sword.
It lead to the single Number Nine (lang), which made it to number five on the Gaon Digital Chart.
But there were no Indians in the commission, this angered many Indian political leaders who lead protests against the commission.
If they are not protected by herd immunity, they can get more sick from an infection.
Whitlam lost the election that was held a month later.
晚8点，一八二师向新七军布防。
虽如是，于一时期间克罗姆福德与高峰铁路确实具有全英国最为剧烈的高差曲线变化，亦有为无蒸汽动力载具而设的铁路中最为陡峭的爬坡。
The character was created by screenwriter Roald Dahl and did not appear in the original Ian Fleming novel.
This helps reduce vibrations of the crankshaft.
分型有利於從過去病史推斷為來的預後，且對未來的治療策略也有重要意義 citation citation citation ：
Its category was changed to province by the Dominican Constitution of 1907.
The first close to sell out crowd came at the 7th meeting, in 2005, when all seats were sold with a further number of fans standing.
截止2008年4月27日，在韩国的观影总人次达到了102万7000名，
航空公司在1994年8月24日由埃爾—哈格家族成立，
Yuriy Gorodnichenko (KSE'2001 graduate) was a young economist № 1 in the world in 2007 according to the RePEc rating.
He played his first season with one of the Cardinals'
它分型的依据是主动脉夹层撕裂的位置和夹层扩展的情况 citation 。
He hires architect Gia Matteo to rebuild it.
The invaders retreated to Korea. citation This was called Bun'ei War (Bunei no eki). citation There was a second invasion attempt by Mongol forces in 1281 (
However his opportunity to play decreased due to injury from 2009.
King Otakar II of Bohemia became the most important prince in Europe.
Bucheon has the Bucheon International Film Festival (PiFAN) in the summer.
It also dissolves in alkali's like sodium hydroxide.
Most letters have their IPA values.
This was 1 day after the Russian Empire's loss against Finland.
Connie de la Vega, Dictionary of International Human Rights Law (Cheltenham, UK: Edward Elgar, 2013), p. 131 It also applies to collective self-defense against attack.
" or sometimes indirectly called "
Before, armies were only formed when there was a war.
Richland Chamber & Development Alliance.
It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1946.
The partnership between the two companies had become tense due to the car's lack of performance.
Developmental structure in brain evolution.
İkinci nesil iPod Shuffle, aynı zamanda ilk nesil iPod Shuffle gibi bir flash sürücü gibi hareket edebildi.
，引發一連串衝突，開始成為兩地人民極為關心的議題。
He wrote over 1000 of these in his 26-year career.
John Francis Dunsworth (April 12, 1946 – October 16, 2017 ) was a Canadian actor.
，兩人就在那裡找理子遺失的戒指，一直到天亮。
I could kill ten men while you're fooling around!"
The actors' voices have been recorded over (
Soul also had a successful career as a singer.
When they skip a lesson, Janice and Damian give her a map of the school eating area.
Subjects of Koya traded in slaves on the coast even against the wishes of the state at times.
之後，2001年11月日本的「
Sloven olan babası 1955'te, Macar olan annesi ise 1956'da Kanada'ya geldi.
Ancak bölgeler arası QNH farkları nedeniyle hava taşıtları arasında emniyetli dikey ayrımı (en az 500 feet) sağlamak güçleşir.
Rosey Brown, American football player and coach (b.
ANS controls all automatic actions.
Ramcharitmanas in the late sixteenth century.
", altı hafta boyunca ABD listesinin zirvesindeki yerini korudu.
Montezooma's Revenge was later opened in 1978 and remains in operation at Knott's Berry Farm.
The tower was completed in May 1973.
The author is famous as the third of the Lake Poets.
The report thinks that up to 4,000 people may die from long term diseases related to the accident.
At one point in the beginning of his career, Torres was a hand and foot model.
This killed him. citation This happened after many angry arguments between them about land claims.
Thor writer/artist Walter Simonson at the April 2008 convention.
He only started to became a regular character upon Kenny's death in season 6. He has since been used almost as regularly as the main four boys.
This award is for writers who give young adults a new way to see the world understand their place in society.
There is support on the island for to have more autonomy, but polls show that a large majority of Corsicans are opposed to full independence.
Smaller inverters often plug into a car's cigarette lighter socket and provide 120 or 240 volt AC power from the car's 12 volt supply.
People in China usually try to be together with their family for at least the first few days of the holiday.
It is the site of one of the earliest European settlements in the United States.
He and another expatriate oversee and run the predominantly Cambodian-manned hospitals.
土卫八的轨道（红色标记）与其他土星大卫星轨道的比较（端视图）
In turn, this changes the sedimentation.
連拿是救十二碼專家，在2003-05年期間，他在聯賽面對13個十二碼，竟然撲出8球，成功率驚人，
The Upper Jurassic of England and Europe bears a huge amount of the products of life.
Kya ends up helping creatures called Nativs.
The DVD featured a two-hour performance, including the entire Damnation album, as well as several songs from Deliverance and Blackwater Park, and a one-hour documentary about the recording of Deliverance and Damnation.
It is about a woman not wanting anything more from her lover than he already gives.
Glaze, glazing: vitreous (glass-like) enamel, or porcelain enamel, is made by fusing powdered glass to a substrate by firing.
Ama 18 Şubat 2015 tarihinde, ANT1 ile yaptıkları görüşmeden sonra Mary Sinatsaki, Yunan Finalinin sunucusu olacağı açıklandı.
There is an epic fight between the zombies and the British, Jack Sparrow and Captain Barbosa (Captain of the Black Pearl), and Will Turner/Elizabeth Swan and some left over zombies.
The historical province of Uusimaa covered a larger area than modern Uusimaa.
，即库页岛朝鲜族不在遣返之列，他们的日本配偶和养子也可以留下，因此一些日本女子选择和他们结婚，或隐姓埋名。
Philip Ruddock, was first elected to the Parliament in 1973.
Between the late 1950s and mid-1960s, Conrad appeared in many movies such as Serious Charge (uncredited), The Boys, Rag Doll, K.I.L. 1 and Konga.
华盛顿交通局的发言人史密斯表示，在得知伦敦发生爆炸后，华盛顿马上采取了行动，严阵以待，防止恐怖分子的袭击。
Whenever they are directly programmed into memory, they are only ever guaranteed to work on the computer they were designed for.
There were some paper makers among the captured soldiers.
;亞曼莎公主（Princess Amentia）
Carter began writing at age 12. She published her first book in 2005, Cheating at Solitaire.
）9月7日 - main長關線駛入至長府站前。
只是，不管再拼命，結果也只能做到「改善」，很難提升到「出色」。
It is also morphologically distinct from later (stegosaurid) forms.
They are found up to convert below the surface of the ocean.
DC third-rail electric units.
Senator Amidala dies after giving birth to their twins.
All songs written and composed by Kevin Shields, except where noted.
从俄共的纲领，竞选技术等方面看，俄共同欧洲左派政党已经没有多少区别。
这一次，他们在他们前任的法律中增加了两项条款，
基督教學系改名神學系；基督教研修學院改名「神學院」。
，杨亚峰带领机队先后转战各地，
他也曾經出演過《緋聞女孩》等電視劇 citation 。
They eventually become filled with sediment.
She was one of the female players who dominated Australian tennis from the mid-1930s to the 1950s.
Bu sırada, mektupların çıktığı tarih damgasına "Mayotte et dépendances" (Mayotte ve bağlılıklar) yazılmıştır; yalnızca gönderenin adresi veya yazışmalar gerçek menşei gösterir.
Other quadrangles at Oxford and Cambridge, however, may be older.
In some parts of Argentina, gas stations sponsored by yerba mate producers provide free hot water to travellers, specifically for the purpose of drinking during the journey.
Şehzade eğitimlerinin değişim geçirdiği dönemler ise dört bölüme ayrılabilir.
His status is below that of Brahma, Vishnu and Siva.
Many of the activities there are called "high adventure".
Mulder and Scully believe that there is a part of the government that is helping the aliens.
In a force play, another infielder catches a ball that has touched the ground, and throws it to the first baseman.
Böylelikle bu spor dünya çapında bir hayran kitlesi yaratmaya başladı.
McReynolds called himself as "a peace movement bureaucrat" during his 40-year career with Liberation magazine and the War Resisters League.
Since that day the city has been called "Civitas Fidelissima", ("The Most Loyal Town" which in Hungarian is "A Leghűségesebb Város").
They tend to be small countries or islands which larger countries have "collected" in the course of their history.
The people of Manitoba elected a legislature.
Then lines are drawn in a similar way; the opposite (or "antipodal") meridian of Greenwich is considered both 180°W(est), and 180°E(ast).
Tamil script replaced the vatteluttu script throughout Tamil Nadu for writing Tamil.
This process is called ammonification.
It has found the shape of a pig through the Chef, who tested his potion, turning all living things into pigs.
The pair reached the final before losing.
例如，員工檔案可能包含了員工編號，姓名，部門代碼和薪資，那麼員工編號在組織中應該是唯一的，並且為主鍵。
Kutch is the largest district of Gujarat while Dang is the smallest.
When the band went from playing old songs to trying out new ones, problems came up.
辛酉乡试六十七名，会试二十三名，廷试三甲二百七十九名。
It gives a sense of volume when modelling three-dimensional (or 3D) figures.
It said, "I've had enough."
He became emperor on 13 October 54, after Claudius died.
Got the words by contacting Chris,Mina, and hoffish peoples of lapland.
His name then becomes Shaheed-e-Azam Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto ("The Great Martyr") or sometimes Quaid-e-Awam (The Leader the Community).
离开前冈萨雷斯，史密瑟斯给了一封信给安德鲁·庞顿，即城镇的市长。
The line symbol used in the station numbering is "SR".
A man whose family name is Romanov would have a son with the family name Romanov and a daughter with the family name Romanova.
The Vietnamese kept using the Latin alphabet even after independence since it was much faster to learn than Chinese characters (chu nom).
：由「正月剪頭思舊」誤傳而來，認為農曆正月理髮，舅舅就會去世。
创办初期，该报以“深度报道”为新闻理念。
After his death English music was not as important as it had been.
由於適逢下課和下班時間，加上當日是雨天，交通擠塞情況比平常更嚴重。
In 2007, she graduated from the Institute of Television by Ostankino Technical Center.
欲界包含人类、欲界天人等众生；色界谓脱离了欲念但仍存在色身（物质身体）的天人居地；无色界则是连色身亦超越了的天人的居地。
In 2012, 133 people lived there.
When she was a teenager, she fell in love with Violet Dickinson and she wrote her lots of love letters.
Division 30 of the American Psychological Association Hypnotic suggestions may be delivered by a hypnotist in the presence of the subject, or may be self-administered ('self-suggestion' or 'autosuggestion').
A similar case can be made for family members who help finance a dependency.
The queen taunts the king while he eats.
The Florida A&M Tallahassee Campus has 132 buildings that spread out over convert.
He is best known as the co-founder and Chief Technology Officer at DoorDash.
The chair of the Kansas Democratic Party is Vicki Hiatt.
It was also the third highest-grossing Indian film of the year.
，接替開發代號「Sea Islands」（
", generally involves placing cards in a layout, and sorting them according to specific rules.
He appeared in more than two hundred television and movie roles from 1955 to 2009.
It is titled The Kacharis.
He was one of the first painters of the 19th century to paint subjects of everyday life in the modern world.
Between the two buildings in the background usually are the stalls.
The assault bridge SPRAT is manufactured by the French company CNIM.
It looks at national policies that may guide the future of the country's production.
They wanted to get rid of Stafford County.
As Daniel was a "sickly (unhealthy) child", his family often let him have whatever he wanted and he didn't have to work on the farm.
Çeliğin ucuzlaması bunun daha yaygın kullanılmasını sağlamıştır.
Bella does not recognize her reflection at first due to her volatile-looking red eyes.
Tiles are dynamic and update in real-time – for example, the tile for an email account would display the number of unread messages or a tile could display a live update of the weather.
The M110 first entered service with the US Army in 1963.
其内含丰富的蛋白质，鲜美可口，营养丰富。
France and Spain, allies of the United States, also signed peace treaties at the same time.
John Mutton (born August 5, 1966) is the founder of Municipal Solutions, an international business development firm.
，大塔鎮區的面積為86.60平方千米，當中陸地面積為81.70平方千米，而水域面積為4.90平方千米。
而且這套全時四驅系統配備旋鈕式電子切換加力箱，可設定四種傳動模式來應對各種地形。
A video for Jay-Z's album version does not exist but an official video was created for "Welcome to Hollywood" using clips of different Beyoncé videos (much like the "
He sometimes plays scary or otherwise dark characters.
In 2010, 2,230 people lived there.
，使其失效，而此亦對當事人構成潛在風險 LeVay 1996，第32–33页 。
The group started in 2008.
ReWalk需經專業復健科醫師診端評估是否適用，經各項檢測評估後，需接受海外原廠認證的物理治療師提供之使用者訓練，以擁有完整的自行使用所需要的技能與知識，待訓練完成後，才能自行使用。
The weapon was developed more in November 1986.
現行行政單位是南千束一丁目至南千束三丁目。
Galena is one of the most common and widely used sulfide minerals.
He was later created the Duke of Richelieu and duke of Fronsac.
People from Guangdong went outside of China to look for work.
Each step is different to all others, with the entire flight made from 60,000 hand-cut granite blocks.
He was a mission specialist on STS-8 in 1983, and STS-51B in 1985.
It is the largest stadium in Belgium, with a capacity of 50,093.
Suddenly John Cena locked Orton in the STFU and Orton tapped and lost the title.
It was developed by Bruno René Huchez and Bahram Rohani.
Practitioners includes those who develop and apply mathematical physics.
Homer wants to help Terrance with finding the spy.
At that time, most people in Sabae were working in the farming industry.
以下為深水埗社區關注組在歷屆區議會選舉的選舉結果。
醫師法（昭和23年法律第201號）沒有關係。
Kwouk was known for his role as Cato (spelled "Kato" in the 1964 release A Shot in the Dark) in the Pink Panther movies.
He began his career at Oscar FC in Kpando, Ghana and FC Maamobi.
There is also de Ardooisesteenweg, an approach road near the railway-station.
He also worked as a photographer and as a director of award-winning independent short movies.
Evolution of feeding mechanisms in the family Deinotheriidae (Mammalia: Proboscidea).
Light will be thrown on the origin of man and his history, was all Darwin wrote on the subject.
Most of the people in Allakaket are Athabascan.
The issuing authority, usually a branch of the country's foreign ministry or department (e.g.
The war Hannibal wanted was declared at the end of the year.
They are white in color and arranged as a spike.
In the South, the Company was often called "Eli Thayer & Co.," and a price was placed on Thayer's head in more than one place.
作者如是表达了自己的创作意图：“这首诗由584行十一音节的诗句组成。
It involved nine African nations and some twenty armed groups.
In 1853 Bülow made his first concert tour.
在北京电影学院近三十年的教学生涯中，他给本科生和研究生教授过的课程有《类型电影研究》《类型片剧作》《影片分析》《学术规范与学术方法》
尤其是仍未解決的暴龍起源謎團，到底是來自亞洲或來自南拉。
Prizes are given for a number of reasons: as an honour for special persons, for exemplary behaviour and to provide incentives in competitions, etc. In general, prizes are regarded in a positive light, and their winners are admired.
In several ranking systems, the college is ranked as one of the top ten engineering schools in the nation.
In many countries in the world, people do something special on this day.
只設有側式月台1個，列車不能進行交換。
Boeing started to test the 787 on the ground.
They are ordered to get rid of her.
The third largest group is the Sri Lankan Moors.
The Olympic Movement includes a large number of national and international sporting organizations and federations.
Dot got the part.
That way they could warn the commander if any enemy approached from that direction.
In other words, to be truly happy you must make other people happy.
He was voiced by Mike Pataki.
İmamoğlu, Top Mahalle, Düvenci, Karaali, Sepetçi, Hasan köyü vardır.
Eryops meaning "drawn-out face" because most of its skull was in front of its eyes (
'ya şöyle ifade etmiştir: "En son yaptığım şey kavaklı yolun oldukça geniş bir çalışması ve bu yolda sararmış sonbahar yaprakları, orada burada Güneş ışığı, yere düşmüş yapraklara parıltı saçarak, ağaç gövdelerinin uzun gölgeleri ile bir rekabete girer.
Awdry Smith The ships brought in expensive items from around the world and took items made in the town to other countries.
"This one," said Metatron, addressing Moses, "is Samael, who takes the soul away from man."
Yahiko had helped start the Akatsuki with Nagato and Konan.
Both are divided by a river called the Klang River.
Once he bought a very rare 1939 12-cylinder Lagonda, but he soon crashed it and it could not be repaired.
但是，體力消耗將比平時大得多。
They are called Aberdonians.
With this method, only the data is destroyed, not the drive itself.
Drafted in the 7th round of the 1997 NFL draft, Detmer spent the next 10 years in Philadelphia.
She was afraid of a trap, so she went with an editor and photographer from El Espectador newspaper.
在腿部以綁腿連接著main和緊身衣褲。
This hypersensitivity causes their body to react in certain ways.
，称：“古者兵出于民”，“民之于兵，可谓劳矣”；“近世兵民既分”，“民可谓逸，而兵可谓习矣。”
The cathedral finished its construction on the 9th of September 1296.
"Tourism and ‘embodied’commodities: sex tourism in the Caribbean."
Zhang et al. suggest that unless Epidexipteryx evolved from flying ancestors and subsequently lost its wings, this may indicate that advanced display feathers on the tail may have predated flying or gliding flight.
It is possible to estimate dates of regnal years using this information.
But in some countries they have been forced to do so against their will.
VX can stop the diaphragm from being able to relax, and stop a person from breathing.
They have small hands and feet, but an extraordinarily strong grasp.
本校亦積極推廣閱讀風氣，透過語文課及圖書課，有系統地教授學生閱讀策略，讓學生享受閱讀的樂趣，培養學生自學的能力。
It needs to spend an equal amount of time on each side of the equator.
An instruction tells the process what operation to perform.
Wei Jingsheng has been nominated seven times for Nobel Peace Prize since 1993.
Epstein has been a registered sex offender since 2008.
Human After All was a subject of controversy, concerning some aggressive aspects in songs like Technologic, saying that most of the songs were too repetitive.
In the election of 1800, Jefferson defeated Adams.
經民主選舉選出的制憲大會在1976年4月2日召開的全體會議上，
", that was released as the lead single from the re-release of Teenage Dream, called Teenage Dream: The Complete Confection.
This was Rose's first defeat.
's desire to supply fewer teams in the championship.
许多波西米亚的新教徒逃到萨克森选帝侯国。
It is a pinkish color.
He gallantly gave his life for his country.
"Alright" also received nominations for both Song of the Year and Best Music Video.
It is seen when a person is getting ready to move or no longer resting.
Frederick Soddy conducted an experiment to observe what happens as radium decays.
The inhabitants are called Avranchinais.
Stephane Barbe was also recruited to the band during this time.
在成像过程中，无线电测高仪将与金星中心(局部垂直)对齐，而合成孔径雷达则以10度的角度向外扫描。
Execution units are also essential to microarchitecture.
這是一個專門針對他的妥協，但正因為如此，横綱這個頭銜在爭執後首次成為官方排名。
视频中，导游以车外的低温为威胁，告知游客“不交钱就没有御寒的雪服”，并称有人曾在该地冻成残疾，不断胁迫恐吓游客交钱。
美聯中區龍頭季末的爭奪戰還包括兩隊在9月29日至10月2日間的四連戰，
The Three Laws form a theme in his Robot series and the other stories linked to it, as well as his Lucky Starr series of science fiction for children.
Bu filmde Carpenter diğer filmlerine nispeten daha deneyimli bir kadro ile çalıştı.
Sarah Jane was given a device that would bring the Star Poet back, if she ever needed its help again.
Messages from Washington, DC made it clear that President Polk wanted California.
HMS Albion (L14) is the rotating flagship of the Royal Navy with HMS Bulwark.
Don't let anybody get hurt.
The attack killed 191 people and wounded 1,800.
Meeting to write the constitution, 1848.
This is because many people think there are not enough Roman Catholics in the PSNI.
Badu has won a total of four Grammy Awards out of nineteen nominations.
若 小於兩者的互信息,則傳遞的資料會產生錯誤，因此無損壓縮原是不可能的。
Most of the credit for the war's success must be ascribed to subordinate generals.
以前因繼子酸奶油對電子音樂的愛好時常產生摩擦，但在《搖擺老爹》中把酸奶油從前沒收的電子音樂物品還給他，且與他和解。
While awaiting sentencing, she gave birth to Fualaau's child.
Lorand Hegyi organised about 200 donations from international artists for the collection, which he presented in Vienna and Sarajevo.
Bart collapses on the medical room floor.
A symmetry also provides a rule for how something should always act unless acted on by an outside force.
This principle was then known as the Joule-Thomson effect.
He served in Congress from 1993 to 2001.
It was released in March 1997.
The actual length of individual moon cycles varies over time.
LCCIEB means London Chamber of Commerce and Industry Examinations Board.
While Karen played baseball with her friends, Richard usually played the piano.
Frequency seems to decrease when someone moves away from a sound source.
Despite winning the battle,the mission commander was killed.
It has two villages, Călineşti and Şerbăuţi.
Yamato kotoba can also be called by its Chinese based name, wago (kanji: 和語, hiragana: わご).
A close friend of Jesus who had been dead for four days is brought back to life.
He arrived in Washington on the morning of March 18th, in enough time to be promptly seated by Congress and cast his vote.
He is attracted to a woman he works with called Reba McClane.
Seven of the state's ten largest cities are in the metropolitan areas of Oklahoma City and Tulsa.
The building was completed in 1776.
對於阿九斗任何不好的行為，情緒都會激動起來。
Every two years this festival is held in the Barossa Valley to celebrate the vintage.
Olympic basketball player (1952, 1956), complications from a stroke.
Other executive branch offices have largely moved elsewhere, in Juneau or elsewhere in the state, in the ongoing battle between branches for space in the building, as well as the decades-long capital move issue.
He and his brother and sisters were known as the "Royal Fours" for their musical talents.
He was born in Malvern, Pennsylvania.
Neighbouring non-Turkic peoples called any Turkic-speaking people Tatar.
Founded in 1911 by the Australian Government and fully privatised in 1996, the Commonwealth Bank is one of the "
After the fall of the UAR, Nasser attempted to rally other Arab countries to the Pan-Arabist cause.
另外，在內容安全議題上，由於傳遞的是XML明碼，因此極易被有心人給窺視，因此網路服務也需對其傳遞內容進行保護，以免洩漏重要資訊。
His campaign speech focused on delivering public transport, public ownership of the region's public assets, environmental protection, economic and social development.
戰後發展（1946年─1974年）
On January 17, 2006, the Supreme Court decided in favor of Oregon.
Closely related to light deflection is the gravitational time delay (or Shapiro delay), the phenomenon that light signals take longer to move through a gravitational field than they would in the absence of that field.
For a summary of the final season's storyline, see below: "Season 6 plot summary".
因此稱義是恩典一部分，指的是一切罪惡被赦免了，就在那一剎那我們重生了，屬於根本上的改變，而不只是相對的改變。
It is 250 meters above sea level.
In 1954, the Vietnamese declared victory in Dien Bien Phu which took place between March and May 1954 and culminated in a major French defeat.
On 17 February 2008, Kosovo unilaterally declared its independence from Serbia.
People may have started using the compound word, living room, in the early twentieth century.
He was also called Kodak by his first NBA coach, Bill Fitch, because Bird could form pictures in his head of the plays on the basketball court.
Şarkının sözleri ve kulağa hoş gelen ezgisi pek çok eleştirmen tarafından beğenildi ve pozitif yönde eleştiriler aldı.
He studied at the Leipzig conservatory.
The port of Paris is the most important fluvial port in France: About 20.2 million tons of merchanise are handled each year, 20 miilon tons of this merchandise come from fluvial transport.
They had come up with rules which could predict reactivity of organic molecules.
Nunataks Vadileri Güney Kanada ve Kuzey Amerika Birleşik Devletleri'nin yüzey jeolojisinin çoğunu oluşturur ve arkalarında buzullardan ovulmuş vadiler, morainler, eskerler ve buzul topraklarını bırakmıştır.
Forrest was elected, but not as a WAP member.
He became skipper of the national team in 1964.
He was known for his roles in Daar gaat de bruid (1986), Hotel de Botel (1976) and Die Vrouwtjes van de wereld (1963).
Gurevich first trained in gymnastics and later took up wrestling in 1948.
Most pieces of music will modulate, especially if they are long pieces.
Beyond this, little can be said about the events during this period.
，雖然1966年迷你和其他六台英國車輛在完成賽事後被取消資格，其中包括前四名抵達終點的車輛，這個爭議性判決的原因是主辦單位認為這些車輛使用了非法的大燈組合。 citation 迷你最初是在奧斯汀（Austin）和莫里斯（Morris）廠牌下銷售，
七聚体和八聚体以笼状形式存在，还未发现环状或正方体形状的异构体。
支持”殷人东渡美洲论“的一些学者认为商周之际时，攸侯喜因勤王未果，而带领二十五万殷遗民出海逃亡，
Janel Meilani Parrish Long citation (born October 30, 1988) citation is an American actress and singer.
He is the leader of the Union for the Congolese Nation (Union pour la Nation Congolaise, UNC), an opposition political party.
、卡諾波罐 citation ）
济急如济涸辙之鱼，救危如救密罗之雀。
The school principal Miss Trunchbull is a very mean person who scares the school students.
It conducts business through a number of affiliated companies in more than a hundred countries and territories.
He worked a variety of jobs (
This is a tracking category for CS1 citation templates that have parameters that contain text that duplicates static text provided by the template.
The American Experience.
This is good because it allows more people to watch animes, but some companies think it is stealing.
The BBC has to publish a report every year, which tells people what it has done and how much money it has made and spent.
工作人員這樣表示，但不知道他們是否會將他描繪成一個黑暗般的幸福 citation 。
He played the bass in this band until 1996, when he was followed by Christian Decker.
It does not have a permanent collection.
"Mitogenomic analyses place the gharial (Gavialis gangeticus) on the crocodile tree and provide pre-K/T divergence times for most crocodilians."
Gérard Mannoni (1 January 1928 – 1 April 2020) was a French sculptor.
Şirket 7 Şubat 1997'de Hiroshi Mikitani tarafından MDM, Inc.
It was flying too low and ran into the ground.
They were often sung by small groups of singers.
Once overseas it is common for their passport to be taken away by the trafficker and to be warned of the consequences should they attempt to escape.
Both A- and U23 international games were played.
Most action movies use special effects if they want to show something blow up.
杰伊·帕里尼 2007，第357页 接下来的一些演说里他谈到了对写作的观点，他相信写作是感情的自然流露，无需反复修改权衡。
Together they had one son, who they named Aḥmad.
Temüjin was born in 1162 into an influential family "Genghis Khan."
Aboriginal calendars are usually more complex than those from Western culture.
教堂在1947年至1953年期間得到重建 citation 。
People who believe this are sometimes called "pro-lifers".
In Britain, the earliest known published use was in 1987.
There are no gaps.
，近河之地，役軍民十萬人，屯田積穀，以減省漕運糧粟。”
，這些路段即為道路的其中之一部份，
They are closely linked with Honda.
，包括一般的乘車券（普通車票）、特急券（搭乘特急列車時的額外加價）與指定券（訂購指定席、也就是事先劃位座的額外加價）等，除此之外綠窗口也負責銷售像是月票或套票之類，比較特殊的車票。
This is because it is no longer possible to investigate Epstein's criminal activity further due to his confirmed death.
中北部也有許多以臨海工業區勞動者為主的住宅區。
Ayrıca, İskoçya'nın Arisaig kentinde, o bölgede eğitim alan SOME'un Çekoslovakya üyelerine bir anıt da vardır.
宋朝绍兴年间重建，乾道初年，赐额“保安院”，元朝后荒废。
Many supposedly cold-blooded animals do things to keep their temperature higher than the surrounding air or water.
South China tiger cubs depend on their mother for the first 18 months and then they start hunting on their own.
The red area corresponds to the area that may have been settled by Indo-European-speaking peoples by 2500 BC, and the orange area had been settled by Indo-European-speakers by 1000 BC.
During the final season of his career, Catala' returned to Juan Aurich for one final spell at the club where he had succeeded the most in terms of scoring and providing assists.
The arrondissement of Saint-Amand-Montrond has an area of convert and a population of 65,145 inhabitants.
In the last years the Duroplast was smashed and put cement blocks for pavement construction.
A Littlest Pet shop (also LPS) is a little toy.
He also starred in TV movie productions Mongo's Back in Town (1972), She Cried Murder (1973), ' (1980), ' (1987), (1988), The Hollywood Detective (1989).
He’s even related to his godson, Harry Potter, through Dorea Potter (née Black) who is a distant relative to Harry and James Potter.
Bazı uygulamalar özet ağaç derinlik ön eklerinin özet değerini alır, öncesi kullanarak ağaç derinliğini sınırlar; böylece ayıklanan özet zincir yalnızca ön ek her adımda azalırsa ve yaprağa ulaşıldığında hala pozitif ise geçerli olarak tanımlanır.
This is called a rhyming couplet.
，当被告人提出请求时，应交付陪审评议（第3条、请求陪审事件）。
The local tough guy, Tony D. "Blade", chases the two with his gang because Freak called him a cretin.
He became a member of parliament.
Ross A. McGinnis of the Army and Master-at-Arms Second Class Michael A. Monsoor of the Navy received it after being killed while using their own bodies to smother grenades to protect their comrades.
He studied at John Jay High School and at SUNY Purchase.
Bu yasa, Cumhuriyet döneminin ilk Gümrük Kanunu'dur.
、main、激光不等光程干涉仪以及main几种。
Burada ise 95 maçta 5 kere fileleri havalandırmiştır.
We cannot reach town before dark.
It is used a lot in their survey data.
It was something people do.
They have 11 teams for men and 13 for women.
Both singles main draws include 96 players.
该首歌曲也是为纪念数码宝贝大冒险系列15周年而推出的OVA《
The Harz red mountain cattle is from the oldest race of cows.
Sony was then allowed to charge other companies licensing fees to use the Betamax technical standard, so that they could also build and sell Betamax machines.
The military dispositions in late fourth-century Wales at Cardiff, Caernarfon, Holyhead and Caerhun seem to have been concerned with continuing incursions by Irish bands.
麥若彬的興趣包括音樂和閱讀，晚年也愛弄孫為樂。
It lasts only 12 years.
He was made a cardinal in 2016 and was the first and so far the only cardinal from Lesotho.
It was especially popular in Finland.
，身體重量由前臂、手肘及脚趾支持。
She became good at giving public speeches and preaching.
İngiliz yönetmen Danny Boyle, İskoç senarist John Hodge ve yapımcı Andrew MacDonald 1994 tarihli "Mezarını Derin Kaz" filminden başlayarak birçok projeye birlikte imza attılar.
The other Links are then given the right to wield the Master Sword because they carry the spirit of the Hero.
Eight years passed until six companies from the 68th were sent to fight rebellious Caribs in St. Vincent.
At the endpoint there is a sudden change in the measured pH.
The term "sonata" was used in the 16th century to mean anything that was not sung.
The nickname is used by both males and females.
He has also won the Australian film award for Best Supporting Actor.
He is the Secretary of State of Georgia since 2019.
Farther north, parts of 2nd Panzer Division were close to the Meuse.
The formation of black holes may be a major source of gravitational waves, so the search for proof of gravitational waves has become an important scientific pursuit.
Heritage Park which was once the Lewis Merthyr mine.
In 1950, the US Public Health service began a comprehensive study of uranium miners, leading to the first publication of a statistical correlation between cancer and uranium mining, released in 1962.
One way to do it is called cofactor expansion.
Sports and the body were now a more important part of people’s lives.
It was the 19th and final ranking event of the 2016–17 season, after the China Open.
And in 1998 he was appointed an honorary Knight Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire (
They were ordered to move south to join with the 1st Infantry Division.
The album debuted at No. 55 on the Billboard 200 and No. 4 on the US Top Christian Albums chart.
They have long tails.
This element can change its resistivity according to the voltage, but even after disconnection it remembers resistivity for unlimited time.
Her work from this exhibition was chosen as a finalist for the National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award (NATSIAA) in 2003.
; born August 7, 1995) citation is an American actress.
，林斯泰德的面積為2.80平方千米，當中陸地面積為2.80平方千米，而水域面積為0.00平方千米。
，大山寺遭到破壞，之後改建為阿夫利神社下社。
Colors represent the winning party, using the present-day convention in which red indicates Republican and blue indicates Democrat.
It is made of metal and different kinds of rocks.
They make a loud rattling sound with their voices.
胶（澳，今青岛）济（南）铁路自1899-1904年德帝国主义者开始修筑 citation 。
现任地方政府 citation 的结构定型于1990年 citation ，
From 2010 to 2014 and again from 2018 until his death, he was Speaker of the City Council.
分布于亚洲中部、俄罗斯西西伯利亚、喜马拉雅西北部和土耳其。
An independent inquiry into the incident (the worst of its kind in British history) was started in 2002, and a draft report issued in January 2005, but there is still concern about long-term effects on the health of local people.
It is located in the north of Rhodes island.
Tatyana immediately feels attracted to him.
People who support capitalism also have disagreements.
The most famous member of the family, Marshal Turenne, was born at Sedan on 11 September 1611.
小八甚至還形容他是在魚人族的憎恨與憤怒之中成長的男人，對小八違背惡龍的理念和視魯夫等人為朋友的事情相當不滿。
It opened in 1996.
He also studied Latin, Philosophy and Theology.
首次目击事件发生（1989年11月29日）约三年后（1992年），奥伊彭（Eupen）的比利时怀疑者马克·哈莱特（Marc Hallet）写了一篇有关比利时不明飞行物体事件的文章：《比利时不明飞行物事件或误传的胜利》（La Vague OVNI Belge ou le triomphe de la désinformation）， Hallet, M. (1992).
In Old Persian were used mostly the forms of first and third persons.
The Ghan service was well known for long delays caused by these washouts.
In 2015 Vari founded Lensa, Inc, which is a general U.S. job board.
's label Nappy Boy Entertainment.
Tuskegee also became his first album since 1986 to be certified as platinum (more than 1 million copies sold) by the Recording Industry Association of America.
The major GLI program is the Museum Leadership Institute (MLI).
Šural was born in Hustopeče.
If a diet works without the body switching to a more efficient way of using calories, there will be no yo-yo effect.
他曾任中華民國行政院體育委員會副主任委員（2000～2002年）、國立臺灣師範大學教務長（2003～2004年）、運動與休閒學院院長（2005～2007年），以及副校長(2010～2018年)等職務，目前為該校「特聘教授」。
The original Doctor returns Rose to her alternate universe's Bad Wolf Bay.
As of December 2008, 121 corporate and private jets are being used and 164 aircraft have been ordered.
，並且緩和該線的擁擠狀況 citation 。
Melissa gives birth to ten black, white and yellow ducklings of her own.
She was the first woman to hold the position.
's 48th congressional district since 2021.
He became the Attorney General of Nevada in 2015.
Both of them then see Thor come from the heavens in his chariot pulled by winged horses like Pegasus driving the chariot down.
'ya izlemek için sadece altı aylık konik tarama manevraları için kullanıldı.
Tamamen yeni bir altyapı kullanılmaktadır.
The movie was critically acclaimed and was nominated for many awards.
，加上在戰勝國之間的利益關係之下，以及國民政府須要應對共產黨勢力在戰後的擴張，最終讓香港在戰後繼續由英國統治，
Isolde, however, thinks that Melot is Tristan’s best friend, and, desperate to see Tristan, she puts out the flames.
This is before any government organised service.
He has a purple W on his hat, similar to how Mario has an M on his.
The President of the Senate is the presiding officer of the Senate, whose chief function is to guide and regulate the proceedings in the Senate.
The program went into national broadcast in 1988 as Live! with Regis and Kathie Lee, and Gifford became well-known across the country.
First known as Flops, for their "floppy" ears, Scottish Fold became the breed's name in 1966.
人民阵线是1930年代中期开始出现的由不同性质的政治团体组成的广泛联盟，
Union Point park is where the Neuse and Trent Rivers join.
In the later part of the 19th century, it became known as "the sick man of Europe".
Prost raced in 202 Grand Prix races between 1980 and 1993.
He stated that the replacements would happen at the end of the third season.
His first term, the country went through a severe economic crisis, social unrest and violence.
A Lance-Sergeant in the Guards and Honourable Artillery Company wears three chevrons, and is considered senior or higher up to "normal" Corporals.
Filters can be cheap or expensive.
Microsoft representatives countered this recommendation, claiming that "0.02% of internet sites" were affected by the flaw.
Although Einstein's equation (for time dilation) does show that an object going faster than light goes backward in time, the same concept can be described using world lines.
It was called Biancun Liming Family Nursing Department.
在1860年通过的第一个塞尔维亚公国中世纪刑法典中，男性之间“违反自然秩序”的性交将会被判处6个月至4年徒刑。
And thanks to the return of Italy twenty-fiv countries will participate for the final of the 2011 edition of the Eurovision Song Contest.
The second-best-selling item was a pair of Havaianas with a drawing of Vinicius on it.
At the 2013 European Championships, Mamun and her teammates won team gold for Russia.
Liberty Mutual Group, normally known as Liberty Mutual, is a worldwide insurance company.
Suryadevara Jai Surya family has a curse which is the cause of the ancestor of the family of the village Devipuram.
He died of cancer at the age of 79 and is buried at Willow Wild Cemetery.
The F-117 was the first flyable aircraft to be designed around stealth technology.
She shot to prominence with her single "
Tabii bu pek çok yaralı askerin ölmesine sebep oluyordu.
The bill of the Fiery-tailed Awlbill has an upturned tip, as in the Avocets.
The large feet are robust, with long curved claws.
Tapınak benzeri revak sadece ima edilmiş olup kapalıydı.
考森同時也向神盾局爭取到一台特殊的空中武裝運輸機，並取名為「巴士」，作為機動小隊的行動總部。
The island is inhospitable to humans.
Every day there were reports of missing things, but he was able to avoid being captured until 15 February.
這個地區屬熱帶氣候，並分成十分明顯的乾濕兩季，由東北方撒哈拉沙漠吹來乾燥多塵的亞爾瑪丹風，使此區域自每年十二月起到第二年的二月止成為乾冷季節，每年三月到十一月是濕熱季節。
İspanya’nın kendisi için barışa ve reforma ihtiyacının olduğunu söylemekteydi.
Each of the four recorded a solo album during 1971, though, and each album became a hit.
These of course are very simple ideas about what it means to be a man or woman.
Early tetrapod relationships revisited.
In 2008, at the age of 18, he joined S.M. Entertainment after winning second place in S.M. Everysing Contest.
對此，明廷採兩手準備，一方面下令雲南、
In the 2010s, there is a type of POS terminal that is operated by the customer, rather than a cashier.
The 16-year-old girl who alerted the authorities could not be located at the time of the raid.
有部分大型多人在线角色扮演游戏將PK改為「競技」，區別在于，競技情況下，戰敗的玩家不會損失物品，且退出競技后，所有參數不變。
Judith A. Green, Henry I: King of England and Duke of Normandy (New York: Cambridge University Press, 2006), p. 165 Henry had already arranged his passage but allowed his son William Adelin and many other nobles to use the White Ship.
New York Times gazetesi, 2008 yılında doğru teknoloji ve politikalarla Hindistan'ın sadece kendisinin değil dünyanın da beslenmesine katkıda bulunabileceğini iddia etti.
Processing stops the film reacting to light any more.
He remains one of the most popular poets in the English language.
Implanted defibrillators are put into the chests of people at risk of going into fibrillation.
People who saw the crash said there was a fireball when the aircraft crashed.
Sodium tellurite is used in making tellurium.
It is on the island of Riddarholmen.
But, as Claudia finds out, Leo has come along for the holidays to be introduced to Claudia.
A Bloody Disgusting review says that the movie is a pretty silly but satisfying flick.
For example, it could be said that if somebody cannot see, hear, taste, touch or smell something then it does not affect them.
The title of the text is Anatomy of the Human Body.
Fisher later discussed the benefits of more trials and repeated tests.
B-0有一門MG 15機槍裝在機頭。
总面积30平方公里，总人口234人（2001年），人口密度8人/平方公里。
它是“ FamilySearch 家譜樹”的前一個版本，並且僅對教會成員開放。
He was known for his roles in Rock of Ages and Hedwig and The Angry Inch.
This species is considered potentially dangerous and may attack if a food source is present, such as during spearfishing activities.
Meanwhile, Ravel left Paris for a time with some friends and started writing some of his best compositions.
在随后的谈判中，德国获得了它要求的大部分额外大陆架。
A cheque with an issue date in the past is called an antedated cheque.
This makes them feel like nothing is done well enough.
However, the Chief of Staff of the IRA at the time, Seamus Twomey, was a senior figure from Belfast.
This is called address space randomization.
主要設計師為造船中將平賀讓及技術中校松本喜太郎，預定在1932年3月底完工 『第995号 5.10.15 補助航空艦母艦1隻製造の件』p.2 。
In high school, students go to Rocky Mountain High School in Byron.
吴汉退回广都，留下刘尚拒敌，上表自责。
The practice is however disputed as it by some is considered unethical to perform painful actions to the fish for fun and not for the reason of food production.
In 2006, he played with the national team of Serbia and Montenegro at the FIFA World Cup in Germany.
It is especially known for its sea food.
Ward is known for, not only his great receiving skills, but his hard blocks (some call them illegal, Ward was even voted the "
The inside of a 1967 Stock train after it was refurbished.
Hayatında maddi ve manevi ne varsa bırakmaya zorlanan küçük kız, yaşadığı Londra'dan ayrılıp Sir Benjamin ile yaşamak zorunda kalmıştır.
ERA is found by dividing the number of earned runs allowed by the number of innings pitched and multiplying by nine.
However, it became an important meeting place for people who wanted to fight against British rule. citation The Sons of Liberty met there and announced that they would fight back against the British.
He was married to Joan Benedict from 2000 until his death in 2002.
There are mountain ranges on most sides of the plateau.
Classic quotations were cut, including eleven quotations by Alexander Pope.
"At least you haven't had to stoop so low you should appreciate that!
The World of Living show park is a space dedicated to choice, inspiration and imagination for contemporary home designs.
The Union army attacked Carthage in 1864.
This war was significant because it allowed Russia to become the dominant power in Northeastern Europe, instead of Sweden.
İskele yaklaşık 30 metre uzunluğunda, 2 metre genişliktedir.
His brother Tesfaye Bramble used to be a footballer.
They want to make libraries larger and better help teens.
Dressage is an event where horses do not jump, but must be very obedient to their riders.
Now it just so happens that on one such night, Lime and Bass are in hot pursuit of a demon who had stolen six power gems from the magical world.
These satellites allow scientists to measure the area covered by sea ice relatively well.
IPS Görevlisi olmak istedi ve mezuniyetinin yanı sıra bunun için 1.5 yıl koçluk eğitimi ( UPSC ) aldı.
The broad, cornball comedy was toned-down and the show was allowed to touch on serious themes.
It reached the top-five on the Billboard Hot 100. It appeared on the Totally Hits 2 compilation album.
He was 44 years old.
It received mixed reviews on November 6, 1987.
The album features newly signed to Orfanato Music Group Natti Natasha as well as many other signed artists and other reggaeton artists like Zion Y Lennox.
，但他们都没料到会达到这样高的强度 citation 。
Kochanowski translated The Book of Psalms and Chess by Marco Girolamo Vida.
Often, though, interjections may have no meaning at all, such as the word "um."
The barrel vault and the two matroneums were inserted, whose support beams were decorated with beautiful Bartmannsköpfe (sculptures).
Martha Vickers (May 28, 1925 – November 2, 1971) was an American model and actress.
He suffered with depression for many years.
OS3 之后，AnthonOS 遵循社区名称简写，对外名称统一为 AOSC OS。
He later rose to Company Secretary/Legal Adviser Kaduna State Rural Electrification Board (REB) and Assistant Director Federal Legal Aid Council of Nigeria, Jos.
He released several works on ECM Records.
The 7th century BC is the time period from the year 700 BC to 601 BC.
The reptile population includes pythons, cobras, vipers, mambas, adders, chameleons, geckos, skinks and lizards.
重啟前後外型差異最大的外星人。
Haçlılar, şehirde buldukları bu servetin karşısında afalladılar.
American Journal of Diseases of Children, 113:214–221, 1967 Tümü benzer bulgular içeren 5 tipi vardır: Robertson SP.
Among variant forms of the guitar are the 12-stringed, or double-course, guitar, and the Mexican jarana and the South American charango, both small five-course guitars.
Therefore, they believe that they never gave away their land rights and ability to rule themselves.
PolyU has many sports facilities, including: a swimming pool, 2 indoor sports grounds, a outdoor sports ground with basketball and soccer fields and jogging track, 2 outdoor tennis courts, and a joint-sports center.
，全国党的各级组织所选出的代表257人。
He wanted to replace Best on their recordings.
I went on a different path than wanting to become a WWE Superstar.
The album was given good reviews by music critics.
Filmin konusu, öncekinden üç gün sonrasını alır ve Tris Prior'u izlemeye devam eder; Tris ve Dört, Jeanine ve Bilge'lerin geri kalanının yaptığı darbeden kaçmaya çalışırlar.
，曾配合楊忠以計謀收伏稽胡部落的首領，解決軍中缺糧的問題 《
鋁鎳鈷磁鐵抗蝕性良好，而且物理特性較鐵氧體好，不過仍和金屬有一段差距。
历位给事黄门侍郎，领著作，加本州大中正。
Some series like Tiga, Dyna, Gaia, and Mebius had Gaidens (Side Stories).
It will make her have to marry Barnaby.
One can find it in sunny sites, usually on dry, sandy soils.
我们发现那蚊子不只是在表面刮擦，实际上它已经穿透了挡风玻璃” citation 。
The diarist John Evelyn first discovered Gibbons' talent by chance in 1671.
"Bones Found are Those of Girl Linked to Triple Slaying in Plumas county."
Suddenly, all realised what had happened that day.
In 1995 she earned her M.B.A. with highest distinction.
This is called Web Counselling.
World Bicycle Day is a global holiday meant to be enjoyed by all people regardless of race, ethnicity, creed, class, sex, gender, age, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic.
In 1886 H. Elion finished the development of the Heineken A-yeast, which is still used in the brewing process today.
He established an opera company that ran for over a hundred years, and a management agency for some of the most important artists of the day.
In fact, Nokia India was one of the few brands willing to bet on Indian cricket and sponsor the first T20 World Cup hosted by South Africa in 2007, in which India defeated Pakistan in the finals.
It is at convert above the Ehrwalder Alm in Mieminger.
They had drifted to the city looking for work.
史崔克最大特點與創新在於幾乎所有的延伸車型都可以用即時套件昇級方式從基礎型改裝而來，改裝可以在戰場前線上完成，因此提供了極大的運用彈性。
The plane crashed into a trailer park 4680 feet northwest from the end of runway 32R, with the left wing hitting the ground first.
The two needed a more comfortable place to discuss the story and decided to take advantage of a Sports Illustrated magazine offer to write photograph captions for the annual Mint 400 desert race being held in Las Vegas.
The Urus can accelerate from 0–100 km/h (62 mph) in 3.6 seconds and 0–200 km/h (124 mph) in 12.8 seconds.
Hikâye ergenlik çağında olan bir gencin süper güçlerini keşfetmesi ve süper kahramanlık kariyerini konu alır.
Modern artists use digital poetry to not only express artistic intention, but also to design a layout around their texts.
Armey is also an author and former economics professor.
The South Korean couple chose the location to protest against Japanese territorial claims.
Komünün nüfusu 31 Aralık 2018 tarihi itibarıyla 17.362 kişidir.
They later moved back to his homeland, where he got a job on the Musgrave Park station.
This is done by bitwise addition of the value of a block on the other disks.
Team members for all countries are listed in the table below.
There are 25 universities and colleges for only 1 million inhabitants.
Burton DeWitt Watson (June 13, 1925 April 1, 2017) was an American scholar and translator Stirling 2006, pg.
She accompanied him to Germany where gave birth to their first daughter, Mariam (11.Feb.
Most synchrotrons use two types of magnets: dipole magnets to bend the particle beam and quadrupole magnets to focus the beam.
Eugene Aubrey Stratton, Plymouth Colony: Its History and People, 1620-1691, (Salt Lake City: Ancestry Publishing, 1986), pp. 20, 411-413 They landed on 21 November.
Note how the satellites are pinpoint, while stars have created small trails due to the Earth's rotation.
Maria Aitken received a nomination for Best Supporting Actress.
Dan's brother Peter Ayrkroyd is a researcher.
It is an updated edition of eFootball PES 2020 (released in September 2019) containing the latest player data and club rosters.
The police pushed Castellanos down when she tried to stop them. citation During her time as rector, she had disagreements with SITRAUNAH, the union for the University's employees.
Forehead can be pronounced either 'forhed' or 'forrid'.
Wheatley is pulled from GLaDOS's body and released into space.
She and Ackerman had three children together: Peter, James, and Christopher Ackerman.
In 2000, construction of the first mobile studio Stargate marked the beginning of a new editorial policy: radio broadcasting from the square, the crowd.
The latter then activate or repress systems of cellular processes that accomplish the final development of the organism.
The Port of New York and New Jersey is also a big part of the economy.
》中的歌词“you want a piece of me”（可翻译为“你想从我这里捞一笔（钱）”），原本指布兰妮本人被媒体利用牟利，在此处侧重于表述粉丝对于她的情怀。
The grooves cut into the wood.
In Antiquity, this effect was therefore unintentional.
He organized several banquets in these caves with a lot of famous people.
琮子與後白河天皇之間並沒有生育，後白河天皇退位後，琮子也離開皇宮，移居至三條高倉亭。
」在斯塔林城（Starling City）打擊犯罪。
From 1964 to 1968, the Marion Reservoir was built north-west of Marion.
Diğer şarkıları ise daha çok "Barrett" albümü döneminden kalmıştır.
，较上次选举有所增加，但仍未过半 citation 。
To be readable in an ordinary CD drive, all sessions must be closed though.
Choi, p. 85. 但是幾年以後，黎文悅無法處理這個事件，陳日永被押往北圻，不久被投入大牢；陳日永的官職則被明命帝的一名親信取代。
He retired end of 2011 season.
Middle Eastern immigrants who were Muslims converted to Catholicism, but there are still Muslims as well.
王士祯：《曝书亭集序》 好藏书，家中藏书数万卷。
她对自己的能力非常自负，是个直性子、不认输、自尊心强、以自我为中心，有着强烈自我意识的人，其实她也是很会耍宝的，因为只要她一出现，可以肯定场面绝不会冷清。
Toledo'nun (Typ 1L) ilk versiyonu, beş kapılı liftback sedandı ve satış kariyeri 1991'den 1999'a kadar sürdü.
In Popper's view, any hypothesis that does not make testable predictions is simply not science.
The Constitutional Court of Romania (CCR) is independent of any other public authority.
A Type 92 prototype was completed in 1932.
This was because of Tommy Stinson's young age.
Anything that involves a risk of injury or to health can be described as dangerous.
The funeral of Josip Tito, President of Yugoslavia, was held on 8 May 1980, four days after his death on 4 May.
Lyndon is part of the Topeka metropolitan area.
Geometry of a drop is analyzed optically.
To raise the money to fund the rest of the Quintology, Just Add Water began by porting the studio's first two titles to new consoles and producing high definition remasters of Oddworld: Munch's Oddysee and Stranger's Wrath.
Abrasion injuries occur rather often when exposed skin comes into moving contact with a rough surface causing trauma to the upper layers of the epidermis.
It is the country's largest river and most important commercial waterway.
One says or at least means, "Meet me at building 123 Main Street intersecting Franklin Street in apartment 3D on 10 October 2012 at 9:00PM".
過去由於路線對立從維新脫黨成立的次世代之黨，在2015年大阪雙重選舉中與日本元氣會共同支持維新候選人，試圖修復與維新的關係 citation ，然而維新經歷了兩次黨內分裂，雙方難以進一步合作 citation 。
Also a translation of the DIO-Website into the English language is projected.
He became the president of the Muslim League.
中式傳統石獅造型不同於今日所见之狮子，可能是因中國自古不產獅子，雕塑者無從描摹；但也有说法是西域狮与非洲狮体态不同的缘故；或是石獅作用為鎮守化煞視為瑞獸，具誇張神異而踏球含珠。
Baca gazı yıkama, baca gazlarının sıcaklığını düşürdü; bu yüzden yükselmediler, bunun yerine zemin seviyesine düşerek yerel bir rahatsızlığa sebebiyet veriler.
These would combine in ever-more complex fashions until they formed droplets.
Bulgakov then joined the White Army with his brothers.
Luke convinces Yoda, and the old master starts to teach Luke.
It was released on November 29, 2013 and also includes Ayala songs such as "Gasolina" and "Limbo".
It is a holy hill.
The range of an acute angle is between 0 and 90 degrees.
，各國不少新聞媒體也都曾報導此一事件。
These chains go around the City of Osnabrück.
Blue's Clues became the highest-rated show for preschoolers on American commercial television and was critical to Nickelodeon's growth.
After Piquet left the Renault F1 team, the media started making claims about Piquet.
This syndrome is the presence of deformities of the long bones of the limbs resulting in shortening and other abnormalities.
Zoological Journal of the Linnean Society.
Andrzej Tadeusz Strzelecki (4 February 1952 – 17 July 2020 citation citation ), was a Polish actor, satirist, theatre director and screenwriter.
Darbe ölçer kuyruklu yıldızın sahasına doğru harekete geçmek için yakın bir hızla 24 saat sonra çarpışmayı gerçekleştirerek gemiyi yöneten idare roketlerini kullandı.
Intervals can be separated by how they act at their ends.
In foreign relations, Honecker would never allow a unified Germany.
Crematories were also placed in Gradina, across the Sava River.
車站附近保留了昔日風格的商店街。
He was a member of the Green League party.
The almond we eat is the edible seed of a type of fruit called a "drupe".
The loose ground holds the water better.
Spanish Wells is so small that many people get around the island using golf carts instead of full-sized cars.
Their rule lasted from 1414 to 1451.
His Stand was originally Whitesnake, which extracts people's spirits and memories, even Stands, in the form of compact disks that can be freely inserted into other people and objects.
She initially balked at pulling up her skirt to entice a passing car to give her and Gable a ride in one famous scene, complaining that it was unladylike.
Thousands of people had to leave the area.
How do people decide that two things are similar?
Dip netting is a way to wade through the water and catch fish with a net.
After the user inputs their search or query into the search bar, a list of results will appear on the screen known as search engine results page (SERP).
It can be seen for around 24 nautical miles (44 km) in clear weather.
此后，他在正蓝旗公署担任文书3年。
IEEE Transactions on Nuclear Science, 51(6), 3394-3398.
Formoso schools closed through school unification.
，2019年中国同巴拉圭贸易总额为14.47亿美元，其中中方出口额14.31亿美元，进口额0.16亿美元，同比分别下降15.4%、14.4%和59.3%。
It was made in 1968.
Its slogan is: "The World's Loudest Rock Magazine!"
After that it became very dangerous and difficult to use these methods.
There are also thoose who believe the Rus came from Sweden or Rothi or Roslagen as it is known today.
中英和議達成後，負責籌辦浙江善後事宜。
Both genders mature at about 2 years of age.
In 1982, Pete Willis was replaced by Phil Collen.
》中，「為本際作證」一句中的本際 支婁迦讖譯《道行般若經》：「復次，須菩提！
He also studied at the Victorian Academy of the Arts.
He arrested Campion and had him sent to London for trial and execution.
Football clubs usually play other teams in their own country, with a few exceptions.
The large Murray Cod can also be found in the lake.
Nute Gunray also knew the Sith Lord Darth Tyrannus was Sidious's second apprentice and played a large part in the separatist rebellion along with Gunray.
Touring with groups like Blue Rodeo helped built the group's following, and their 1998 album Song & Dance, Man has won them more fans and awards.
Daycare centers were very new back then and parents were afraid of the safety of their children.
Isotonic lifting is done with a smooth tempo during the reps.
"Another Part of Me" was released as the sixth single.
Because of this, the Ogakor and Kucha tribes merged (combined) with the same number of tribe members, instead of the possible six to four (which would have happened if Ogakor lost the Immunity Challenge and gone to Tribal Council).
Some of them have secret messages.
He was added into the Hall of Great Western Performers of the National Cowboy and Western Heritage Museum in 1997.
For example, bean sprout, onion, carrot, sweet pepper, pumpkin, or cabbage.
非经典逻辑缺乏上面這其中的某一个或多个特性。
He constantly describes ceremonial rites or superstitious customs.
His music has been performed at Carnegie Hall, citation Steinway Hall, Symphony Space, Le Poisson Rouge, Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, and others.
He took part in the Rivarol.
Some times when they live in houses they eat some of our pests like spiders and flies.
The place is also known as the Quindecim bar.
A small hillbilly-like town focused around one big house in the middle of the map that is secretly a meth lab.
但當地廟名與地名因為泉州腔發音而唸作「Kam-á」（gan3-a3 citation ）。
Some engines use a rotary blower instead.
县司鞫问，具得姦状，因断客死。
Fox is currently co-
春梅對山戈心懷愛慕，但山戈只鍾情於恩珠。
This continued until late 11th century.
Also from a prominent noble family the marriage was considered a good social match.
He also won a bronze medal at the 1995 World Amateur Boxing Championships and silver at the 1996 European Amateur Boxing Championships.
'un "En İyi 100 Müzikal" listesinde yer aldı.
Okonkwo is a wrestling champion and a hardworking man.
此後埃姆林·休斯國際賽生涯並沒有留下深刻印象，
Ivan says, “No, there is no God.”
He appeared in 2 episodes as a statistics analyst.
The second LP released by Crass was the double album Stations of the Crass.
Articles which include mark-up for one or more an Geo microformats.
人民行动党人看到“联盟”违反了早期的协议，
Also, water for washing should be over convert to keep the sebum molten.
Genellikle tek eşlidirler.
Today, people start puberty younger than in the 1840s.
The 2018–19 Russian Premier League (
Tenenbaum serves as Co-Editor-in-Chief of Cardiovascular Diabetology.
Namtok Sarika (น้ำตกสาริกา) is the most famous waterfall of Nakhon Nayok.
A baby can get it while inside its mother.
One by one, the remaining eleven "republics" of the Soviet Union also declared themselves as sovereign and independent states.
他反对“四种体液”理论，相信膳食治疗，而非药物治疗。
In order to work well, caches are small, compared to the whole amount of data.
》记载说：“史传泯灭，不知其世系” : 150 。
He wanted to impress Foster.
能说出两个音节的词语，超过两个音节的可以写出两个字的词语，在漫画14话甚至单凭这个和其他迷你偶像对话。
Bacanak, kız kardeşler ile evlenen erkeklerin birbirlerine göre akrabalık durumu.
The courtship of the Great Crested Grebe.
The surface part of the ocean, also called the mixed layer, is not much colder even when we go deeper down.
Actually, if the experiment did not start six months after the target was made, it would have been cancelled because they did not have enough berkelium for the experiment.
While this concept is also valid for gravity we do not use it.
His career lasted more than 60 years.
However, Benoit also countered it and held Triple H with Crossface hold that would force Triple H to submit.
同时他还积极筹划将莫斯科附近的集体农场合并为更大的农业城市，即使这样大的规模使其无法实施有效的管理。
The university was initially named, by Dr. Pridi Banomyong, ‘Vichar Thammasat Lae Karn Muang’ – ‘The University of Moral Science and Politics’.
洛約拉學院（Loyola College）任教。
'nde üst düzey idarecilik ve papazlığın yanında 2003-2016 arasında kardinal olarak görev yaptı.
The first post office in Dearing was created in January 1888. citation The city was incorporated in 1909.
Bu zaman boyunca kendisinden önce gelen bazı firavunların isimlerini silmeye çalışmış ve kısmen başarılı olmuştur.
And daily challenges and earn extra rewards.
朗之萬抗磁性理論可用于解釋閉殼層原子構成的物質的抗磁性。
Şehrin nüfusu 26 Kasım 2009 tarihinde toplam nüfusu 12.379'dur.
Vladimir Dedijer (Editor), Harvey L. Kendall (Translator), The Yugoslav Auschwitz and the Vatican: The Croatian Massacre of the Serbs During World War II (Prometheus Books.
将原云绣乡并入赵镇，原九龙镇并入淮口镇，原黄家乡并入三溪镇，竹篙镇双辉村及高板镇包包店村、茅庵塘村划归隆盛镇。
The remaining blue party members decided to create the "Fuerzas Armadas Revolucionarias de Colombia" (FARC); however, this group was ironically created to protect the oppressed people from their oppressors.
İlçenin ilk kuruluşu ve yerleşim yeri oluşu hakkında elimizde kesin bir bilgi olmamakla beraber, Romalılar devrinde ilk yerleşim yeri olarak kurulmuş olabileceği tahmin edilmektedir.
If the cuckoo lays her egg too late, when the reed warbler has finished laying, this will be noticed, too.
但这种蒸汽机比真空蒸汽机危险得多。
’yı ele geçirmeleriyle kıyaslanabilecek şekilde, Papalığın ve Kutsal Roma Cermen İmparatorluğu’nun tanıdığı imtiyazla işgal etti.
He holds the Guinness world record as of 2006, being 100 percent tattooed.
He also became a household name on the small screen appearing in such syndicated British sitcoms as The Invisible Man', 'The Edgar Wallace Mysteries', 'Scotland Yard', 'Ghost Squad', 'The Prisoner', 'The Sweeney, and QB VII.
He was one of the members of Sayukshin.
He was the mayor of João Alfredo between 1964 to 1966 and again from 2009 to 2013.
Bu arada bazı fabrikalarda üretim devam etmiştir.
Between May 2014 and January 2015, he was Minister of Defense.
Taps is a 1981 American drama movie directed by Harold Becker and based on the 1979 novel Father Sky by Devery Freeman.
Those things were documented by fact-checkers.
From the late 1960s until the middle 1970s, Dixon ran his own record label, Yambo Records.
Air traffic increased.
She held the position until Eva Hamilton took over on 5 November 5, 2006.
The majority in Akalla vote for the Social democratic party.
Also, they are unable to combine with other atoms to form compounds.
為了搜捕在逃疑犯，國家情報院同意智成提升仁川國際機場保安級別的要求。
His championship lead was reduced.
Polyurethanes are neither produced from ethyl carbamate, nor do they contain it.
In all, there are over 120 books, citation including some fiction.
This is called VAT (
For example, ununennium might be less reactive than caesium and francium and will behave more like potassium or rubidium.
More food was needed than could be gathered.
Chazzpalminteri.net. Retrieved on November 19, 2013.
The song was then featured on the House Nation IBIZA 2018 Album by Milk & Sugar.
日前，他們已經順利修復了四座教堂以及當中的壁畫，同時計劃復原教堂門口的銘文和裝飾。
Although Darwin's idea was revered in most of the western societies, many Russian intellectuals did not accept his ideas.
It is believed that the animals were traveling as a family unit, but it remains unknown if the group consists of a mated pair and their offspring, or two females and a juvenile they were caring for.
Köy zenginleri sabotajlar yoluyla köy kolhozunun hayvanlarının telef olmasına ve kundaklama yoluyla da yangınlara yol açmaktadırlar.
The station derived its name from the temple.
Trigliseridler yag asitlerine ve gliserine parçalanırken, gliserin ise direkt glikoz sentezinde görev alır.
Some Bibles contain other books as well.
在馬其頓斯拉夫少數民族組建了各種准軍事部隊如Ohrana，並與保加利亞軍隊緊密合作，
But it was classified as practice matches.
。 citation 格日勒鳥的化石只是碎片，
Seit frühere Kindheit verbrachte Fernanda also schon viel Zeit in Tonstudios.", S-Bahn Berlin 2010, Retrieved: August 4th, 2011 Fernanda spent much of her childhood time in studios.
Once the public heard this song, it became more successful than "Play That Funky Music".
They play at the Gewiss Stadium, which has a capacity of 21,300.
国际足联主席布拉特承认“因为许诺的东西太多，巴西民众都有点不满 ”。
In some math problems like the equation for a line, there can be more than one variable (x and y in this case).
The royal courts took the best of the local laws and used them throughout England.
It described Tepexpan Man as having "a high-domed, thin-walled skull" which contained "a brain the same size as those of present-day Indians."
North Vancouver, British Columbia: Whitecap Books.
In addition, people of the age of 65 and above have been forbidden to leave the house.
They try to stay together in groups of up to 150.
解放军在青化砭设下埋伏，歼敌4000人。
The region to the southwest had been declared an Aboriginal reservation in 1920.
棺材沟墓地的历史年代为卡约文化。
The historian reasoned that a nine or ten-year-old child (as given by the 1880 birth date) would have been too young to be allowed to greet such a delegation, while an adolescent of 14 or 15 (as given by the 1876 date) would likely have been allowed.
This meant that no one would be able to open the letter and then close it again, because the seal will break when the letter is opened.
The film was the first to be shot using Paramount's new VistaVision process, with color by Technicolor.
Looking even closer, you can see the three different pixels at the bottom.
She is immortal and lived on an island that makes anyone who lives there immortal for the time of their stay, though once they leave they can never come back.
'da doğdu ve din eğitimi aldı.
The Spanish remain loyal to their former king, Ferdinand VII.
This makes the Voortrekker Monument an important structure to the white Afrikaner bloodline (children), because it shows many pictures, reliefs and statutes inside the building of what happened in the history of those years.
The Romanian Army defeated the Turks in all the battles.
She released five Spanish a languages albums with them, each having chart and sales success.
Low Upkeep becomes 50 from 40. High Upkeep becomes 80 from 70.
He plays a political role of overseeing the local councils and acts as a kind of political envoy.
、黑箱作業行為，他代表民進黨黨團予以嚴正抗議。
Harrington, said that Bass was captured by the Spanish in Chile and sent to the silver mines.
Beetles eat the most when they are larvae.
She kills many of them and is later rescued by a hooded woman.
In 2010 (last national census), there were people living in the Barahona province, and 156,513 (main) living in towns and cities.
He was U12 European champion in 2006, U14 European Youth Champion in 2008 and U16 European champion in 2010.
Review by Geoff Adams-Spink in the London Evening Standard, 5 July 2018.
It is called the "Rucellai Madonna" because the Rucellai, who were a very rich family, paid for the decoration of the main chapel of the church, where this altarpiece was hung in the 1600s.
It follows the adventures of an immortal boy and his dog as they face pirates and other dangers from the high seas to the mountains.
If the team makes a connection from left to right, they win.
The Corvette was made as a convertible again starting in 1986.
It existed from 57 BC to 935 and is famous as the longest sustained country in Korean history.
The Blonds held the titles for five months.
Throughout the 1990s he broke records for both sales and concert attendance.
Jasper Conran began designing his signature range of crystal for Waterford in 1999.
。 citation citation 在注册过程中，游戏和所需的浏览器插件自动下载。
They thought that social progress could not be stopped.
Today, some mathematics is needed in many jobs.
可以區分為前置介詞（簡稱前置詞，preposition）、後置介詞（postposition）和框式介詞（circumposition）。
The faith emphasizes unity and defense of fellow Muslims, so it is common for these nations to cooperate.
The memorial is made up of 270 stones, one for each person killed in the disaster.
Tüm bu olaylar bir yandan Sang-man ile hemşire Yun-soo'yu yakınlaştırır.
Katherine Goble Johnson wrote 26 research reports.
Freeways that go around cities are called loop routes and start with an even number.
Conduction can happen when one part of a material is heated.
A male who has such a tatau is called a soga'imiti.
Park’s high scores on electronics screening made him eligible for entry into the 1st Anti-Guerrilla Group.
Fennec entered first, killed the guards and freed the slave.
On October 4, 2003, PM Edition Weekend was launched, airing at a late night time: 11 p.m.-2 a.m. Two presenters were Adam Berg and Betty Davis.
由於地理位置之故，於美國獨立之後，19世紀上半葉，大量移民經此向西前進；
“Actors and Actor – Managers at Rome in the Time of Plautus and Terence,” in Greek and Roman Actors: Aspects of an Ancient Profession.
Partly because of this, it has become the most well-known version of the Gettysburg Address.
It was the first time that a misspelling on the Stanley Cup had ever been corrected.
The town grew rich during the 16th and early 17th centuries.
When the milk ran out, she saw a small cocoon.
丹尼 去他的別墅偷了他一愊屬于 圖盧爾 的名畫。
Houghton Mifflin Books for Children.
原因之一Miers退出她2005年最高法院提名是潛在的問她如何處理 GTECH和得克薩斯州彩票。
Yarı finalde Pertevniyal'i 68-65 ile eleyen takım, finalde Karşıyaka'yı 64-53 yenerek Fenerbahçe'ye 25 yıl sonra genç erkekler kategorisinde Türkiye şampiyonluğunu kazandırdı.
In 1796, James Callendar wrote a book called The History of the United States for 1796.
Ada üzerinde küçük bir havaalanı bulunmaktadır.
Ibid., 60. Israel won the war, and the Arab coalition and Nasser’s efforts to create a unified Arab Middle East suffered a major setback.
The manga is about a girl called Hotaru and her friend Gin.
It includes a port of Super Mario All-Stars.
The ocelli are on the top of the beetle’s head.
He also wrote the children's book The Tree of Seasons.
United States Food and Drug Administration.
Also, after the coup many rumors and myths emerged about Allende’s death and life.
Selena signed a record agreement with EMI Latin in 1989.
The Holocaust destroyed or greatly reduced the large Jewish communities and the Yiddish language in Europe.
Peter uses the tank for himself.
In addition, players sometimes should pose for getting more scores.
經由薩拉協助，印第安納與瑪莉安帶著約櫃，
，藩兵约500人加入到新政府军参与函馆战争作战。
It is also a very beautiful city.
Kurlander cut it out, but said, "I'd been told never to throw anything away, so after he left I picked it up off the floor, put about 20 seconds of red leader tape before it, and stuck it onto the end of the edit tape."
由於性格沒什麼突出，因此經常只是配角。
關中認為此仗是為下次戰役準備，輸了雖敗猶榮，僥倖贏了大功一件，至少可在選戰中測出張博雅本人的真正實力。
But the show was canceled due to low ratings on October 2009.
Kobushi熱內盧》的PV；「初回生產限定盤B」收錄了《來吧青春!
PMKOR database count is slightly higher due to several entries pending administrative review.
過去曾發售足柄古道、萬葉登山套票。
Binaural beat technology in humans: a pilot study to assess neuropsychologic, physiologic, and electroencephalographic effects.
，從而被判處叛國罪，剝奪了其他的職位和頭銜；
When he returned to the United States three years later, he taught European languages, first at Bowdoin and then at Harvard.
Sırça (camdan) saraylar masallarda yer alır.
He also created advertisement jingles before radio was born.
"Hierarchy in the forest: the evolution of egalitarian behavior" page 198 Harvard University Press.
Segregation in other places was still legal.
He was convicted to serve 7 years in prison.
He acts as though he does not care about Zack and Cody.
The poem is a synthesis of different Greek stories and traditions.
He was the founder of Publicis & Hal Riney.
It focuses on Kuzco studying for school.
Austria-Hungary blamed Serbia for the assassination.
Brett Crozier was captain of the USS Blue Ridge from June 2017 to November 2018.
He was leader of the opposition in the Assembly during the next two years.
It is a summer pear, not as tolerant of cold as some varieties.
After he spent a year there, he returned to Paris, studied and passed his medical internship exam.
Other events such as skiing and snowboarding had to be held in mountain areas.
From eleven onwards, Spanish numbers are exclusively used in Waray today, their native counterparts being almost unheard of by the majority of native speakers numbers (except for gatus for hundred and yukot for thousand).
This is called following, and subscribers are known as followers.
翌日，朝鮮中央通訊社也宣告金正恩將會出訪俄羅斯與普京會談，但未透露具體日期 。
Stopes was one of the most highly educated women of her time.
After the Americans captured the Marshall Islands in January 1944, the Japanese military leaders thought about their situation.
It is also authorize to build roads within Nagar Panchayat limits and impose taxes on properties coming under its jurisdiction.
的人物，同时请参见：246年逝世。
Even though this is a study that was conducted in China, examples of this can also be seen everywhere in the world including Conwy.
Supreme（至尊/至高，簡稱：SUP）
所以需要把天文学的观察仪器放置到太空中。
A flying lariat is a move where a wrestler uses the ropes to build up speed, leaps forward and wrap their arm around the opponent's neck which causes the power of the force to knock the opponent down.
Ebeveyninin dördüncü çocuğu olan Eduard, Bohemya'nın kuzeydoğusundaki Stracov'da doğdu, ancak matematik yeteneğinin ilk kez ortaya çıktığı Hradec Kralove'deki Gymnasium'a katıldı ve bu sırada matematik öğretmeni olmaya karar verdi.
Each state's House of Representatives only deals with issues that affect that state.
He was the head publisher of Aufbau-Verlag from 1983 to 1992.
A bus and train hit each other.
Riley doesn't have any female friends.
The thinner teeth and lighter skeleton of Qianzhousaurus suggest it hunted smaller creatures, such as lizards and feathered dinosaurs.
Ancak bu kelimenin anlamı bilinmemektedir.
Seaweed extract is used in some diet pills.
因請帝親近儒臣，正其心以出號令，用渾樸為天下先，初詔所革，無遷就以廢公議。
In 1930, Liddle got a pastoral lease from the government for a block of land around the Wollara Range.
Players can move their tiles around.
There are many different calendar eras such as Saka Era.
It went straight to No.5 in the UK Albums Chart. citation Like Fur and Gold it was nominated for the Mercury Prize but didn't win.
It is 210 km long with 7,710 km² watershed.
Penda, now the most powerful king in England took Lindsey.
M114的原設計裝有一個可360度旋轉的封閉式炮塔，
More than a thousand of them represented species new to science.
The town is in the Altmühl river valley.
At the beginning of the 21st century the bridge was old and too small for the traffic.
Kalorik reaksiyon olarak adlandırdığı bir dizi deney ile gözlemlerine devam etti.
's Memphis Blues was said to be the inspiration for the Foxtrot.
Comedian was taken out of the art gallery on December 8, 2019.
The line could take the much drier route from Tarcoola to Alice Springs.
This removed much of Sejanus' legal powers and protection.
The first estimate of LM3's age was made in 1976 by the team of scientists from the Australian National University (ANU) who excavated LM3.
In 1838, he helped found the Manchester Geological Society.
After this, Vulović became a producer and manager, Delčić pursued a solo career with his band Sklekovi, and Vasiljević and Lukić became a part of the supergroup Familija.
Their plan is to use the tower to bring demons to earth, take Sparda's power, and to take over the world.
Bonus puanları, gruplardaki uzaylıları yok etmek ya da uçuş sırasında düşmanları almakla verilir.
Even if they used to go to Puerto Rico and the Hispaniola to fight against the Taínos, they lived only in the Lesser Antilles when Columbus got to America.
The Battle of Falling Waters was the last battle in the Gettysburg Campaign.
In the Persian Gulf Region it is called a sheila.
For example: a key signature of one sharp is either G major or E minor.
The Church is known to have been involved with weapon and munitions manufacturing in Korea since the 1960s, as documented in a 1978 United States Congressional Report on the Unification Church.
Compared with gomphotheres, the teeth of modern elephants are quite different.
He was Buffy's second Watcher.
O, bu olayı çeşitli Romalı soylulara anlattıktan sonra intihar etti.
He got permission to publish them, but they were never published.
Two major tragedies occurred during his reign: the explosion of a ship filled with gunpowder in the heart of the city of Leiden in 1807, and a major flood in 1809.
At aphelion Hygiea reaches out to the extreme edge of the asteroid belt at the perihelia of the Hilda family which is in 3:2 resonance with Jupiter.
和Areva-Transnuclear NUHOMS ）在生產和銷售鋼和混凝土結構的贮存桶，稱爲“獨立乏燃料儲存設備”（Independent Spent Fuel Storage Installations）。
Yapışkan bandaj yara ve kabuğu sürtünme, bakteri, hasar ve kirden korur.
。 citation citation 他也曾到访中国，两年间在全国各地举办了数百场讲座，
They have more recently released The E.N.D., an album that has had the successful singles "
People who even tried would give up.
Bu sahnelemeye yapılan, daha çok uyarı anlamına gelen lütufkar eleştiriler, bir kez daha Brecht’in özel bir konumda olduğunu ve ADC’de sanat çalışmalarının keyfine vardığını, açıkça gösteriyordu.
Thousands of people follow their Twitter account.
船塢登陸艦，共建造8艘，取代总数8艘的托瑪斯頓級船塢登陸艦。
在諸戶氏庭園一旁的main為1910年代由第二代main所建的西式住宅，其擁有池泉回遊式的日本庭園，佔地面積達18,000平方公尺；六華苑已在1990年被捐贈給桑名市政府，現已列為國家重要文化財產及名勝並對外開放參觀。
From the 2000s, Orin Choco Pie has been exported all over the world.
紅頭側頸龜因頭部的紅色斑點而得名，幼時甲色扁向淺棕色，而頭部的紅色斑點顏色會比較鮮艷，長大後雌性的斑點顏色會變淡，而雄性則會保持鮮艷。
Museum entrance, showing a F2Y Sea Dart on the left and an A-12 Oxcart on the right.
This means that the copy of the data is not identical to the original.
All of the top teams had weaknesses.
The Waterworks Museum is a museum in the Chestnut Hill Waterworks building.
He has worked in feature movies and television.
In August 2020, he was elected Leader of the Liberal Democrats, beating Layla Moran in the contest.
随后联合国调查委员会于1962年举行了一系列听证会，部分听取了罗得西亚先前询问的证词。
The mouth piece is also a way to tune the saxophone.
They are still common in cities today.
This is how the Prophet taught his disciples.
波斯人打算利用这次征服在精神上打击雅典人，促使雅典城内的叛乱分子义无返顾的倒向波斯方面。
He started photography as a hobby using a basic CANON DSLR camera.
It is also the seat for the borough of Guildford.
，镬厂坪以南的山区，蜿蜒北流，经信宜市钱排镇、
Wine is a popular drink in many countries.
In 2006, he appointed Robert Sillen as receiver to take over the health care system of the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation; he replaced Sillen with J. Clark Kelso in 2008.
These can be any kind of meaningful personal activity or peaceful experience.
Teaming up with Chandra Bose, he did many musical programmes in stage.
Belton O'Neal Compton Jr. (February 5, 1951 February 18, 2019) was an American actor and businessman.
由於該月台設有柵欄，因此事實上設有2面3線月台。
Behnken was selected as an astronaut by NASA in 2000 and is a veteran of two space shuttle flights.
This is commonly regarded as being the largest purely vertical drop on Earth at 1,250 m (4,100 ft).
'un kendilerine vermiş olduğu vaatlerin tümünün hemen yerine getirilmesini istediler.
Çeyrek finalde 16 takım eşleşti ve rakiplerine üstünlük sağlayan 8 takım yarı final turuna yükseldi.
目睹樂佩的潛力覺醒後，最終批准樂佩出國追尋自己的命運。
Usually this means that an operator can give commands to a machine over a telephone wire, or wireless internet from far away, and the computer can report back with the measurements it takes.
Kesilen sahnelerle beraber süre 88 dakikaya indi.
只由孤点构成的集合称为离散集合。
'nın püskürtmesi sonucu oluşan volkanik bir dağdır.
It is eventually deposited into the ocean floor.
The C11 revision that replaced the C99 revision is still not supported in recent versions of Visual C++, however the company has plans to add them in future versions.
The Slavs in European History and Civilization Rutgers University Press, 1962.
Garrison life at Vindolanda: a band of brothers.
He added: "A lot of bands are quite ambitious with their music, mixing lots of different styles — and when I see that I think it's great."
因此，本站採用特殊相對式2面2線形態，上行線兩側皆有月台。
One of the pack gets ratty and Bella loses it, giving him a hard slap round the face.
Some do go to synagogue, visit friends, or have special meals.
顏理國, 22 July 1930 – 20 December 2020) was a British police officer and civil servant.
Throughout their trip, they encounter a variety of different people that sometimes help them, and other times try to hurt them.
Certain features of the operating system, and the ability to install certain resource-intensive apps.
Coats is married to Marsha Coats.
Gaz fazındaki biçim değişiklikleri bilgisi sonradan yapıların başlangıçtaki dağılımlarını çıkartmak için haritalandırılabilir.
Internet Explorer has introduced an array of proprietary extensions to many of the standards, including HTML, CSS, and the DOM.
Caricature of the Third Estate carrying the First Estate (clergy) and the Second Estate (nobility) on its back.
Each species of boss has different fighting styles and ways of defeating.
The terminal was built on an area of 16,400 m² (176,528 ft²) and has four bridges connecting the terminal and aircraft.
Where the Rubber Meets the Road citation is an advertisement jingle (short song) that was frequently used in the 1960s and 1970s, especially on televised sporting events.
Bent molecules will have a bond angle of less than 180° but still have only two atoms bonded to the central atom of a molecule.
Improvements in software and hardware, and rapidly-lowering costs, popularized desktop publishing and enabled very fine control of typeset results at much lower cost than the minicomputer-based systems.
》发表《大力加强干部的马克思主义理论培训工作》。
》和《迂迴的愛情》收錄於所有版本，《第幾次的藍天？
总人口14571（2001年）。
Auerbach and Carney were friends when they were children.
There can also be turn lanes on the outer part of the road.
These brine pools are completely without any oxygen (
Erginlerin uzunlukları genelde 70 cm civarındadır.
二二八事件時同樣被國民政府捕殺的朴子知名人士還有朴子鎮副鎮長張榮宗。
Dünya sıralamasında 1. ve 2. sırada olan Naomi Osaka ve Karolina Plíšková üçüncü turda sırasıyla Kateřina Siniaková ve Petra Martić tarafından elendi.
More complex issues began to arise as the typical A-and-B-side format of singles gave way to 12 inch singles and maxi-singles, many of which contained more than one B-side.
Wittenberg became one of the most important German towns of political, cultural, historical, and artistic advances in the 16th century.
The Popular Party for French Democracy (Parti populaire pour la démocratie française, PPDF) began in July 1995.
Şubat 1992'de hükûmeti Hırvatistan egemenliğinin resmi olarak tanınması karşılığında Krajina'daki etnik Sırplara toprak özerkliği önerme yasalarını önerdi.
It came from Cairn Gorm.
Schools, colleges, prisons, hospitals, and the armed forces commonly provide the services of chaplains.
The Acts of the Apostles often tell things about Paul which Paul does not tell himself in his letters.
Bablu is a lawyer and president of Muktagachha Upazila BNP.
Crowe'nin makalerilerinden oluşan arşivi, Northampton, Massachusetts'teki Smith Koleji'nde Sophia Smith Koleksiyonu'nda bulunmaktadır.
Currie and Harvie are the main songwriters for the band.
After the execution of the Romanov family, Alexandra's body, along with Nicholas, their children and some servants who died with them, was stripped and the clothing burnt.
He was born in Harlem, New York City on October 19, 1971.
Papal infallibility has been declared twice in the history of the Catholic Church.
Players start with a stack of cards that have not been sorted.
In 2007, 19645 people lived there.
In 2001, the show was revived.
The band is named after the 1985 novel, Exodus by Leon Uris.
They were allowed to do this on 6 May 1833.
對方已答允再次來港作賽，並會於2008年8月29日抵港，重新穿上27號球衣。
Its song delights the Emperor.
Other people think that the name comes from Mount Mindara.
When the channel started, it belonged to 10 EBU members.
He gives a 8.8/10 rating and praised its functionality and future potential.
，但搬入工業區的大多都是較具規模的企業，而較少新興公司，變相只能幫助企業獲得巨額收入，而不能幫助新興的企業發展。
Mrs Truman continued to live a quiet and private life.
Since 1 May 1996 the mayor has been Roland Helfrich.
各自擁有特殊能力的四人強盜集團收復被奪走的「營業額」的故事。
空军航空大学简介，现代教育科学2011年03期 。
In spite of the company's success, Ballets Russes did not have a permanent home.
该反应之所以称之为自终止自由基反应，是因为该反应中不存在链引发过程且自由基引发剂为化学等当量添加。
Its capital is Zaragoza, which is also the capital of the autonomous community.
Orekunrin became a doctor when she was twenty one.
It was established in 1948 from a merger of the Freedom Party (PvdV) and the Oud Committee.
Eighteen countries participated in the second semi-final.
They rush his stretcher onto a hospital ship, hoping to get aboard, but are ordered off.
Life became dangerous for Jews in Hungary.
Boyle's first album I Dreamed a Dream was released on 23 November 2009.
Tipik yeni Mısırca özellikleri taşıyan formlar 17. Hanedana ait metinlerde rastlanmaktadır.
Grenade "deer antler with eight branches" of the French National Gendarmerie.
Niccolo Tommaseo is the most famous Dalmatian Italian.
They wanted to be able to eat at the store's restaurant along with white people.
After seeing that the Lost Levels was too hard, they did not release it in North America and Europe.
Finn is most known for his music with his band Split Enz.
They went on boat trips, swimming and to the theatre.
Gaps between soil particles are called pore spaces or voids.
This instruction adds the value of the 2 byte integer stored at 1000h to ax and stores the answer in ax.
The movie was made with the help of all of the passengers' families.
Washington, D.C. was planned before it was built.
Now a company called International Paper owns it.
He is the founder and honorary chairman of the Legal Network for Truthful Elections (LENTE) and key activist of the National Citizens' Movement for Free Elections (NAMFREL).
The college gave Cope an honorary master's degree and hired him to teach Zoology.
He was the youngest cabinet minister in Polish history.
When the Liberian legislature met in session to consider colonel Dean’s recommendation for legislative enactment, it was suggested that choosing any month and date to be set aside as Army Festival would be inappropriate.
A person who plays the organ is called an organist.
在故事中，雷震與段譽結成兄弟。
He was the third Presiding Officer of the Scottish Parliament from 2007 until 2011.
加里寧格勒電車在1895年至2001年期間實現電氣化，是俄羅斯最早電氣化的有軌電車 citation 。
After the single charted, an English-language version (named "Rendez-Vous") was recorded.
In 2004, he played in the Mascouche competition MusiQualité, where he won two prizes.
：「天下未定，鬥將如寧難得，宜容忍之。
They can be bright green, yellow-green, or brownish-green.
For many years it was these editions that were usually performed.
At the same time, Popper is given the task of buying "Tavern on the Green", where he used to eat with his father as a child.
It was the limited time version to celebrate the 15th anniversary of Tokyo Disney Sea.
This shows the current atomic model.
Önce arkadaşları ile katliam yaptığı yerden uzaklaşır ve çadır kurarlar.
Reagan left office in January 1989.
因沈培平能够如实供述其所犯罪行，认罪悔罪，法院已对其从轻处罚，且有重大立功表现 citation 。
Movable Ink's technology allows email marketers to pull real-time content from their websites and embed that information into emails.
The French call this cider cidre demi-sec or cidre brut (classique).
Participants were told they would be helping out in a "learning experiment".
Sometimes stumps are able to grow again into new trees.
In Taoism it is believed that opposites rely on each other to exist.
這生成函數使新哈密頓量 恆等於 0 。
There are several styles of structures used in different cultures.
截至2018年，西地那非在英國可以不經處方就能獲得 citation 。
民國《麻城縣志·卷八上·選舉志一》：（萬曆）三十四年 丙午（舉人） ……陳以聞……三十五年 丁未（進士） ……陳以聞 侍郎 ，
Then the same kinds of discs, in the same order, again and again.
After numerous fires caused by unstable nitrate films, safety film started to be used from the 1930s in the case of X-ray stock and from 1948 for motion picture film.
，邊示威邊高喊口號抗議香港政府的管治。
DSP'den milletvekili olarak seçildi ancak bir dönem içerisinde ANAP, DYP, MHP ve DSP partilerinin rozetlerini yakasına taktı.
The stadium was called "PSI Net Stadium" up until 2001 when the PSI Net company went bankrupt.
Jean Erdman (February 20, 1916 May 4, 2020) was an American dancer and choreographer.
除此之外，近年在敦煌、吐鲁番分别出土了该书的官文书残片，被初步考证为其中的卷三九《皇帝祫享于太庙》和卷六五《时旱祈于太庙》 。
She thinks Siegfried is frivolous.
霍爾效應感測器可以用來測量磁場、旋轉速度、液體流速、電流、壓力等等。
There were nine chapters around the country with at most, about 1000 members.
Athena revealed herself, and let the contest begin.
Other American artists sought her advice.
In 1963 he was admitted to the Nevada Bar.
Until 1992, it was named Haute-Sangha.
It is home to the state's first medical school.
Knight went on to win season three's Fan Favorite award and to place fourth in the overall competition.
Add it to the sum.
It is recommended that they are a textured, water‑based acrylic, straight and have clean, crisp edges.
后又1407年至1433年的二十多年间，先后七次出海远航，经过三十多个国家，
She has taught herself how to bend.
The second song was "Pothe jete jete khujechi tomay" for singer Nasim Ali Khan.
These rules predict the UV absorption maximum of compounds.
随着考溪流经断裂处，它也通过了它两边的高高的、
，在今越西县地设邛部州，后又为大理国所据。
They released their eponymous debut studio album Into Eternity in 1999.
Latince kaynak olan Simon de Saint-Quentin’in çalışması orijinalde günümüze ulaşmamıştır.
；深圳站主要承担广深铁路本线城际列车及全国主要城市始发和到达长途列车，而布吉站、深圳西站主要承担全国各地次要城市（例如安徽、江西、湖南、湖北、四川等民工比较集中的省份）始發和到达长途列车；当时规划布吉站每天将始發长途旅客列车28趟，客流量约3万人，“一主两辅”的格局也于1998年列入铁道部制定的全国铁路总图规划。
In July 2012, T-ara released their fourth extended play (EP), with the title Day by Day.
Crime Fighting Heroes of Television: Over 10,000 Facts from 151 Shows, 1949-2001.
每一個部落包含城市地區一區、沿海一區、以及內陸一區，以將不同地區混合的方式打破貴族世家擁地自重，互相攻訐的狀況。
He was known for his roles in Yuppi du, Brancaleone at the Crusades, and Million Dollar Eel.
Eddy akımı fren yapmak için kullanılır.
The bite of a Red Bellied Black Snake is very dangerous and requires immediate medical attention.
Their temperament is jovial.
Interpreters generally also offer translation services.
Et kültürü bulunan her bölgede benzer ürünler görmek mümkündür.
這類的地形往往是成为两个水体之间的通航障碍，卻是两块陆地之间的重要桥梁，在軍事上、經濟上都顯得意义重要；
The facility is named after the late mayor of Rosemont, Donald E. Stephens.
Kim released his first album, A Promise.
Muryeong of Baekje (462–523, r. 501–23), also known as Sama, was a 6th-century Korean king.
Rahman also earned Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Music Director and Filmfare Best Music Director Award (Tamil) for his work.
Keep the infant upright, with his or her head directly under the chin.
Quotations were arranged in a single column.
Amelia Cabeza de Pelayo Patterson, also known as Amy Patterson (16 July 1912 – 28 December 2019) was an Argentine composer, singer, poet, and teacher.
）; Hansen, p. 62; Warrior, p. 87. 。
The food street is open to traffic in the morning but is closed to motorized vehicles at sunset.
She also praised Rangel's colony era work which was used "to denounce colonial dictatorship," and pointed out that many of Rangel's photographs had been banned until Mozambique's independence.
This is called naked short selling.
拜仁以4比0顺利晋级 ，其中曼朱基齐射入两球，沙奇里和皮萨罗则各有一球入账 。
Additionally, the Third Precinct's windows were smashed.
Excursion A59, Vertebrate palaeontology of Eastern Canada.
Several commanders were replaced.
Compare, for example, with the manuscript sources for the old Indo/Arabic version of chess.
Japan attacked so that the U.S. Pacific Fleet, which was a collection of ships that the United States could use in a war, would not enter that war.
The fact that there were new industries created new ways of managing industries.
Both use a 1500 word core vocabulary, short sentences, and slow delivery (about 90 words per minute).
At the time of its 2007 sale, the price paid at auction for the Guennol Lioness was the highest paid for a sculpture to that date.
They are commercially fished in many areas of the northwestern Pacific.
保罗说，罗姆尼对特朗普性格的批评对国家和共和党都不利。
These games are RPG style games, and are always feature new Pokémon, in a new region, with a new Protagonist, or are a remake in some way of a previous man series game.
此外，節奏方面使用了更多的Blastbeat技法，
The same disease is thought to have returned to Europe every generation with different degrees of intensity and fatality until the 1700s.
Bu bina el sanatları müzesi olarak kullanılmaktadır.
因为菲娅莉选择附身主角，所以他必须前往圣域，从玛娜之树脚下拔出玛娜之剑恢复世界和平，如果能在树死亡前完成，玛娜女神就会实现他的愿望。
It is like the older measure of instructions per second.
All over the world, children who ate meals at school had less access to food when the schools were shut down.
The player controls the game by holding the Wii Remote sideways.
The company's first village opened at Sherwood Forest, Nottinghamshire, in 1987.
The first goal of oxygen carrying blood substitutes is just to mimic blood's oxygen transport capacity.
Over the days that follow, the Professor and Bormenthal look far more relaxed than at any time before Sharikov's arrival.
A. R. Rahman won the National Film Award for Best Music Direction, the first time ever by a debutant.
UHT型目前仍然尚欠一門機頭機炮，
He has also played for Russia.
朝圣者在俄罗斯大院（1860年代）
They say that models used in racing or other competition under their rules may not have any nitro in their mix.
The light is usually in a particular frequency interval or band.
正统六年（1441年）正月甲寅至戊午，明廷进行了为期五天的廷议 陆韧（2010），4页 。
River Sutlej is to the east and River Ravi is to the west of Okara.
其後之第二批和第三批，均各撥交警備開發總隊1500員。
A doctoral advisor (or dissertation director or dissertation advisor) is a university faculty member whose helps guide graduate students who are candidates for a doctorate degree.
The berry is oblong and ovoid.
The female cares for the eggs, guarding them against predators, and gently blows currents of water over them so they get enough oxygen.
Rizal looked up to him.
There was also a lot of remedial guidance that appealed to individual personalities, such as violence avoidance education, social development education, and hope development courses.
In recent years the stadium has been modernised, firstly to bring it in line with the all-seating regulations, then rebuilt totally to make a new ground.
The Central Land Council runs a ranger program in Imanpa.
After the occupation ended, nationalist groups in Japan tried to convince the government to bring back the holiday.
He was married to Branca Bezerra and had four children.
This means that it will disappear if the computer is turned off.
影響阻褐基因的突變體被稱為對野生型的「隱性」（而該野生型則是顯性），
They released their first song in 2013.
The light brown areas are the tracks left behind, and show where the body of the snake touched the ground.
那霸市中心地區平坦，但近郊地區則丘陵環繞。
The computer replies.
，指媒体对死亡「保持沉默」的说法是不准确的。
Heihachi learned that his own genome did not have the Devil Gene, but he knew someone who had it, Jin Kazama.
Ülke genelinde ayrıca %5,6 oranında Batı ve Orta Afrika dinlerine, %1 düzeyinde de başka dinlere inanan bir kesim mevcuttur.
But in reality, the ship broke in two before sinking.
Patios were centers of household religious dedication focused on patron or domestic deities.
Epsom Downs railway station opened in 1865.
He also co-wrote two episodes of Skins.
They had all joined the group on their own whenthey were teenagers.
A Middle Triassic dinosauriform from Tanzania.
The artists performed the song at Super Bowl XLVI.
According to Scientology, the lower the individual is on the tone scale, the more complex his problems are.
Zeus also forbids the gods from pursuing vengeance against them.
Their further progress north was stopped by the southward movement of the Nilotic tribes, while the Nilotic Kavirondo in their turn had their wanderings arrested by an irruption of Elgumi people (themselves probably of Nilotic origin) from the east.
He used the scheme after moving from Italy to the United States in 1903.
The article outlines what a sustanable building designer does for their clients and explains specialties of sustainable building design.
Most cocktails were invented in the late 19th or early 20th centuries.
The soldiers asked the lady what the name of the place was.
He has to leave his mother there.
The happy marriage produced six children.
Cortés: The Life of the Conqueror by His Secretary.
Nash and Crosby had met earlier in England, and got back in touch in California.
John Lee Ratcliffe citation (born October 20, 1965) is an American politician and attorney.
，成立於1986年，面積5,755平方公里，
The home was built close to the slaughterhouses, holding pens and tanneries just east of the freshwater Collect Pond.
，每集約5分鐘 citation 。
As of 2016, 820 people lived there.
这种结构的另外一个“优点”是噪音很大，像一辆“真正”的车。
Satanism, Satan is considered to be a good force.
中影提供李安新臺幣1,200萬和另外15%的彈性預算，共計1,350萬新臺幣 : 69-70, 78 。
In 2001 there were 1,710 people living in Haughley.
This market form is quite common.
It is given here just to show what it looked like.
It started in 2004 as an associaton of different parties.
The binding of bacterial molecules to receptors on the surface of a macrophage triggers it to engulf and destroy the bacteria.
However, the recent change between glacial and inter-glacial states that occurs on a circa 100,000 year (100 ka) timescale, does not correlate well with these factors.
Bandura suggests that watching people similar to oneself succeed with sustained effort raises the observers' beliefs that they also have the ability to master similar activities to succeed.
He raped, tortured, and killed of at least 21 children and young people in 1979 and 1980 in Southern California.
Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press, 2003.
It is said to have cost the Japanese government around $150 billion, which is equivalent to about 12 trillion yen.
He refuses to go to a doctor or a hospital, and insists Joe takes him to Florida.
If you break the law or try to break it, you will be punished.
These bars were called Ration D Bars and Tropical Chocolate Bars.
最初临博山路建成的部分为一栋二层德式商业建筑，正立面三段式划分，檐口中央起山花，窗户以砖拱装饰。
，並且主張恢復早期教會的真理。
，因為雙方就未來發展上的意見有分歧 citation 。
The Sikhs and forces of the British Raj fought many wars.
Derbies in other countries sometimes require the horse to be four years old.
The population of crows is limited to crows that exist now or in the future.
The result is liquid steel, which is then tapped away and taken to rolling mill to produce steel products.
The story of Act I takes place 25 years later.
This way of turning functions to other functions is very similar to U Substitution.
; some species take prey bigger than they are, particularly when working together.
They are also served as a dessert.
Dholes can whistle, although how they whistle is unknown.
Daha da önemlisi, bu depremde çok sayıda öğrenci, öğretmen ve mezun yaşamını yitirmiştir.
A decision can be made in different ways.
Units 1616 and 1491 (formed as an eight-car train) were purchased in 1996, and unit 1744 was purchased in 1998.
But who was Bing?
For example, a pull-up uses the muscles on top of the arm to help the back muscles in this exercise.
進入2014年，廣州市規劃局透露研究把8號線經江高鎮，再沿廣花公路延長至廣州北站，隨後該段作為8號線北延段（滘心至廣州北站段，又稱為8號線北北延段）於2017年3月下旬獲國家發改委批覆立項。
In Mozambique, the British India rupees were overstamped.
日落村于1990年代投入使用，位于山腰正中，均为中密度地中海风格建筑，有一个草坪广场被三栋建筑半包围。
Super Mario Maker received positive reviews upon its release, with reviewers praising the game's user interface and course editing tools.
She is married to musician and songwriter Keir Nuttall.
Logo of the Universal Esperanto Association.
Back at the university, she worked for the website "Mogilev.
He conducted many operas as well as orchestral concerts.
Decepticon'lar Autobot üssünün yerini bulurlar ve üsse saldırı yaparlar.
，功能活跃，还可见到肥大的线粒体，和是机体对低氧环境代偿的结果。
In April 1978, Richmond was arrested in Washington for soliciting sex from a 16-year-old boy.
而文字后面也加上了可爱的音符图案。
H II regions give birth to thousands of stars over several million years.
It is like a directory, or a phone book.
Sture Allén (born 31 December 1928) is a retired Swedish professor.
林風眠在1925年到1927年擔任不到兩年的校長，
He was born in Newtonmore.
Her yıl olmak üzere toplam 3 uluslararası toplantı gerçekleştirilmiştir.
Wallpaper was made to look like rugs that hang on walls because they were like pictures.
第一座建于1957年至1964年之间，产生了称为阿拉贡海的巨大水域。
It earned him the nickname "
The DMZ has many landmines, tanks, electric wires, machine gun towers, and guards on both sides.
N. J. Higham, The Kingdom of Northumbria AD 350–1100 (Dover, NH: Alan Sutton, 1993), p. 174 Their location on the coast of Northumbria made them easy targets for Viking raids.
Some paleontologists think Jane was a young tyrannosaurid, about 11 years old when she died.
It was the 5th No Way Out event.
The members leave from the settlement in the month of August till February to earn for their family.
》：「或有外道，引世現喻，執後為前因。
The tribe still holds Crater Lake in high regard as a spiritual site.
John Green invented the seraphine, which produced music when air was blown over metallic reeds.
Ned Kelly let one man go free at 3.00am, the school teacher Thomas Curnow, who said he had to get home to his wife.
斯大林在同布哈林右倾机会主义分子作斗争时，引证了列宁一九一九年说过的一段话：“消灭阶级要经过长期的、艰难的、顽强的阶级斗争。
Afterwards Kodansha published the completed series in volumes.
，主要於兩韓的停戰談判時使用，其身後微微凸起的門檻即為軍事分界線。
She appeared in dozens of movies between the 1920s and 1960.
Anne and Michael decided to marry without church permission.
The province was founded on October 6, 1860. citation Babahoyo was made its capital on September 30, 1948.
Fakültenin, Erzincan Binali Yıldırım Üniversitesi Hukuk Fakültesi Dergisi, 1997 yılından itibaren kesintisiz olarak yayımlanmakta olup 2002 yılı Aralık sayısı itibarıyla ulusal hakemli dergi niteliği kazanmıştır.
It is the oldest callsign still used in New York City.
Paris took Helen home with him to Troy.
Casus yazılımların sanıldığından da yaygın olduğu aşağıdaki birkaç istatistikte de görülmektedir.
He was one of Vancouver's longest serving mayors.
They were called Andretti Green Racing until 2010.
With lifestyles and regimens freer than those of most sports, surfers comprise a unique culture.
Londra saati ile 11.00'de sabitlenir.
Cosmetic items can be bought by the use of V-Bucks, the in-game currency.
A day later, Apple released iOS 8.0.2 which has all the fixes included with iOS 8.0.1 and also fixes the problems that iOS 8.0.1 brought.
Enver Paşa bu hayal ile Tacikistan'da öldü.
托爾高屬於main交通網絡的一部分，區內的巴士服務主要由main提供，連接周邊地區 citation 。
When these oxides mix with water in the atmosphere, they make acid, which fall as precipitation.
However, the legislature said Manhattan's land-grant institution was different than what a "state university" is.
This is the first layer where a client/server concept is introduced.
Mani, 2007, p. 98. 斯坦顿让她妹妹哈里特·凯蒂·伊顿陪伴她；伊顿带着她年轻的儿子丹尼尔。
In 1982 a version was released for the Atari 2600.
Encyclopedia of life and creativity" – edited by C. A. Lopota, RSC Energia.
Sydney Allard, English racing driver (d.
They start at about 0.6 second apart, then slow down and become weaker.
A bridge crossing the Río Grande de Zacapa in Jocotán was washed away. citation At least 53 people died across Guatemala, while an additional 96 remain missing.
Even though ska was developed in the 1950s, it became popular again in the 1980s in Britain.
They are found in bands of about twenty in lightly wooded country.
She was sent back into the fields, "with blood and sweat rolling down my face until I couldn't see."
She was the Chairwoman of the Azerbaijan Club at MGIMO until 2010.
She became the leader of the New Democratic Party in 2014.
Some say there are over 100 languages spoken in Palatine.
It is getting more popular to fill surveys to get access to website or valuable content.
汪琡晚年由於年老眼花，無法看清書上的小字，
陳亮〈陳春坊墓碑銘〉 幸由辛棄疾「解援之甚至，亮遂得不死。
One such illustration is when Satsuki prepares breakfast and lunch for her father and Mei before she leaves for school.
Lindsay tries to escape, but is captured before she can get away.
It was founded around 1965.
It is the last book in the series too, because Jacques died in 2011.
It also decides how the money in the World Heritage Fund is spent.
Mary has a graceful air about her, which was a traditional Renaissance fashion.
非常大的石質流星體，直径數百米或更大，
H. de Figueiredo and J. Stolfi (2004) "Affine arithmetic: concepts and applications."
Karn had previously operated an organ and piano manufacturing company under his own name.
It has a life span of ten to twelve years.
Wikidata is designed so that humans and machines can read it.
In late 1947 he returned to Cambridge for a sabbatical year.
She was airlifted to Mt. Elizabeth Hospital in Singapore.
In order to search for Huiyin, Zhimo returned to China.
When Verrocchio started making this statue, there had been only one big equestrian monument made in more than a thousand years.
Activities turn into concrete results by final reports, strategic reports, refereed journals, books, agreements, institutes, networks, platforms and web sites within the extent of studies regarding these fields.
Although the e-commerce sector has grown over the years, there remain many obstacles.
，關注日本社會、政治、外交、經濟等層面）。
The same bone structure became the hands of humans, the hooves of horses, and the wings of birds.
In between it knows your car position, so that it can calculate the distance from that satellite.
All songs written by Wainwright.
However, when they talked to the other Estates, they could not agree.
He was released from prison in 2015 due to poor health.
Once, she travelled to meet him, which was not common for women to do.
When the fish breaths the ventricle contracts and blood is forced out to the gills which act as lungs.
It was made in 1987 by Worlds of Wonder.
Kesme kotarıcıları, temelde kesmenin üretilmiş olması ve kesme kotarıcının görevini tamamlama hızına dair çok sayıda fonksiyona sahiptir.
She also stated that the team that sold the most items will win the challenge.
The phrase "green-eyed monster" means a jealous person.
A mixed interval is open at one end and closed at the other end, and generally takes the form of (right-open interval) or (left-open interval).
He is cursed so that he cannot eat or drink, and this is made a joke when at the end of the book his curse is lifted just before he is sent back to the underworld, though none of the campers were sad to see him go.
His last words were “Goodbye gentlemen, and God bless you.”
The most appropriate answer is “
In 1857, Washington County was created.
There are varying degrees and forms of such a dependence.
Each normal score is worth two points; however, if a player throws the ball into the hoop from behind the large arched line on the court, called the "3-point line," the score is worth three points.
A wooden yoke is put about the neck of each pair, so that the work is shared across their shoulders.
由神明賜予人類，又由人類賜予干支娘的力量。
The last sword is the Mansion House Justice Rom Sword.
It is the largest shopping center on Staten Island.
He later was an adviser to Robert Kennedy's 1968 presidential campaign.
The river dried up long ago.
Sellers bundan 2 sene sonra hayata veda etmiştir.
He was also a professor at National Taiwan University College of Medicine.
It can be sweet, salty, or plain.
He wrote books for children and adults.
此外，main也再次作為主要反派。
From modest beginnings three decades ago, Yunus has, first and foremost through Grameen Bank, developed micro-credit into an ever more important instrument in the struggle against poverty.
A. Works制作并且以OVA的形式发售。
Iroh is older than the Fire Lord.
The name "Moulin Rouge" means "Red Windmill".
On 6 January 1860, with his food supplies getting low, and two of the men refusing to go any further, Stuart once again returned home.
馬來西亞美食和新加坡與文萊相似 citation ，而且相似於菲律賓美食 。
Konstantinos Porfirogennetos ile bağlantılı olarak ve Paleologos Hanedanı'na kullanımı devam etmiştir.
As a result, by 08:00 on 26 October, Hyakutake stopped the attacks and ordered his forces to retreat.
Edo-Tokyo Museum exhibition catalog, p. 207. 。
Lorem ipsum is a dummy text used to replace text in some areas just for the purpose of an example.
When people wanted to measure something, they compared it to the length of the rod.
After Bella becomes a vampire, she goes on her first hunt with Edward.
Interjections are words that do not fit normal grammar rules.
This type of dialect is related to other dialects in southern Germany.
Since the 1988 election, no candidate has managed to equal or surpass Bush's number of electoral votes won or popular vote percentage.
He marked his food as soon as he heard about Danny moving in. Tucker is friendly towards everybody so long as they don't eat all of his food. citation - ABC Family He and Bonnie are the only ones that know Danny is in love with Riley.
靖宗元年（1035年）生子，賜名。
時而為修一的直率感到心動，並認為修一其實很有男子氣概。
He indirectly shares this secret with Jason, who is with him at the time, and then is obliged to explain.
在英國統治的期間，賽普勒斯島上的希臘居民一直在討論與爭取回歸希臘「祖國」的可能性，甚至組成極端右翼的賽普勒斯鬥士國家組織（Ethniki Organosis Kyprion Agoniston，EOKA，
Bamberg is famous for its beer.
思子心切的她，心急如焚地四處尋找安安的蹤影，甚至得了心病！
An hour later, she was found lying dead in front of a gated stable entrance in Buck's Row (since renamed Durward Street), Whitechapel, her throat cut and her abdomen ripped open.
第八首歌曲《香菜之歌》由宇多田與創作歌手main共同創作。
He also is the host of the educational children's shows The Wubbulous World of Dr. Seuss and The Cat in the Hat Knows a Lot About That.
The smallest member of this group is the least sandpiper, small adults of which can weigh as little as 15.5 grams and measure just over 13 cm (5 inches).
May's father Harold worked as a draughtsman at the Ministry of Aviation and had been a long-time cigarette-smoker.
然而，HST實施後，部分原本無需收取省銷售稅的服務（如理髮和地毯清潔）需改為收取全數12%的銷售稅 citation ，被部分人指為變相加稅，因此方案也被不少反對派人士 citation 以至普通省民大力反對 citation citation 。
For the other forms of malaria, quinine is no longer used, as other drugs have replaced it.
This puts the birds (over 10,000 species) with what people normally call reptiles.
He was Minister of Defence and Veterans Affairs from 2010 to 2011 and Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2011 to 2012.
Different words can use the same letters and combinations for very different sounds.
Colchicine may interact with other commonly prescribed drugs such as atorvastatin and erythromycin.
A noob is thought of as having no respect for the rules and does not seem to want to do anything for himself.
高雄、台南有上街頭宣傳相關活動。
The date of Homer's existence is not known.
Ashanti's third album, Concrete Rose (2004), debuted at number seven on the Billboard 200 chart.
化学式C 5 H 12 O可能指：
He played on 7 champion Yankees teams.
The feathers were seen in fossilized skin impressions from near the jaw and tail.
Dynasty, and used to defeat the Japanese Navy.
This is called indexing.
It had about 1,452 people living there in 2016.
广告拦截又稱广告过滤、廣告屏蔽，是一种软件功能，
The texts on the tablets are mostly lists and inventories.
The league initiates the James C. Hendy Memorial Award for outstanding team or league executives.
Yomiuri S.C. had reserve team ; Yomiuri S.C. Juniors from 1980 to 1992.
Herbert Leuninger (8 September 1932 – 28 July 2020) was a German Catholic priest and theologian.
The village is convert east of Laxmangarh and convert from Nawalgarh.
Kalispell is also the gateway to Glacier National Park.
The parents worked together as biochemists.
These sharks are absent from November to March, suggesting a migration beyond the continental shelf during the winter months.
They are happy to play in any activity you want to do with them, but the outgoing side of the Labrador does have a flip side.
Shannon was also named a member of the NFL's first team All-Decade team of the 1990s.
The name is still used sometimes.
兩幀皆為放大4倍後的結果（使用最近的像素内插）。
The next day he said to young man: “Yesterday I heard your conversation and I can tell you that there is only one monastery I know, that lives according to the rules you wish to follow.
He did this to work on mapping.
Image source unknown.
The Western half sits in North America, while the Eastern half sits on the European tectonic plate.
It has also been changed by human activity.
In 1968 BMC merged with Leyland (Leyland, Standard and Triumph) to become British Leyland even though Leyland had been a much smaller firm.
，代表作《女真語言文字研究》、《女真文辭典》。
In July 2011, Monstercat's current CEO - Mike Darlington - along with Ari Pauonen, Monstercat's current COO, created the Monstercat YouTube channel as a way for their friends to promote themselves and share music with each other.
The music was composed by Ilaiyaraaja while the lyrics for songs were written by Vairamuthu.
In October 2017, a new song, "The Star", was released for the soundtrack of a film of the same name.
Cressman states that the Kawanishi was from Tulagi but Lundstrom says that it was one of three flying from the Shortlands along with six from Tulagi (Lundstrom 2006, p. 150).
They show specific historical scenes.
Ruby was convicted of murdering Oswald, but the conviction was overturned.
Bostaph left the band in 1996 to concentrate on his solo project, Truth About Seafood, and was replaced by Jon Dette; however, he returned in 1997.
They introduced it and, when they left, writing only survived with the help of religion.
He can swim, fly, inhale and take abilities from bad guys.
When Robert II married again, this time to Constance of Arles, she was Fulk's cousin.
With over convert, it is one of the largest region of France.
In a polar aprotic solvent, nucleophilicity increases up a column of the periodic table as there is no hydrogen bonding between the solvent and nucleophile.
Cara is then invited to work as an enforcer with Greef which she agrees to.
In 1787, Pichilemu had 1,688 inhabitants.
It is neighboured by other residential areas like Koramangala, Adugodi and Madiwala.
The first legs were played on 16, 17, 23 and 24 February, and the second legs are being played on 9, 10, 16 and 17 March 2021.
As a result, the stop criterion is not clear in every problem.
Like other small cats, it is a solitary hunter, and only comes together during the mating season.
He was born in Caslav.
Paul Eisler, working in the United Kingdom, patented a method of etching the conductive pattern, or circuits, on a layer of copper foil attached to a hard base that did not conduct electricity.
He made other shows but none were as popular as Ren and Stimpy.
Seboreik dermatit olarak adlandırılan başka yerlerde de görünebilir.
Among the five copies, it is the only one to be privately owned.
If conditions are just right, then the air may begin to rotate.
Köyün adı 1925 kayıtlarında Şaluşağı olarak geçmekteyken 1928'de Berişal ya da Birişalyan olarak geçmektedir.
He wrote journals and shipping maps.
Sometimes the word "random" is used more loosely.
With quicksort, dividing the lists is more complex, but the merging step is trivial.
The next morning, the family goes to church.
They had 9 children.
The size of the number grows with an increase in the input voltage or current.
It usually refers to someone who is "second-in-command".
" on September 18, 2020.
在二次转会期间引入强力外援后，情况得到扭转。
These are subjects in psychology that try to answer a particular group of questions about how people think.
He had many posts in Soviet military counterintelligence, reaching the rank of general-lieutenant.
A photo of Harry can be seen in Sarah-Jane Smith's attic in The Sarah-Jane Adventures and in "Invasion of the Bane", Sarah-Jane thought of naming her newly adopted son after him before deciding on Luke.
The Plan was approved in the Turkish Cypriot referendum by 65%, while it was rejected in the Greek Cypriot referendum by 75%.
In a criminal court, the accused may be found guilty or not guilty.
Scholars such as Gavin Flood, John Keay and Doris Meth Srinivasan have expressed doubts about this suggestion.
魚肉、冷凍或新鮮紅蟲、蝦子（去殼為佳）、豐年蝦、麵包蟲(已蛻殼白色麵包蟲為佳)、沉底飼料（蝦用、底棲魚用皆會吃，需先訓餌）。
Different hair colour and follicle shape affects the timings of these phases.
In these early versions of the story, Red Riding Hood escapes on her own.
That is why the other Planet Express workers mock him.
In the book, Carrie White is a shy 17-year-old girl with psychic powers.
Nell Fairfax was introduced in March, while Matt arrived in May.
Padraic joined a group of people who wanted more Irish people to learn how to speak the Irish language.
The title figure has a tablet with the words of Lincoln's famous phrase on it.
She was the Co-founder and president of the Foundation for Conscious Evolution.
Roger Beck）所撰寫的四篇同期文章（1976年～1977年）強調了天文學／占星術在古希臘羅馬宗教思想背景下的作用。
，主修微生物学家，在业余时间与佩妮同在芝士工厂打工，是霍华德的女朋友。
The coolest month on average is July, with an average temperature of convert.
Like with RAID 5, parity and data are on different disks for each block.
As far as we know, Calum is not currently in a relationship.
Basic research is aimed at getting new knowledge with no immediate use or purpose in mind.
It dropped some of the Skyline's trademark characteristics such as the straight-6 engine and turbocharging, eventually separated the GT-R into its own line, and moved to V6-engined era, this decision which extended to all later Skylines.
Kolkoutines paintings are both simple and complicated it is said.
She played Sir Roger's secretary in The Early Bird.
It can carry 4 radar guided missiles and 4 heat seeking missiles.
巴黎东段区域铁路线从民族站开始，
He was awarded the 305th Bronze Wolf Award in 2005.
Between Montmartre and the Mudd Club: Popular Music and the Avant-Garde, University Of Chicago Press, 2002.
It also looks more similar to a real person than the first dolls.
People with microsleeps usually are not aware of them.
The candidate receiving the next highest number of votes became the Vice President.
At the suggestion of her dance teachers, Sophie tried acting to expand her palate, eventually falling in love with the craft.
Spirit Dance Team for the 2006–2007 season.
東勢豐原生活圈快速道路（石岡東勢聯絡道）
This movie was a great success.
Sirk's movies were very successful at the box office, but the critics did not like them.
' final appearance on The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson, giving her honest, unfiltered candor to Walter, and patterning Walter's frown on Dunham's own.
有異性裝扮行為的人，可概稱為較中性用語的異性裝扮者（變裝者、異裝者、易裝者、易服者）；而喜歡異性裝扮或有此癖好者，則被稱為異性裝扮癖（變裝癖、異裝癖、易裝癖、易服癖）或戀異性裝癖。
All losers must take the Walk of Shame on the red carpet and ride the Lame-o-sine.
Stevens joined the United States Foreign Service in 1991.
Damon Knight started the organization in 1965 with the name Science Fiction Writers of America, Inc. The president of SFWA as of 2019 is Mary Robinette Kowal.
，熊谷市 - 前橋市間熊谷繞道，前橋市 - 澀川市間前橋澀川繞道區間除外。
In many cultures, people only had one name.
He has to play with only one normal dice.
It is centered at the intersection of 18th Street and Columbia Road.
Note: although the text talks about Indian state governments in general, it applies for the specific case of Karnataka as well.
The 60-second commercial features a troubled couple in a domestic environment.
Melissa Duck was the possible inspiration for Shirley the Loon ("McLoon is her family name).
'nin Bugün Ne Giysem?
Gary Alcide Lee (born August 18, 1933) is an American politician.
祁曉林1973年初中畢業後到農村插隊，之後考入警校，1980年廣州市黃埔區公安分局開始警務工作，2000年交流至芳村公安分局任局長，2003年後任廣州市公安局副局長，2007年起任廣州市公安局黨委副書記、副局長；工作上联系天河區分局，並擔任廣州市委政法委副秘書長，在廣州市公安局領導中排名第三位。
The best teams from the qualifying games win a place in the finals.
O dönemlerde özellikle basınçlı hava ile çalışan el aletleri, matkaplar, lokomotifler ve benzeri güç sistemleri pnömatiğin gelişimine ve hızla yaygınlaşmasına öncülük etmişti.
He played 5 games and scored 1 goal for Japan in 1994.
In the novel, the author narrates a tale in which an aeroplane crash landed near a riverbed, in the early 1920s.
Osmanlılar barış zamanı gerçekleşen bu saldırılar hakkında Viyana’ya şikayet mektupları göndermiştir.
The beast crumbles into pieces and its hand falls on Prokopion (Luke Treadaway), the insane leader of Cult of Hades, and Cepheus, who was injured fighting Prokopion, and the two men are crushed to death.
But he ends up being killed by Emporio, with the universe rebooted once more.
He became Premier of Western Australia after John Willcock resigned in 1945.
He played for the club 104 matches and scored 26 goals.
It turns off very quickly when the forward voltage stops.
It is mostly black with bright yellow cheeks and chest, red under the tail and a distinctive white patch at the base of the tail.
The group was formed in 1990 and ended in 2011 when Nate Dogg died.
With new technology, there is likely to be a lot of improvement in this field.
It is the closest big asteroid: no asteroid closer to the Sun has a diameter above 25 kilometres or two-elevenths that of Flora itself, and not until the tiny 149 Medusa was found was a single asteroid orbiting at a closer mean distance known.
He was best known for his 1963 drama The Deputy.
By summer more rebellions had broken out.
Biathlon has several types of races.
法國、荷蘭和英國的海盜於17世紀初在伊斯帕尼奥拉島上的西部活動，法國開始讓農民和商人逐漸的在西班牙島上西部開拓殖民地，受到島上山脈的屏障，沒有引起在東邊的西班牙人注意。
He also wrote forty more scientific reports about their findings that year.
The external section of a generic single-room air conditioning unit.
In 1942 there were 4020 Italians in these newly annexed areas: 2220 in Spalato (Split), 300 in Sebenico (Sibenik), 500 Cattaro (Kotor) and 1000 Veglia (Krk).
Under the U.S. Constitution, a two-thirds majority of the Senate is required to convict the president.
In 1915 it had 2,817 officers and men.
》編劇首次執導，麥芷誼所飾演的是學校裡的大姐頭、性格爽直的援交少女蘇可怡（
The Petrozavodsk State University is located in the city.
Then the South becomes even poorer.
The Geneva Accords partitioned the country in two with a promise of democratic election to reunite the country.
It became a cathedral when the Diocese of Luleå was established in 1904.
Trott, 93; Southam, "Introduction", Vol. 2, 107–109, 124. It was with the 1939 publication of Mary Lascelles' Jane Austen and Her Art—"the first full-scale historical and scholarly study" of Austen—that the academic study of her works matured.
She thinks he is Don Giovanni.
，逐漸被同化而失去了「詔安客」的文化與語言，
He was also the Deputy Speaker of the House from 2004 to 2010.
In 2010 it was above 25 homicides per 100,000 people.
Also, four of Germany's players were put in the All-Star squad.
If the sample does contain calcium carbonate, it will fizz and produce carbon dioxide.
Writings On The Walls（CD 專輯）
Bachelor from years, is obsessed about his marriage.
It lets you see the future and think much faster.
而时至今日，木门峡谷中仍存有张郃坪、张郃墓。
The cause of obsessive–compulsive disorder is unknown.
It was started in 1949.
These are the most numerous kind, used in electronics.
此外在2000年，德国铁路再次将接管自原东德的112型机车重定型为114型。
尽管洛斯阿拉莫斯在60年代测试了一系列的KIWI和Phoebus引擎，但直到1966年2月，NASA的NERVA NPX/EST(Engine System Test:引擎系统测试)并没有进行。
Stadttheater Klagenfurt'a 2003, 2006 ve 2011'de farklı kategorilerden ödülü verilmiştir.
The team currently play in the Ecuadorian Serie A and was founded on 11 January 1930. citation LDU Quito is one of the most successful Ecuadorian teams, winning 9 regional titles, 10 national titles, and 4 international titles.
He grew up in Penig.
In the story, it is the year 2005.
苏哈托委托为家庭成员信赖的普拉博沃肃清穆尔达尼派，以史无前例的速度晋升了普拉沃。
因爲人類的理智是不完滿的，而意志卻是無限的，從而在理智認識不到的事物上使用自由意志，錯誤就產生了。
The words of Bach’s St Matthew Passion are partly taken straight from the Bible (Matthew Chapters 26-27) and partly made up by the poet Picander.
The whole infrastructure had been checked a week before the accident, and was found to be without fault.
"Capacity Bounds and Code Designs for Cooperative Diversity".
She hides the man's secret for many years.
It was released on August 10, 2010.
。1962年，担任蒋中正机要秘书，任期至1969年，长达七年 citation 。
Many people had wanted her to perform there.
Its blade is convert long and convert wide, and it has a convert hilt.
Several consumers may eat the same kind of plant or animal for food.
Bir süre sonra hukuk çalışmaları, Jacob Grimm üzerindeki etkisini kaybetmiştir.
Despite the similar name and appearance, this species is unrelated to the Eurasian black vulture.
The boat is destroyed when they enter the Sea of Monsters.
The Trialeti culture was seen around the 2nd millennium B.C. Munchaev 1994, p. 16; cf., Kushnareva and Chubinishvili 1963, pp. 16 ff.
The decline of the WASP in the United States and Canada.
Many did not like that the song used auto-tune.
Writing implements and accessories, from the Roman stylus to the typewriter.
The most famous song by INXS is "Need You Tonight" which came out in 1987.
Sometimes they are used to talk to legacy systems.
It also is the site of many concerts and special events each year and a few college basketball games are played there There have been four arenas with the name Madison Square Garden at three different sites in Manhattan.
In the game, a shooter may attempt to pocket any ball on the table (but the cue ball).
Bu sistemlerin bir sistem olarak tanımlanabilmesine el veren onların yine bir sistem olan çevreye sahip olmalarıdır; yani sosyal sistemin çevresi canlı ve rûhî sistemlerdir ve bu sistemler arasında hiçbir hiyerarşi yahut merkez yoktur.
The 2nd and 3rd Jaeger Battalions also stopped.
；其间，2001年3月至2002年2月，
It says that "On the day of the big race a storm blew in. A thousand birds were swept away and never seen again",.
Sıcaklık, parçacıkların ortalama kinetik enerjilerinin bir ölçümüdür.
Milli dava yolunda fedakârlık, canlardan önce mal varlıklarını sunulması ile gerçekleşebilirdi.
Heath Ledger's portrayal has been well-liked and was given several awards including Best Supporting Actor of the 2008 Academy Awards.
Then he left and joined the BBC's World Service.
Önceden hazırladığınız hamurla, güveç ve kapağı arasındaki aralıkta, buğu çıkaracak hiçbir boşluk kalmayacak biçimde iyice sıvayın.
He appeared in 53 movies and television shows between 1955 and 1997.
Arnav Singh Raizada (Barun Sobti) is a successful businessman in India.
He faced a strong challenge for the premier's job from Tagak Curley, who was acclaimed to his seat.
Because of this, only a few place-names and phrases are known from Khuzdûl.
If all the water or any fluids that must be converted disappear etc., Swampy cries mournfully as the level restarts too.
Bach’s music has never been forgotten again since then.
他到希伯仑谋反得逞，短暂占据耶路撒冷，但在追击大卫时，被约押和其侍从杀死。
西埃拉維斯塔的座標為coord ，而該地的平均海拔高度為72米（即236英尺）。
The Prime Minister and Cabinet are answerable to the House of Representatives.
What looks very simple, is in fact a difficult problem.
Some Type one NACT groups like the Comanche and Navajo also developed alphabet systems, using the first letter of English words translated from Native words to spell out names of individuals and locations.
Castorocauda is one of the near-
On 27 April 1584, Phillip Amadas and Arthur Barlowe sailed to the Eastern coast of North America.
During 2008-2009, respectively, the beautiful Mexican took a break, in which she rejected the title roles of Doña Bella (RCN) and Beware the angel (
John Winston Ono Lennon, main (born John Winston Lennon; 9 October 1940 – 8 December 1980), was an English singer and songwriter.
伏龍芝站開通於1957年5月1日，是索科利尼基線延長工程的一部分。
Fusarium wilt is a soilbourne fungal disease that will quickly kill younger basil plants.
There are many technological companies in Japan, and these companies make products for export.
股票、债券等也可以不通过股票市场，
Nüfus yoğunluğu ise km² başına 104 seviyesindedir.
Harris took home the pages and told his wife all about what had happened, but she did not believe him.
It is led by Bagsecg.
Also, their main colours are yellow and black (previously the colours were green and white).
Bu belki yeni aygıtta üretilmiş tüm özellikleri kapsamayabilir.
One particular study showed that 61.9% of pregnancies end in miscarriage before 12 weeks.
This can be carried out in several different ways, either passing the water over the bare roots inside a tube or hollow container or passing the water through a mat of fibre into which the roots have grown or variations between the two.
在1786年宾夕法尼亚州议会的政党更迭之后，北美银行于1787年在重新获得宾州州内经营特许，议会为其设置更为严格的限制条件，这将阻碍其履行作为中央银行的预期角色。 citation 1781年11月2日（从1782年1月7日开始运营），托马斯·威灵被任命为宾夕法尼亚银行第一任董事长，威灵任职到1791年3月19日，
They had two sons: Julian Arthur and Daniel Hayes.
開成三年（838年），中書判拔萃，不久校書於祕書省。
During his early youth, John Wesley had a deep religious experience.
She died on 26 March 2020 at age 64.
'ı da ağır şekilde suçladı.
It can also be used to swing across a gap.
In 1890, the court was divided into two divisions.
Having two types of nuclei is charcteristic of ciliates.
After the battle six Marines received the Medal of Honor for their actions.
It is also where he is buried after he was murdered in 1457, because he was perceived to be a continuing threat to the rule of his uncle.
福岡IC（平假名：おやべひがしインターチェンジ）
The AIA also works with other members of the design and construction team to help coordinate the building industry.
"Youth ache 100 episodes: The WB's signature show, 'Dawson's Creek' brings intellect and frankness to the portrayal of young adults."
This category has articles on people who were born in the year 419.
The competition is hosted by Hässelby SK and Spårvägen FK.
船帆座KT，又名CP-52 1605，HD 74535、SAO 236202、HR 3466，
Through the years, people have wondered what Stowe was trying to say with the novel.
There are a lots of traditional deserts, like alfajor, rice with milk and humita.
Tiger mainly painted for Tjala Arts, but from 2009 he also began working for Tjungu Palya in nearby Nyapaṟi.
Their newest album Vice Verses was released on September 27, 2011.
，陆天娜的席位因此出缺 。2009年2月23日，帕特森发布公告，把举行特别选举的日期定在2009年3月31日 citation 。
Canoes are pointed at both ends and usually open on top, but can be covered.
The Académie française gave Hasse an award called the Diplôme de médaille Argent in 1984.
本科之下的亞科在不同年代刊行的分類學文獻都有所不同，
The SS did these things so that other prisoners would not try to escape.
The blood vessels gather and store the oxygen that travels over the gills.
The already pro-Southern legislature passed the governor's military bill creating the Missouri State Guard.
時峰每座均設兩部芬蘭通力牌升降機直達各層（最高之複式高層樓層除外）。
Mesopotamia has been conquered many times by many different people.
Some people say the end came with the start of the Austro-fascist dictatorship in 1933/34 following the Austrian Civil War.
Zinc hydroxide is found as a few rare minerals.
Fielding and her husband have a daughter, Mary.
Many kinds of off-roading in the USA are centered around SUVs.
The leaders from member countries of CSCE met in Paris.
Because microscopic plants and algae don't grow well under the sea ice because they need the sun, the animals that eat them (like fish) also spend less time under the ice.
Santa Fe is at 7,199 feet (2134 m) above sea level, making it the highest state capital in the United States.
So the name signifies that the town was at the head or end of a round hill.
Samuelsen served as Mayor of Flakstad.
Along the coast, the storm destroyed numerous boats and unmoored many others.
It has an enrollment of 1,972 students.
Other singles from the album included "Nobody's Perfect", "Who's Laughing Now" and "
He opened the doors and drawers of the cabinet, so the audience could look into the machine.
The berries can be eaten raw, straight from the source.
These five people are expected to sue the United States and UK governments.
It has sold a million copies around the world.
Before the war ended, the United States had encouraged Iraqis to rise up against Saddam.
The village holds a Scout fete, and a church fete, each year.
These make use of "
The minimum temperature can be -14°C.
Ferguson was still a young manager.
The existence of Nemesis could explain events of mass extinction on earth which seem to occur at intervals of 26 million years.
He also helped Chelsea to win the same title the next year.
There are many kinds of scientific evidence that support the Big Bang idea.
This tunic supports and protects the animal.
In Oklahoma, scissortails can be found on open prairies, along tree-lined roads, and along roadsides perched on fences, limbs and in isolated trees.
Since the 1980s he worked as an artistic director.
，原元朗天水圍民主陣線成員，俱統一改以「民主陣線」名義登記參選，
The team capped off a successful 2008 by finishing second to Team CSC in the CQ Team Ranking.
The Flash Art Museum is dedicated to contemporary art and is the seat of an international art magazine.
小搗蛋曾與多位重量級職業摔角選手簽約，如：
His name comes from the word herma.
Din Tai Fung requires all of its franchises to follow its business model.
Bir takvim yılında dört ila yedi tutulma meydana gelebilir, bu döngü saros gibi tutulma döngülerinin değişkenlerine göre tekrarlanabilir.
It is the third most populous city in the state, with 361,991 people living there in 2012.
This method is also known as Tideman, after its inventor Nicolaus Tideman.
It is split into two dialects, the Canadian and the American dialects.
He received the "Ferdinand Bordewijk Prijs" in 1984 for Reis door mijn kamer.
Aquaman's most famous ability is to communicate and command marine animals.
All of her grandparents were professional dancers.
After winning the Division Three championship in 1963–64, and the Division Two title in 1966–67, Hill quit the club shortly before the start of the 1967–68 season.
London Gazette, issue no.
JR East’s prepaid train ticket (Suica) and JR West’s IC Operating card (ICOCA).
This can happen because very old and very young people have trouble controlling their body temperatures.
若子行，必往見王長君，士無過此者矣。
It is one of the largest traditional markets in the Banjarnegara District.
’nin açmış olduğu Ses Yarışmasında dereceye girdi.
At that time, around fifty people lived there.
From 2003 to 2005, she played for Volley Bergamo.
Fashion shows debuts every season.
The gunman, nineteen-year-old Robert A. Hawkins, killed eight people and wounded four, two of them critically.
Bow down in prayer with those men, who bow down."
It is in the west-central part of the country.
、天罡北斗七星陣、羅漢陣、金剛伏魔圈、光明聖火陣、打狗陣。
Just stay quiet."
NYPD’ den ayrıldıktan sonra kendisini Phantomers ve Knosis arasındaki savaşa adadı.
This makes the air vibrate.
Most people in the rich nations have most of these needs, but there are still many people living in poverty and in poor quality homes.
Lawry was furious about the song and as a revenge he wrote and released a song titled "Potence" in his album, "Saibinnik Okman Korinka".
Most people go to school for four years to get a bachelor's degree in engineering.
The city was rebuilt by Lefkos, son of Ptolemy I around 300 BC.
Burada bir sezon boyu sadece üç karşılaşmada görev aldı ve sezon sonu gönderildi.
Whereas Newton narrowed the beam of light in order to isolate the phenomenon, Goethe observed that with a wider aperture, there was no spectrum.
Bu iki Aragonlu kral oğlu orduları ile Akka'ya çıkmışlardı ama oradan fazla ayrılma imkânı bulamamışlardı.
Another great work inspired by the East was the parable Curlew River (1964).
In 1937, they merged, becoming the "
On 14 April, it was linked to an infected staff member with minor symptoms, but who been at work for six days.
This means that besides the president, there are no official titles for the members, they are all considered equal.
He then tried to travel north west but was stopped by the desert.
The RHS works to help keep collections of cultivated plants.
In October 2017, Puppet unveiled a new product of its own, a hybrid infrastructure tool Puppet Discovery.
Kylie & Kendall launched a clothing line called Kendall and Kylie for Pacsun in February 2013.
Still other reports claim that Vlad was accidentally killed by one of his own men.
，這是早在伊甸園的亞當和夏娃的時期已有的；並以希伯來年曆來訂定年、季、禮拜和日。
This makes Pakistan the 34th largest country in the world.
The station transferred to Brgy.
He also seems to have bad luck: something goes wrong almost everywhere he goes.
還存在奇數複合斯特恩數：唯一已知的數字是5777和5993，戈德巴赫曾經錯誤地推測所有斯特恩數都是素數。
Hiragana works in the same way, but the symbols are mostly different.
，將本片列為他最喜歡紀錄片頭五位。
People with injuries would sleep near his temple hoping to be healed.
署方亦不點名籲使用者著重公德和不要對他人造成妨礙或滋擾。 citation 4月26日，
Humans like beaches and seashores, so they sometimes walk over the grasses and shore plants where the frog likes to hide during the day.
The main town of the region is Newtown St Boswells.
，同年10月1日正式辦理客貨營運業務。
兩位名為Pedro Díaz和Muño Vandilaz的男子於1061年4月16日成婚。
They can do many interesting reactions.
He also co-founded the Republican Party (RP) of Namibia as well as the Democratic Turnhalle Alliance (DTA).
It used to be called Walwal.
Both these books were extremely well known in their day.
It is a Water/Ground Pokémon from the fifth generation of games; Diamond, Pearl and Platinum.
In May 2014, a new military coup d'état removed another government.
Its orbit is far from the supposed orbit of Themis.
Its shadow is projected onto a screen.
She was a former number 1 ranked player.
He wrote inscriptions for wanting that his son and grandson also never to think about war.
Amit refers to the traditional Arabian gesture.
But when he takes a bounty for the Galactic Empire, he instead protects the bounty, Grogu from the threats that face him.
In 1795 Joseph was a member of the Council of Ancients where he used his position to help his brother overthrow the Directory.
You just have to suffer a lot."
Then Alexander conquered these areas.
People of many religions see the value of this mandate and have similar expressions.
Wenceslas was murdered by his brother when he was going to church.
Migrant workers are often forced into poor situations.
Because both Kaṉpi and nearby Nyapaṟi are small communities, there are only basic services and most of them are shared between the two towns.
At the beginning of the 1970s, Lamborghini had financial problems because of the worldwide oil crisis.
Hitler's plan was to have Seyß-Inquart send a telegram asking for German help to stop riots, but President Miklas did not make Seyß-Inquart chancellor until after Hitler's invasion of Austria.
He worked with Zaiko Langa Langa and Viva la Musica.
Hughes' George Cross recognized his conduct in frontline fighting in Afghanistan in 2010.
"Baby Not On Board".
Zukertort was a brilliant and boastful player, who was also resident in London for many years.
Navigation is literally "art of ship mastery" but is also used for 'finding one's way'.
The athletics teams of the university are called the Colonials.
The class has two orders: Haemosporinidae and Piroplasmorida.
Beginning about 5 million years ago, they were gradually replaced by modern elephants.
That was when Fisher took out the gun, struck Mary Jo with it and shot her in the head. citation Fisher dropped the gun and the shirt.
蘇雲峰：《三（兩）江師範學堂：南京大學的前身》，台北 中央研究院近代史研究所專刊，1998。
Special mirrors can make a person's appearance look quite strange.
The original statue was later repaired and sent to Hawaii in 1912.
Chukotka is found in the north-eastern part of Siberia.
Aristoteles felsefe pratiğini üç bölüme ayırmıştır: teorik, pratik ve teolojik.
Ten thousand worshippers can fit inside at the same time.
On this trip there was a second attempt to his life.
In 1951, he studied modern art with Li Chun-shan.
This reaction type can be found in certain transfer hydrogenations.
You can enjoy yachting, boating, fishing, camping, inline skating, etc. There are also many sports facilities including soccer fields, volleyball courts, basketball courts and swimming pools.
Zero is a number which means an amount of null size; that is, if the number of brothers is zero, that means the same thing as having no brothers, and if something has a weight of zero, it has no weight.
Kapil Dev is a former Indian cricket player.
In South Asia, the main problem is the high number of malnurished children under the age of five.
維塔工作室的設計師們為魔戒電影繪製了不少猛獁的概念插圖，借鑑了現實裡大象、
It soon recovered and the growth in trade made Odessa Russia's largest grain-exporting port.
The Cacos were strong fighters.
He is a minor Javanese royal.
He had died, but was sent back to Middle-earth as Gandalf the White, to further help the fight against Sauron.
Chadwick, as Secretary of State and second in the gubernatorial line of succession, was innagurated to fill out the remaining year of Governor Grover's term.
The key schedule produces the needed round keys from the initial key.
Golden doodles live around 10-15 years.
He left the conquest after winning a war.
而大批愛爾蘭裔移居到美國，則是在19世紀中葉之事。
A ruby is a kind of precious stone.
，父亲姓Křenek，但克热内克本人坚持要将自己的姓氏写作Krenek。
Metro istasyonunda kalp krizi geçirir.
The North Star (
The New Testament is represented on the left wing depicting the joy of Mary and on the right wing the suffering of Mary.
Before Formula One, Chandhok won the Formula Asia championship in 2001, and he was the first Formula Asia V6 by Renault champion in 2006.
Her well schooled voice, good looks and charming personality quickly made her a great favorite of this theatre where she was to sing regularly for 35 seasons.
It is owned and operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East Japan).
The deception was highly successful.
Dolly caused no deaths within Texas.
At the end of the book is thanks to members of the United States Marine Corps.
，极力招揽人才，寻求增强本国实力，
，其中一种就借鉴了五度标记法。
This edition began in December 2002.
DHL Air Cargo 100'den fazla işçi, yönetim ve pilotu bünyesinde barındırıyordu.
在大滿貫的方面，雖然還是沒有獲得任何大滿貫的冠軍，
'ye değil kendisine biat etmesini, aksi takdirde bunu canıyla ödeyeceğini bildirir.
The law that set up the university was the University of Western Australia Act 1911.
Large lots are usually supervised by an attendant stationed in a small booth at the lot's entrance.
She was president of the American Anthropological Association citation from 2011 to 2013.
，八強賽以6-2, 5-7, 6-4擊敗特松加進入半決賽，但在賽前因為膝傷發作而退賽。
It is one of the most common types of food trucks.
People aren't usually interested in the control information.
，但考虑到法国国情，141 R型蒸汽机车的高度和宽度降低，并加装了main、缓冲饼以及集烟板。
Changes do occur, and quite rapidly for some nearby stars.
& local legend says that when the Basílica is completed, the end of the world will come.
It is a lake near Idrija.
Now many people eat sekihan when there are ceremonies in Japan.
Hatta bu sinyaller, 60'ların sonlarında ve 70'lerin başlarında 27 MHz CB radyolarda parazit oluşturdular, örneğin Portekiz'de bazen yerel iletişimim tamamen sekteğe uğramasına yol açtı.
Bu proje dışında, televizyonda Avrupa Yakası'nın 129. bölümüne konuk oldu.
Beware that the scientific credentials of the initial project phase is quite unclear as it started as theatre group.
This yellow powder is called pararealgar.
部分铁路局的管内非动车组列车，以及少數短程公交化运营的线路（
Ardından Owens, hemen Jericho'ya saldırdı.
The peak of mining in Kutná Hora was reached in 14th century.
These are just some of the many miracles in the Bible.
'Llwyth dyn ei gorwgl' — the load of a man is his coracle.
He won the 2018 American League Rookie of the Year Award.
Curitiba has a strong relationship with the performing arts and theatre.
Alba tells Natasha that she is falling in love with her.
Minnetonka is the fourteenth largest city in Minnesota.
Judy and Addy's character, Bill Miller, deal with having an annoying relative, Aunt Linda (Jennifer Irwin), and with having children of different ages.
É can also mean the word "is", as in ela é bonita (meaning "she is pretty" in English).
She also announced Witness: The Tour, a concert tour that began in North America in September 2017.
SQL NULL意图成为三值逻辑系统的一部分，但是由于在标准和它的实现中的逻辑上的错误而没有达到目标。
Martin Schumacher graduated from the University of Dortmund in mathematics and statistics in 1974.
The interactive whiteboard must be connected to an PC before you can use the whiteboard.
They will come out from the ground during times of rain and breed in pools, which are usually temporary.
，讓他們忙著當低頭族回覆訊息，
Others believe they have felt ghosts near them.
Jarobi White was a member until 1991.
，協會在2018年2月要求所有通過評核的電子遊戲明確標示遊戲包含了現金微交易功能，但由於實體遊戲包裝盒的印刷空間有限，協會不會強求將虛擬抽獎列為微交易的一環 citation 。
Sosyal yönden ilçe halkı köy yaşantısıyla şehir yaşantısı arasında geçiş safhasındadır.
His first wife, Nagammai, died in 1933.
British troops came into Indonesia to restore peace and to rescue Europeans who had been prisoners of the Japanese.
There were 120 events from 13 sports and disciplines.
It has been estimated that beyond half of the people with the syndrome, also carries some other type of syndrome, disorder, disability, disease, or illness.
Since he obviously liked human flesh, the wolven form would be more acceptable for when he took part in his little "activity."
The company who was responsible for these works said that they were shocked, at what had happened, and that at the time the works had been done, regulations had been met.
IBM在1956年推出了第一個硬盤驅動器，作為其main計算機系統的一個組件sfn。
Jien wrote about political and military conflicts within the Imperial court.
He had equipment breakdowns and several crashes.
Cults have beliefs or practices that many people think of as being odd, or that have practices that most people in the world do not practice.
He is known for his roles as Sgt. Joe Broadhurst on the seven-year TV series McCloud citation and as Colonel Tigh on the original Battlestar Galactica.
附11幅Svato Zapletal所作亚麻油毡版画。
In the 1800s Wahhabis led by the House of al-Saud went to war against the Ottoman Empire.
Under Mango Tree works across many sectors, including arts and culture, heritage, education, hospitality and residential.
Zinc can form alloys with many other metals.
It was part of the fighting on the Adriatic area in Italy.
She has not talked to him since then.
Stark would eventually develop an armor that he could store in his body.
He also wrote that he was the first to show him.
Many people tried going to the Mozilla website on June 17, making it unavailable for at least a few hours.
The municipality covers an area of 4,340.35 km².
Ralph was the oldest of nine children.
Latif Yahia has written three books about Uday: I Was Saddam's Son; The Devil's Double; and The Black Hole.
Some in the crowd became unruly, hurling projectiles such as rocks at officers.
He was executed by the North Korean regime on the accusation of being an American spy.
In the county the people were spread out with 27.90% under the age of 18, 9.20% from 18 to 24, 28.40% from 25 to 44, 21.90% from 45 to 64, and 12.60% who were 65 years of age or older.
，因此替拜占廷提供了職業軍人也替他們招募到傭兵，於此同時西羅馬帝國就無法負荷此等財力，在防禦方面拜占廷就可以負擔，而西羅馬不能，因此凸顯出差異也導致結局不同。
'nin kurulmasıyla Çiller'in başbakanlık görevi sona ermiştir.
This period extends from the early 18th century to the mid-20th century.
Since no candidate received a majority of the vote, Hofer and Van der Bellen went head-to-head in the second round in May.
Since 1991, Tallinn has been the capital of an independent Estonia.
") / "Finer Feelings" / "Dangerous Game" / "The Crying Game"
Relations with Australia and New Zealand are a major focus of Vanuatu's foreign policy.
The related term homodesmotic reaction also takes into account orbital hybridization.
Ezekiel 1:7 KJV reveals that they look like man but are different because they have "straight feet" and four wings and four faces.
The color chartreuse yellow is shown on the color chart below.
The second division of meiosis is similar to mitosis.
In the late 1960s and 1970s, MGM sold off most of their back lot.
There are also numerous journals, on-line articles and blogs available.
At the moment he works as coach of FC Admira Wacker Mödling.
These days, artisans are trying to create new ways to apply design, such as PC mouse and accessories.
This list shows some of the GSSPs.
His term ended in November 2011.
After retiring from the professorship, he was a scholar in NAVF and the Research Council of Norway.
Most cochlear implants have the following parts.
The normal case though is that two different connectors are used.
The Christmas song "What Child Is This?" is sung to the same music as "Greensleeves" but the words are different.
勃兰登堡外交官、冯·布卢门塔尔（von Blumenthal）家族的约阿希姆·弗里德里希·冯·布卢门塔尔和他的儿子克里斯托夫·卡斯帕·冯·布卢门塔尔，取得继承勃兰登堡统治权的权利。
At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Marcellus and Sulpicius.
Some videos on the main channel have had over 3 million views.
The only remarkable person of these times in Bihar was Sher Shah, or Sher Khan Sur, an Afghan.
In Catholicism, the "Seal of the Confessional" is supposed to be unbreakable.
St. Kitts and Nevis had two athletes ride in the time trial at the 2010 UCI Road World Championships.
It's the first album to feature their current drummer, Ethan Luck.
In 1800 laws were passed in the parliaments of Great Britain and Ireland to merge the two kingdoms and their two parliaments.
There are a couple reasons this may be desired: The language has not been supported by SIL/ISO since e16, or an undated population figure has been copied over by Ethnologue since e15 or earlier.
Green is where the parliament helps the executive, but does not choose it.
According to its meaning, lighting and weather conditions are part of landscape as well.
In 1973, she gave birth to her first son, Alexander, in London; and in 1977 she had her second son, Kim.
，但軍方以“保護人民”的理由拒絕該命令。
Each February, the town has a checkpoint for the long-distance Yukon Quest sled dog race.
Drinking alcohol in moderation can reduce these risks.
依序為司祭職、聖洗、使徒之油、感恩祭、赦罪、
Horatio Alger, Jr. (January 13, 1832 – July 18, 1899) was an American writer.
She also acted in several movies.
Prior losses of the Soviet Union were generally three times as high as the German ones.
As of the start of 1700, the Gregorian calendar was 10 days ahead of the Julian calendar, which remained in localized use until 1923.
It was given a diamond award from the RIAA.
Ordinarily, if the runner keeps going, the official scorer should credit a run batted in; if the runner stops and takes off again when the runner notices the misplay, the official scorer should credit the run as scored on a fielder's choice.
Diagram of mycorrhiza with terms in Spanish.
His career began in 1970s.
Linux distribution, is made from Freespire.
These barrels can be next to each other or on top of each other.
The arrondissement of Sélestat-Erstein is the most southern of the Bas-Rhin department.
Aldhelm, later Saint Aldhelm, was a member of the royal House of Wessex and was related to king Ine.
The park is fully open to the public, with access by road, bicycles and pedestrians.
目前德州細盲蛇下有三個亞種已被確認。
，参加了当年的日本游泳锦标赛，她在200米蛙泳决赛上以2分23秒56的成绩获得第2名 citation ，成功取得伦敦奥运会该项目的参赛资格 citation 。
最後巴特勒擊敗了媒體熱門人選約翰·霍伊尼斯獲得民主黨提名，并最終贏得美國總統選舉。
PMID 6145023 Warren helped develop an easy diagnostic test ( 14 C-urea breath-test) for finding H. pylori in ulcer patients.
I loved my son.
Her great-uncle was Irish poet Jeremiah Joseph Callanan.
On the official Super Smash Bros. Brawl website, it is said that Pit is an angel that cannot normally fly.
When leaders enforce the legal code honestly, even on themselves and their friends, this is an example of the rule of law being followed.
Arıcılıkta da önemli bir nektar kaynağıdır.
Other characters include students and faculty at Aberdale Elementary, Clarence's school.
Running injuries are quite common among runners.
侯景將濟江，知正德有恨，密與交通，許推為主，正德以船迎之。
In 2001 there were 1290 people living in Stebbing.
但大约中午时分，黄巢亲至，全军大呼，齐克让部因饥饿而崩溃了，喧哗且秘密烧了齐克让的营寨，齐克让逃入关，士兵逃往名为“禁谷”的山谷，践踏毁坏了那里的防御工事，使潼关完全对黄巢军洞开。
By the age of ten, she had made a short movie.
Frisch, eserlerinde kıvrak zekasıyla dikkati çeken kurgulamaları, antik zamanla birleştirdiği kendi çağının problemlerine ironik ve Brecht tiyatrosundan daha saldırgan bir üslupla Alman dilindeki en etkileyici ve önemli isimlerden biri olmayı başarmıştır.
Glam metal bands such as Mötley Crüe, W.A.S.P. and Ratt became popular.
Sher Khan's descendent held the posts and ruled over the state for the next two centuries, for a period as tributaries of Baroda, and later it came under the Suzerainty of the British Raj.
People were very shocked.
The children's last names are all different.
The band is made of brothers Luther Dickinson (
The dam provides water for agriculture in Central Washington.
Romanın ilk bölümü hemen hemen bir günü anlatır.
During this period Piero della Francesca worked in the church of San Francesco di Arezzo producing the splendid frescoes.
New railways made relocation easier for settlers and increased conflicts with Native Americans.
In 2016 the municipality had about 34,000 people.
Lostprophets' first release was their 1997 EP Here Comes the Party.
In-ho felt awkward for the first day by watching the scene of severe rape and strange sound from a restroom.
The ceremony also ends Yom Hazikaron.
This means that their immune systems just do not create antibodies to fight off a disease, even after they are vaccinated correctly.
東江水水價在10年間飆升一倍，由2007年每立方米3.489元，加價至2016年的7.14元，加幅之大受到質疑，除了價格高昂外，香港一直以「統包總額」支付東江水費用，但每年本港實際用水量只達上限85% citation ，致浪費大量食水、公帑。
He played 2 seasons with them and then moved on to play in the Ontario Provincial Junior Hockey League for the Ajax Axemen for 2 seasons and the Aurora Tigers for 1 season.
The Astronaut Wives Club television drama series.
The Arab Winter started in 2014 and happened four years after Ahmed H Adam and Ashley D Robinson.
Dasiç, bu takımda adını duyurdu ve o zamanlarda Avrupa'nın en iyi genç basketbolcularından biri olduğu düşünüldü ve Avrupa'daki büyük kulüplerin dikkatini çekmeyi başardı.
Thomas, his friend, Jessica and Wolfgang are seen at the Cup Final match.
One of the popular ones is Youth Hostels Association (YHA).
欺凌姜申愛，被尤娜向老師告發，因而對尤娜懷恨在心，跟她打架，但敗給尤娜。
Thomas Anthony Parker (born ( 1988-00-04 ) error error error) is an English singer, record producer and sound engineer.
The system has been a great success, but it does have some problems.
He participated in the 1950 British Empire Games.
The way the blood flows to the human nose is special, so it is possible (but very unlikely) for infections to spread directly to the brain from a cut, scratch or a popped pimple.
Yükseklik değişimlerini telafi etmek için iki istinat duvarı inşa edildi ve toprak koşullarıyla başa çıkmak için yerinde dökme kazıklar kullanıldı.
The Outstanding Debut award recognises the work of writers, directors and producers.
Gaspar y Rimbau wrote plays, zarzuelas (light operas), and novels.
Vigbrand fra Agder, Vikar Haraldsson, Øystein Halvdansson in addition to Halvdan Svarte.
，产值约占国内生产总值的40%，畜牧产品出口收入占到出口总收入的50%以上，
John Payne Todd was a notorious drunkard and gambler, which caused his mother many financial problems, especially after Madison died.
Princeton University Press, p. 135. citation It weighted about convert.
It was released as a promotional single, however it managed to impact music charts in the United States.
Even though it is unusual for women to go bald, many women suffer from thinning hair over the top of their head as they grow old.
Chapel, or just a small room that is set aside for prayer.
The idea, based on Zen, was to concentrate your attention on the wealth inside your mind.
举个例子，根据离解反应，当氯化钠（NaCl） 俗称食盐 置于水中时，固态盐会溶解成其成分中的离子 citation ：
It is part of the author's yet larger MPDOSTIP.
Defensemen Pavel Doležal and Karel Wagner are going to their first games.
Another way is to look at the thoughts and ideas of the source text and to get these into the target language.
The skull form is almost identical to modern humans, Ghosh P. 2017.
She became a member of the National Track & Field Hall of Fame in 1980 citation and the U.S. Olympic Hall of Fame in 1985.
Raina made significant contributions in the first edition of the tournament to compensate the Chennai Super Kings over the losses of key players like Matthew Hayden, Michael Hussey and Jacob Oram.
She is especially notable for acting in the situation comedy Dharma & Greg.
Bu ilçe öteden beri bağ ve bahçeleri ile, dolayısıyla şarabı ile de ünlüdür.
He needed a third surgery to clean out the infection.
Often they wanted ones that didn't grow near them, so they got them from far away.
，天然純種的三線閉殼龜現已瀕臨絕種。
Autumn Reeser (born September 21, 1980) is an American actress.
He later became a football coach and managed Anzhi Makhachkala in 1995.
Its first game is Famicom Wars, and it has a spin-off called Battalion Wars.
It contains many sections of sexual orientation.
The orchestra in turn retaliates with menacing trumpet blasts."
He could convince the coaches and so he signed with FC Red Bull Salzburg in Austrias Bundesliga.
In the early 1990s, North Korea began to experience a famine, labelled as the 'Great Famine'.
“Digerie Preist” was among them.
Kendisi 9 yaşında bir erkek çocuğu olmasına rağmen düşman güçlerine karşı silahla mücadele etmiştir.
除了聽到一些他的煽動性演說外，我也不知道他的政治觀點。
They should have both positions and velocities that were related.
The Honeymooners dropped in the ratings after 39 episodes and its run ended.
's first Vesakh celebration is held.
Hajiro volunteered to be part of the all-Nisei 442nd Regimental Combat Team.
Deep Green Resistance (DGR) is an environmental movement.
In February 2013 Kawanabe joined the Latvian Higher League club FC Jūrmala.
Her career lasted from 1982 until her retirement in 2019.
自由主义界定的国家利益与谈判的现实主义的结合即为此理论解释 G. John Ikenberry: The Future of the Liberal World Order.
That means property is passed down from a mother to her children.
TF 56 was the largest force within TF 50 and was built around the 10th Army.
There are usually 3-5 eggs laid. citation After the young have hatched, the remain with their parents for several months.
The second husband is the theater and film actor Igor Petrenko, he studied at the "Sliver" for a course younger.
He was the youngest of the seven children of Prince Adam Stanisław Sapieha-Kodenski.
The city became an important place from the east to the province of Germania.
With over 80,000 drivers, the NHRA is considered one of the largest motorsports organizations in the world.
This powers up all electrical panels which control the station.
It is one of six simple machines.
It was originally called Rio Caobana.
Agave kültürü, günümüzde Meksika ulusal kimliğinin bir parçası olarak görülmektedir.
" that caused extreme pain to any who heard it, this sound is the origin of the English word panic.
The district is in the middle of Arkansas.
Some of them use Git but have different interface with unique web-design.
It is difficult to measure exactly how many, because each person has a different mixture of preferences, but about 5-10% are left-handed.
The small airfield of Ockenburg was captured by the Germans.
The first movement is called “Liturgie de cristal” (“Chyrstal liturgy”) and describes the birds waking up.
Bu ekonomilerin çoğu geleneksel olarak petrole aşırı bağımlıdır ve ekonomilerinde başka bir payandayı oluşturmada güçlük çekmektedir.
They usual weigh around 30–40 kg.
The Olmecs are famous for the large stone heads they made.
The music video is created by a series of live clips of 30 Seconds to Mars.
Its objective was to provide an efficient, adequate, economical and properly integrated system of public inland transport and port facilities within Great Britain for passengers and goods, excluding transport by air.
Ayılar insanlardan korkmadıkları için, park ve piknik alanlarındaki çöpleri karıştırarak yiyecek temin etmeye çalışmaktadırlar.
Futons are generally used with a futon cover, because these make it easy to keep the futon clean.
The Funeral Oration and Prayer (1192-95) and the Old Hungarian Lament of Mary (13th century) are the earliest known continuous Hungarian texts.
There are many examples of extinct volcanoes.
Gazeteciliğe üniversite öğrencisiyken Anka Ajansı'nda başladı.
不过最主要的扫雷平台依然是各种扫雷舰艇。
Identifying and understanding the narcissistic personality.
，各出七成隊伍，以嘉義為基地向東開拓道路。
Birbirlerine oldukça soğuk davranan çiftin evliliklerinin iyi gitmediği her hallerinden bellidir.
The Romani Archives and Documentation Center.
The Italian restaurateur Alfredo Di Lelio doubled the amount of butter used.
It is the largest area of semi-arid woodland in the state.
When they get older, their gills are covered over by skin.
It ran from August 13, 1997 to February 25, 1998.
This software is usually free and is developed by members of the public, or a nonprofit organisation.
;279X/279A←→248M、249M，次程可獲$4.
Saarinen is now considered one of the masters of American 20th Century architecture.
It was brought there by accident in the 1960s.
The Heckler & Koch MP5 submachine gun: a favourite with law enforcement and the military.
Meanwhile, the Kremling Krew returns under the leadership of KAOS.
For instance, the smallest of the wolf spiders of the genus Trabeops are only 4 mm.
"Tatar" ismi, tarih boyunca Çince kaynaklara birçok farklı şekilde uyarlanmıştır.
Its claim to be apostolic means it can be traced back to the original disciples of Jesus.
These texts would have been written over a period of time by a number of contributors and officially adopted by the church involved.
The format of the show has changed several times since the show has been on the air.
Chaco is from the word lang.
Restorasyon ve inşa çeşitli eleştirilere tabi tutulmuş ve hakkında protestolar düzenlenmiştir.
Roya's husband, Daryoush Taghipoor, found out his wife was in prison when he traveled to the Middle East to look for her.
This lasted for two years.
祖宗之美，敢不呈献” ，后所献书画受到宪宗赞赏。
共同體中有九國首先簽約，另外三國兩個成員國：丹麥和愛爾蘭，將條約交諸國內表決。
She is best known for her role as Donna Stern in Obvious Child, as well as being the co-creator of the Marcel the Shell with Shoes On short movies and children's book series.
They teach people about drugs.
The routes taken by the Creator Beings in their Dreamtime journeys across land and sea.
Of that, convert, or 0.20%, is water.
“魏末周初衢街稍整，大寺因而成四伽蓝，草堂本名，即为一寺。”
Kısa süreli göç hareketleri,daha çok civar köylerde yaşayan halk için geçerli olmaktadır.
Nijeryalı Oludamola Osayomi altın madalyanın yeni sahibi olurken Saint Vincent ve Grenadineler'i temsil eden Natasha Mayers gümüş, İngiliz Katherine Endacott bronz madalyaya yükseldi.
Devlet işlerine meşgul ve o eceli geldiğini fark etmedi.
It was followed by Melodrama in 2017.
It was officially adopted as the country's national anthem in 1831.
Many Bunker Hill residents moved there too.
Alyonka is the name of the fictional girl on the package.
Ruslar bu versiyonun ilk F-16 modellerine eşdeğer olduğunu iddia etmektedirler.
One might test for do colleges with a higher-ranked basketball program tend to have a higher-ranked football program?
），而深涌村是當地5條鄉村包括聖教堂村、包尼仔村、石頭徑村、對面村及灣仔村的統稱，
'nin 10 Ekim 2008 tarihinde çıkarttığı ikinci stüdyo albümüdür.
He became the Armenian defense minister in 1993.
He fought as a professional from 1961 to 1973.
The timer is the black rectangle.
此外，11000系生產編號和10000系及相鐵其他列車也有一些差別。
，主要业务范围为航空科学技术、国防军事、航空与军事科普、航空文化、大众科普等图书的出版。
A 19th-century drawing of the Law Rock in Þingvellir.
A 6th Division Marine demolition crew watches explosive charges detonate and destroy a Japanese cave, May 1945.
Hans Rudolf "Hansrüdi" Spillman (born 7 January 1932) is a retired Swiss sports shooter.
The King shows her that it is on the table.
More beats can be gotten by doing combos while grabbing bananas.
“合作人员训练班”，培训抗日骨干。
Dengue fever is probably a very old disease.
據報導他在十五歲改宗伊斯蘭教，
Some parts of Europe did not use the Anno Domini system until the 15th century.
The Danish international had a habit of scoring late winners, most notably against Swansea City, Sunderland, Hull City and many others.
Fort Nelson is in the newly formed Northern Rockies Regional Municipality and is also in the northeastern corner of British Columbia.
They emigrated to Armenia in 1946.
Nate was the 14th named storm and 7th hurricane of the 2005 season.
It is used to keep small items like keys connected to a keyring.
Alternatively, each player places his own pieces at random, producing two different arrays.
Ikeda got married and changed her name to Hiromi Ikeda (池田 浩美) from Hiromi Isozaki (磯﨑 浩美) in 2007.
There, Freyja decides where her warriors shall sit.
始建于1952年，该路上下行分离，
Some Cubans did not like this and tried to leave Cuba.
，一般栖息于河口及其附近低盐度的咸淡水中。
Postmodern art and literature commonly talk about themselves and make fun of themselves.
"Creep" was popular, so they felt under pressure to make more similar songs.
Marşın bu yeni versiyonu Ekim 2005'te İran Melal Orkestrası tarafından icra edildi.
Mickey Jones (June 10, 1941 – February 7, 2018) was an American drummer and actor.
The band has released four albums.
Even in France there is a difference between a traditional baguette and a 'supermarket' baguette.
It is the largest city and main port of the country.
It is believed that democracy in the region will also help to bring about more economic development and public empowerment.
Montgomery ordered all plans for retreat be destroyed.
This took place during the 'gold rush' in the second half of the 1800s.
In 2004, Catherine Allegret, Signoret's daughter, said in her autobiography "Un Monde a L'envers" (A World Upside Down), that she had been sexually abused by Montand at the age of five.
Her father, Franz Johnson, was excited to meet Thomas.
其它還包括：印度教辩证法、佛教辩证法、中世纪辩证法、犹太教塔尔穆德辩证法，以及新教辩证法等。
Medea then killed Jason's half-brother Pelias so Jason could be in charge.
About 4.5 million people in the US get bit by dogs each year.
Another type of knife which is illegal in many places is the "switchblade," a knife that has a button which when pressed activates a spring to open the knife.
He was married to Margaret "Noreen" Remmel from 1948 until her death on April 27, 2012.
总面积12平方公里，总人口29人（2001年），人口密度2人/平方公里。
In the 20th century, geophysical methods were developed for remote exploration of the solid Earth and the ocean.
John Rockwell wrote in The New York Times that Lupu's "singing tone here must be heard to be believed.
The Corporation got eight miles of track and three depots from the take-over.
Connors died on December 4, 2016, at the age of 87 at his home in Seacrest nursing home.
The sex organs are also used for urination, which is one of the ways in which the body removes waste products.
社交機器人是一種main，能夠遵循符合自己身份的社交行為和規範，與人類或其他自主的實體進行人機互動與溝通。
冬季较短，温和少雨，偶尔出现低温天气。
多年來，楊明的感情生活豐富，曾與多名女性相戀。
He was the first jockey to win the award.
Lübnanlı yetkililer uçağın düşüş sebebini öğrenmek için soruşturma açtıklarını belirtti.
Depression BOB 07 started on September 3 and died by the next day.
While they are usually sweet and well-mannered, the pets also save their town from evil men and thieves and help the good and poor people.
六安国治所在六县，即今六安市境内。
Inmates Frank Morris and brothers John and Clarence Anglin were the ones who escaped from the prison.
Every Bishop of Durham from 1071 to 1836 was a Prince Bishop except for the first Norman-appointed Bishop Walcher who was styled an Earl-Bishop.
本剧于2014年8月28日起在云南经济生活频道首播，
This can occur in both public and private areas.
Yüzölçümü 20.159 km² olan şehrin nüfusu 2010 yılı itibarı ile 2.880.
She was succeeded by Hsin Shih-chang, a professor from National Taiwan Normal University.
For most boys, the most important part of going to school was to make them the best possible warriors for the Empire.
However, Airbus has said that Boeing gets money illegally from the United States government, as the U.S. government buys many of Boeing's military products.
He is the only child of their marriage.
In captivity, okapis can live for 30 years or so.
It is often referred as a "liberal" sect and is passed along familial ties.
The Stonehenge Hidden Landscapes team has been creating an underground map of the area in a five-year project.
These lead to a recessed porch.
It was painted in 1875.
While he was a student, he began writing and poetry.
On 23 April, Stuart worked out that they were at the very centre of Australia.
None of these last three children lived past a year.
Their first album, Talking Dreams, was released in October 2013.
He has devoted some 30 books to clarinet and published 22.
In 1936, more than 5,000 people died due to the heat.
尽管拉丁文教授的职业生涯已经为他谋划好了，但盖雷还是急于追求他对诗歌的兴趣 。
Binney and Smith made industrial products before 1900, but in 1903 started to make Crayola crayons.
The Brooklyn Dodgers played in several ballparks.
His last sexual partner, Angela, leaves Emma in front of Ben's apartment.
Gandhi first in 1921, Congress spoke of their flag.
It is not often used when talking about short rock climbs.
The circumference is measured on erect penis: just below the glans penis, in the middle of the shaft, and at the base.
He has made two albums.
Raleigh was started in 1770.
That way, no one would be able to fight or hurt other people.
Those games were Combat (which came with the console), Air-Sea Battle, Basic Math, Blackjack, Indy 500, Star Ship, Street Racer, Surround, and Video Olympics.
He won the Prešeren Fund Award in 1963.
伍德哈尔招募入隊的汤森尤其值得注意。
，宣布平假名櫸坂46將發行出道單曲，並以突擊方式宣布平假名櫸坂46更名為「日向坂46」，正式自櫸坂46獨立 citation citation citation 。
Although still a pagan, he gave several large estates on the Isle of Wight to bishop Wilfrid.
，其黨羽皆被誅殺，司馬休之亦上請解職，但不獲允許。
In 2007, 67844 people lived there.
总面积13平方公里，总人口75人（2001年），人口密度6人/平方公里。
Modern çelik çeşitli standartlar kuruluşları tarafından çeşitli özelliklerine göre sınıflandırılır.
When a person writes on a blog, what they write is in the form of a post, which is a single piece of writing on the blog.
隨後，這空地由市購入，並決定興建擁有「中央生涯學習中心」功能的「東廣島藝術文化會堂」。
Soon after, it changed its name to New Mexico College of Agriculture and Mechanical Arts.
In 2009, 73 people lived in the commune.
The roads north of the Daintree River wind through areas of lush forest, and have been designed to minimize impacts on the forest.
Some of these sodomy laws have been overturned in the western world.
They implanted 42 mother monkeys, and 22 of them became pregnant, but there were only two infant macaques, and they died soon after birth.
Yeni menajerleri Neil Aspinall'ın çabalarıyla Londra’daki Decca Records'la anlaşmaya çalışan The Beatles üyeleri plak firması tarafından geri çevrilince Hamburg'a geri döndüler ve aynı gün Stuart Sutcliffe'in ölüm haberini aldılar.
，之後历任国史馆编修、实录馆协修等职。
That show was about a teenage girl in love with her teacher.
Hard Rock, kökenleri 1960 başları Garaj Rock'ı ve Jazz'a dayanan bir rock and roll tarzıdır.
快樂廣播事業集團（快樂廣播網）的成員，
According to sola fide, this would mean that many church customs were useless, and should be cast away.
He published his first two books in 1966.
Lopez went to Pearl City High School.
Each of those parties got less than 1% of the total vote.
The state-appointed officials are responsible for matters such as health, education, and agriculture in each district.
İlk olarak 1943 yılında Ahmet Halit Kitabevi tarafından İstanbul'da yayımlanmıştır.
Since 1990, the society awards the Eldsjälen Award.
An intense search followed, and a number of the gang or their associates were soon arrested.
皇冠可以是紋章中的圖形，亦可以在盾牌的上方出現。
It has different industries, including the production of car parts, nylon yarn, and cookies.
It aims to unite all Zomi people under one governing unit, known as a Zogam, meaning "land of the Zomi".
'nı kuran (Kızıl Hunlar da denen) Kidaritlerin de Hunlar ile akraba bir kavim olduğunu düşünmeye başlamışlardır.
在遊戲中部分地點的主題音樂，其實就是林克所學到的、吹奏就會到達那地方的陶笛歌曲的變奏版本 。
但直到景泰帝逝世之時，固安郡主實質上只有8歲，並不如劇中般年長。
Benzetme indüksiyonu ile mantık yürütmede kapsamlı çalışmalar yapılmıştır.
It has large eyes with pupils that open side to side.
Many starfish live in deep water, others in shallow water.
In 1959, Oswald received a hardship discharge (for mother's health) to quit the Marines, but defected to the Soviet Union, for nearly 3 years.
He wanted to demonstrate the venue's recently installed gas lighting.
Driven by state renewable energy mandates, fourteen states have installed over 1,000 MW of wind capacity, and a total of 37 states now have installed at least some large-scale wind power.
The ego “is ruled by the reality principle”.
This is called the induction step.
Lindgren began as a poet in 1965 but had to wait until 1982 for his breakthrough, with the novel The Way of a Serpent (Swedish: Ormens väg på hälleberget).
They started to plot against Boris because they saw him as a threat to themselves.
，在日朝鮮人被指縱火而受到日本人攻擊，造成上千人身亡，金素月遂回到朝鮮 。
The Mint became an Incorporated Administrative Agency on April 1, 2003.
For all articles related to government agencies or organization or institutions of Kansas.
The most well known of these videos is usually titled "Steve Ballmer going crazy."
In 2008 the independent record label Jagjaguwar released it in the United States.
The Nayars Today.
It is 900 km long, 4–20 m deep, and 7.3 km wide at the narrowest point.
Mustafa Reşid, İstanbul'a geri döndüğünde İbrahim Paşa'nın Mısır Ordusu Kütahya'ya kadar ilerlemişti.
Oakley has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters.
It is made in plain, vanilla and cinnamon varieties by street vendors across the nation.
The movie 300 is based on Xerxes.
，表示與一名25歲的男特別顧問沒有任何曖昧關係，直指有關傳聞「失實和懷有惡意」，事件中的特別顧問已經辭職；他又在聲明披露，結婚十三年來，
His health started to become poor.
Maç, Dorukhan'ın attığı golle Eskişehirspor'un 1-0'lık üstünlüğü ile tamamlandı.
She played the role until the series' cancellation in 2014.
》（卷124）：“太祖知王终不可以谕降，乃命傅友德为征南将军，蓝玉、沐英为副，帅师征之。
After her father died, she edited and published his writings as Recollections and Private Memoirs of Washington, by his Adopted Son George Washington Parke Custis, with a Memoir of this Author by his Daughter Custis, G.W. Parke.
BB為了證明自己才是宇宙第一公主，而要愛德華讓自己被選上……
The headquarters of the taluk is the town of Sendurai.
》 EP9（2018年6月1日）
In the story "Retcon Hour", Myk-El came back to life and it was proved that he was not a traitor.
In 1886, the Yard was designated the manufacturing center for all ordnance in the Navy.
From this location, the Japanese naval forces hoped to defeat any Allied (primarily U.S.) naval forces, especially carrier forces.
Dört hafta arayla verilen kas içi enjeksiyonla verilen 0.5 mL'lik iki dozla uygulanır.
Currently, only one school is such a member, but a second will join in July 2019.
The 1965 Atlantic hurricane season did not have very many storms.
Some accused Ghulam of working for the British who were trying to use him to remove the concept of Jihad from Indian Muslims.
Kretschmann was born on September 8, 1962 in Dessau, East Germany.
She's 160 cm tall and her weight is 39 kg.
From 2009 to 2014 it was an autonomous research university.
Secondly, he saw that most physical contact happened while running with the ball, dribbling or hitting it.
，臨濟宗大慧宗杲禪師好講“妙悟” 《大慧普覺禪師語錄》卷二十六 。
Damage in Mexico was relatively minor, with only a single casualty caused by a downed power line.
Sextus Empiricus reported that such ideas were savored by Christian apologists.
Another biker gang rides into town.
The bigger countries of Europe formed two sides.
He then fired clip after clip of rifle ammunition, killing or wounding at least three of the enemy.
However, since the Thompson was expensive to make in large numbers, the British made a submachine gun of their own, that would be cheap and quick to make.
Beladan önce Tanrı Musa'ya İsrailoğullarına bildirmesi için kapılarına koyun kanı sürmelerini böylece o eve girmeyeceğini söyledi.
In the later Battle of Dupplin Moor and Halidon Hill the same tactics that brought victory at Bannockburn brought them defeat.
The pair said that "the" was added to Smokey's name to keep the song's rhythm.
The child nominees and their parents are expected to "
This sauce is a component of certain ciorba and the sarmale.
It has also been very common for aristocrats to belong to priestly dynasties.
Most of these are phosphates.
Amanda MacKinnon Gaiman Palmer (born April 30, 1976), sometimes known as Amanda Fucking Palmer, citation is an American musician.
Journal of Geophysical Research 110 (E5).
The ride is in The Old West section of the park and was previously named Eraser (2001–2004) and FX (2005).
It opened on 9 September 1869, and was originally for boys only.
This is when they use many patients who have had brain damage and try to figure out which parts of the brain are responsible for different cognition.
RTÉ Radio has four stations.
Although its beginnings were in the House and Home Financing Agency, it was founded in 1965 to develop and execute policy on housing and cities.
Üniversite eğitimi almamış olmasına karşın, 1995'te Brandeis Üniversitesi tarafından verilmiş 'Fahri Doktora' unvanına sahip.
In December 1978, Jackson started making his first solo album on Epic Records, Off the Wall with Quincy Jones.
This usually means that they "assisted" in the goal.
The library looks like a two storeyed building seen from the facade but as we know it former had three stories inside.
A book of prints, after the above artists, was published in 1792, in two volumes, with subsequent editions.
He was born in Maniwaki, Canada and is 44 years old.
The autobiography is listed as fiction.
Birinci Yarı final 10 Aralık 2016 tarihinde yapılmış ve elemelerden yükselen altı katılımcıdan dördü ikinci yarı finale yükselmiştir.
A special kind of noodle called bánh phở that is made from rice is used to make phở.
）一带聚居最多，故后人遂以江夏为黄氏的郡望。
He bit one of the people trying to save him.
Following the publication of an anti-Austrian article on his newspaper, in September 1880, Colautti was attacked by a group of Croatian soldiers who rendered him impaired for a few months.
It is a strong and very quick dog for its size.
David Newfeld'ın ismi de ilk kez bu albümde grup üyesi olarak yazıldı.
Also in this scene, the office is shown decorated with the corpses of the demons Dante has killed throughout the game.
Erkut Tutkun, Mehmet Yalçın Taşmektepligil, Sevgi Canbaz, Hakan Acar ve Musa Çon tarafından yapılan araştırmayla Samsunspor taraftarlarının sosyo-ekonomik grafiği çıkartılarak şiddete eğilimli oldukları tespit edilmiştir.
He also worked on the original opening for Nicktoons and for shows such as Doug, Johnny Bravo, and My Life as a Teenage Robot, as well as the Disney animated series PB&J Otter.
The Census bureau says there were 754,104 people living in Gwinnett County in 2006.
The leader of the party with the largest representation of seats in the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly.
They are called "AKG" or "AKFG."
They spot Nemorino, who has clearly spent his military signing bonus, and has bought and consumed a large amount of 'elixir' (wine again) from Dr. Dulcamara.
Fairbairn was active as a producer from 1976 to 1999.
Zor hayat şartları altında yaşayanlar için pozitif yüklü parçalar söyleyen Malt, bu albümü dinlerken kimsenin dert sahibi olmayacağını söylüyor.
One is the Mabechi River which runs from the south to the east, and flows into the Pacific Ocean.
If the genetics of both parents is well understood, the possibilities for the foetus are well defined.
北海爵士音乐节的音乐风格多样，
There are many worlds in Ikariam.
The north west and middle of the island is covered with thick forest.
De Haas was born in Bielatal.
He was born in Songon, French West Africa.
Dairy cattle grazing (eating grass) in a field.
報稱獨立的俞卓君，亦早於2018年開展在此區的服務。
In 1942, the Chamber of Commerce of Minneapolis, Minnesota, chose Gaylord as their 1942 'Miss Minnesota.'
Yevgeny Onegin was the first Russian novel which told a story about the society of the time.
They were buried with the names Anastasia and Maria Nikolaevna.
They are planning to go on their No Shame tour this year and will be featuring the famous rock band, All Time Low.
The professional head of the naval service is the First Sea Lord.
It was found by a team of astronomers led by Brett J. Gladman in 2003.
An example is mockingbirds on the Galapagos Islands — one species of mockingbird lives on each island, but all the species split from a shared ancestor species.
The national competition of “Marianne d'Or” rewards each year action, creativity, rigor, dedication and passion for local democracy in villages and towns in France.
Veriler, varlıkları ve onların ilişkilerini temsil eden daha yüksek seviyeli nesneler kullanılarak manipüle edilebilir.
Kennedy was shot once in the throat and once in the head.
女王會委仼由當地總理或國會「建議」的人選出仼總督一職，替女王本人在當地執行職務，也因為女王在那些國家沒有什麼實際角色意義，因此那些國家中甚至會有民眾不知道她是自己國家的元首。
Educated in Florida, he completed a degree in aeronautical engineering at Auburn University.
It was housed in several buildings between Hay Street and St George's Terrace.
The word "swing" is hard to explain.
； 事後他更憑藉傑出表現，獲上級傳令褒獎。
To make the compass work, you need to change how far the pencil sticks out.
The territory of the Armenian language appears to have been roughly coincidental with that of the earlier non-IE Hurrian and closely related Urartian (with Dark shading).
Austria-Hungary and the Ottoman Empire then agreed to stop fighting.
The bassist, Tim Sköld added some industrial beats to the song when he joined the band in 2002.
Bu şarkı şu an için Jackson'ın son "bir numara" şarkısıdır.
They are known as "Crich50".
由於參院選舉在大阪、兵庫等近畿選舉區獲勝，但近畿以外的選舉區大敗，因此希望藉由變更黨名而將勢力擴展至全國 citation citation 。7月底，黨中央針對政黨與相關政治團體所屬的國會、地方議員進行黨名調查，提出「日本維新會」、「維新會」、「包含『維新』的其他名稱」三個選項。
It acts as a full wave rectifier to convert alternating current to direct current.
釋證嚴於刑事部份獲判無罪，但民事部份，判決釋證嚴敗訴，應賠償101萬元 citation 。
，每當他一上場打擊觀眾就會開始演奏這首歌。
Although she never referred to herself as being transgender, many modern scholars believe that was only because the term still was rarely used during her lifetime.
It was called the "
About nine months before the Japanese take-over of the entire set of islands, Ross Island experienced an earthquake, which caused many people to leave the Island.
There is no national holiday with time off work, but different events go on for the full traditional 2 weeks up to the Lantern Festival.
After graduating with his degree, Leon founded Zeon Computer (M) Sdn Bhd, a chain of IT stores providing IT supplies and solutions.
Bir oyuncunun elinde aranan kart(lar)dan varsa mutlaka birini göstermek zorundadır.
It was designed in 1997 by Sidney Frank, a billionaire.
The bottom were for slaves captured in battle.
A small minority of people have four fingers and four toes, on each hand and foot, respectively.
Its total length is 8,546 km (2006).
，苏州专区行政公署的第一任专员。
It was first shown in 1990.
Vocables are sounds that are not proper words, but mean something, and are often ambiguous.
Also, some river conservation groups, most notably Friends of the Los Angeles River (FoLAR) have been created.
終於被背風港深、腹地寬度的北岸滬尾取代。
He was one of the thinkers and pioneers of the Islamic Movement of Afghanistan.
Certain players advance the ball by carrying or throwing it.
It killed about 100 people.
Don't expect a masterpiece and you should walk away moderately pleased with the experience".
The film was produced by the Keystone Film Company under the working title Fire Insurance Story.
The amount and temperature of the gas are constant.
一些老版本教科書和參考手冊把該算法命名為Shell-Metzner，即包含Marlene Metzner Norton的名字，但是根據Metzner本人的說法，“我沒有為這種算法做任何事，我的名字不應該出現在算法的名字中。”
Kären Hess, Christine Hess Orthmann (Clifton Park, NY: Delmar/Cengage Learning, 2012), p. 23 Each state decides what powers the sheriff will have.
，拥有153亿个晶体管 citation ，
It means "The Roman Senate and People" or "The Senate and People of Rome".
Retrieved on September 6, 2011.
This is because a lot of it comes from African and Spanish rhythms.
Minimum means the least you can do of something.
Shōkaku had a damaged flight deck which required three months of repair in Japan.
It was later rebuilt.
He helped them with weapons and military training.
'deki harika maçı kazanan Undertaker oldu.
Because there are no political parties in Tuvalu, any member of parliament can be nominated for the role.
It makes live action short videos, animated videos, video game animations, and voiced video game playing called Let's Play.
Kanchipuram district is known for its 'Silk', since it is one of the main professions of the people living in and around is weaving silk sarees.
That sav’d a wretch like me!
It allied itself with Zürich in 1457, and became a full member of the Swiss Confederation in 1501.
Her shoes and clothing having been worn out and fixed repeatedly.
The book was a major shift of focus in Lessing's writing, from realism to science fiction.
Because of his finish, Soto went to South Korea and was able to compete in the Giant Slalom race.
While Captain Mirvan throws Mme.
Selected moons, with the Earth to scale.
It was also used as an electronic warfare plane.
It is the first (and only) known near-complete skeleton of a tetrapod from the earliest Carboniferous.
This time Malcolm advised him to make peace with king William of England.
In the American domino theory they feared that if communism took hold in Vietnam, it would spread to other countries nearby.
It is the largest parish in the North Louisiana region and the fourth-largest in the state.
The highest point in the country is the Cerro Catedral whose peak reaches to convert.
Different parts of the CPU do these different things.
The two were in love with one another, a rarity at the court of Versailles.
Bu sanatçının 13 yıl sonra Avrupa'da çıkacağı ilk turne oldu.
Oyunculuk kariyerinde Grant Colman karakterini 1974-1981 arası ve 1986-1989 arası iki defa yayınlanan televizyon yapımı As the World Turns adlı yapımla bilinir.
It appeared on the Fierce Panda version.
It goes from Dunmore, Pennsylvania east to Sturbridge, Massachusetts.
In places where a firearm cannot be carried or the person chooses not to carry a firearm, there are other weapons they can carry.
The team played its home games at Deva Stadium.
The city is named after Fernando VI of Spain.
There was standing water over a wide area affecting 20% of the city's housing and damaging 90 out of its 105 schools.
发言人范丽青表示：维护钓鱼岛主权符合两岸同胞的共同利益，符合中华民族的长远利益和根本利益。
The things they make include stationery (
The song was the second single announced before the CD was officially available to the public.
When that blink of light gets back to the bottom, the count changes to two, and another blink of light is set off.
Dominik Gundlack, Max Krüger, Jasmin Flemming, Patrick Gerner and Anna lived also in the Townhouse.
He was also founding member and Vice Chairman of Alliance of Free Democrats (SZDSZ) and Speaker of the National Assembly before becoming President.
原有單數H車廂將會拆下輪椅預留位，而原有單數南行M車廂將會加裝輪椅預留位。
The month of Ramadan changes every year because the Muslims follow the lunar calendar rather than the Christians' solar calendar.
He was trained by Ra's al Ghul just like Batman was in Batman Begins.
Due to a low bridge, this service could only be operated with single-deck vehicles.
He appeared as a woman at other times.
），字子壁，号星耦，一号聚五，萨尔图克氏，内务府蒙古正白旗人。
The Kavirondo bury their dead.
Asian mist is the illegal move of spitting a colored liquid into an opponent's face in professional wrestling.
兩位官員注意到故事之間的相似之處：鬣狗象徵廚師、斑馬象徵船員、猩猩象徵Pi的母親、老虎象徵Pi本人。
這條中場線協助祖雲達斯以全季不敗輝煌戰績奪冠。
He is also the All-China Federation of Returned Overseas Chinese Youth Committee member.
Compared to most games, the grenades and are more deadly.
The base includes harbour facilities for the whole fleet.
Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.5% of the population.
There were 7,587 housing units at an average density of 14 per square mile (5/km²).
Darcy also played for and coached South Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).
Kagin's wife died in 2010.
The colors will be in the order: red, orange, yellow, green, blue, and violet.
The game was directed by Tim Schafer.
She started swimming again in 2011 for the European Championship and then competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
The Seahawks play their homes games at Lumen Field (formerly known as Seahawks Stadium, Qwest and CenturyLink Field).
Louis Untermeyer, American writer (d.
Important programmes relating to social and culture are also organised here.
Of these people, approximately 30% worked for governments (federal, state, or local).
So Timmy and Sparky make up a plan.
他曾在1933年给洛夫克拉夫特写信，想要些他没看过的洛夫克拉夫特早期作品 Robert Bloch.
It is the oldest Spanish epic poem that is nearly complete; the only missing pages are the first page along with 2 others within the writing.
大二賽季 (main)，柯瑞率領黑馬main（main）進入了瘋狂的三月，晉級八強戰。
Bazı ilkel yumuşakçalarda, orta boşluk, gerçek kalbin bir ön taslağı sayılabilecek kalp zarı boşluğu olarak işlev görür.
The abbey is a shrine to Saint Edmund, the Saxon King of the East Angles, who was killed by the Danes in 869AD.
Fadhil Jamil al-Barwari (1966 – 20 September 2018) was an Iraqi military commander.
That is more common in indoor public pools.
He married Maria Bicknell in 1816, and they had seven children.
; similar industries have been identified across Northern Europe.
However, his enemies, especially the popes, prevailed, and his dynasty collapsed soon after his death.
Thus Mansell won from Senna, Prost, Berger, Piquet and Nannini.
Ecosystem Collapse in Pleistocene Australia and a Human Role in Megafaunal Extinction.
Fetty Wap's commercial debut single, titled "Trap Queen", was released in early 2014.
又使應用程式安裝自我修復失敗時，這個工具會提出一些關於程式啟動的問題。
'a bağlı olabilir.
It will be about 200 times bigger in diameter than it is now.
ISBN 0-8212-5750-1 The bird's bright-coloured breast is hidden.
Multiple studies already proved him wrong.
同年8月2日，證實已於該事件中身故，享壽61歲 citation 。
After graduating from the Saratov State University, he was on the leading Komsomol work as a division head of the Saratov Regional Committee of VLKSM (Komsomol), and the editor of a provincial youth newspaper “Komsomolets”.
At the 2000 census the population was 14,369, but has grown to 20,120 according to the latest Census estimate in 2006.
Most of the largest businesses in the world are publicly traded corporations.
The Queen of air and darkness is about Arthur ’ s early days as a king.
They will watch outdoor birds, other animals and other activity from an inside window perch.
Most of the time, a very bright lamp shines light to the microtiter well and the chemicals react in special ways which can be measured using special equipment.
It sold over six million copies in 1976 alone.
'ı 2-0 yenerek şampiyon bitirmiştir.
Mispronunciation is an actual mistake in speaking.
Nevertheless, it was used for centuries by all kinds of societies.
He previously worked at Yahoo!, and currently co-founded of WhatsApp.
In the week before opening, Fireproof had pre-sold more than $1 million in tickets.
As a teenager, Fischer became well-known worldwide because of his skill at chess.
He founded Microprose in 1982 with Bill Stealey.
His record of 55 wins and 60 losses, means he became the only Kansas coach to have a losing record.
考慮這一點，我想肯定會對自身重新改觀，且為我們自己的未來作出更多選擇。 citation 霍華還特別著重探討了凱特「對恐懼和失去的習慣」，因為此角本身就是個「軍事本命」的人（military brat）。
Their record company is Toy's Factory.
The number tells how fast a film reacts when light shines on it.
It is an important route that usually carries long-distance traffic.
与前代iPhone相比，iPhone 3GS的屏幕由18位色升级为了24位色，这让iPhone 3GS的屏幕能更好地表现出色彩 citation 。iPhone 3GS在屏幕下共有3个传感器；户持有iPhone的方向，调整手机画面的朝向，并自动调整手机横向画面或纵向画面 citation citation 。
From Broadmoor, Ley wrote letters and poems and protested his innocence to his wife and children.
However he re-entered public life in 2002 during the second referendum on the Nice Treaty, when he urged a yes vote.
Many students get a day off from school on this day.
She also commented in her interview that certain companies refused to sign her to their labels because they believed she was not "pretty" enough, although she sang very well.
It usually does not have a nap, and instead gains its softness through the loosely spun yarn it is woven from.
The population was 3,095 at the 2010 census.
He began a new dynasty when there was a break or change in the power of government.
The spinning jenny was a huge success due to the fact that it could hold more than one ball of yarn, therefore making more clothing materials in a shorter amount of time while reducing the overall cost.
; as of August 2012, there are 285 Wikipedias.
这造成缺乏任何已知的多项式复杂度算法解决最大流问题。
A Chromebook is an example of a thin client.
Bu sistem zamanla değişiklikler gösterse de hâlen geçerliliğini korumaktadır.
This is the 4th game of this series.
He started as a trainee artist at the Ankara State Theater.
With the new Iron Maiden guitarist launches one of the best albums of his career Fear of the Dark (1992).
Arms of the house of La Trémoille.
The Astrodome was the first of its type built.
Most copper is not as a metal but in chemical compounds.
When she returns to the Dellum's house, she made a rude comment about Biko's death.
The RCMP returned to the area in 2020 and arrests began again as the RCMP cleared the Morice Forest Service Road.
The 2005 North Indian Ocean cyclone season ran through all of 2005.
To Robert he granted the Duchy of Normandy and to William Rufus he granted the Kingdom of England.
This category is for user accounts that have been identified as sockpuppets of NewWorld98.
Thus, courtship is the visible part of a complex series of events whereby the males and females come together for mating.
Tadayoshi Koga was the pilot.
Upon reaching the same gas station and seeing Max, the same hunter they encountered before, Humphrey hesitates.
Erika crossed most of the Gulf of Mexico without becoming a hurricane.
东道主中国参加男、女乒乓球项目的比赛。
，自小喜歡文學、繪畫和音樂，十二歲起開始大量閱讀《
Kidger predicts that the next Great White Spot will happen in the NTZ in 2016, and will probably be less spectacular than the 1990 Great White Spot.
Her father is Sidi Mohamed bin Issa, presenter of the Sheikh Sidi Ahmed Amezian Sheikh of the Rahmani method.
The IIHS uses five tests.
By the end of he war, Sidious could create any law he wanted.
There are some exceptions, citation but usually a three-nucleotide codon represents a single amino acid.
Ayrıca kendi kendini yağlama özelliği vardır.
角贝壳两端带有自然的开孔，可以十分方便的串起来。
，公元前440年至公元前400年为其创作期，
The settlement that was reached included Punk giving the company permission to sell the rest of his remaining merchandise.
It is sometimes called military fiction.
In 2010, 598 people lived there.
However, these machines required large buildings and a huge power source.
The network had discussion and information programs from the liberal perspectives.
An unsafe hook will cause the player to foul.
In November 2019, Lobkov together with his team participates in the creation of the all-Russian award “Opinion Leaders of Russia 2019” the award is held under the auspices of the all-Russian public association “Mothers of Russia”.
She has died before the story begins.
Existed 1 June to 12 December 1979, when it became the colony of South Rhodesia again.
So people who want to perform their military duty under the KATUSA program apply for it in September.
It has been used on networks with only a small number of nodes.
人多相食，饑疫總至，百官流亡者十八九。
Siamangs grow to about 1 m in height, and weigh up to 23 kg.
He was accused of hiding more than $245,000 in loans and $87,000 in profits from buying and selling silver.
Ahlaken intihar etmiş ve muhbirlikle bir aileyi söndürmüş olan hastanın başında oturan romanın başkahramanı, gün geçtikçe nefretten nasıl arındığını, nasıl acıma duygusuyla dolduğunu gözlemler.
Charles Groce served as Chief Executive Officer for the church until 27 June 2015.
Lastly he married Mary Craven from 1993 until she died in 2003.
He was born in Krasnogorsk.
In January 1791, Granville Town was taken back by the St. George Bay Company.
It may get harder to move the joint.
Among them are Chlorogalum, Camassia and the family Anthericaceae.
I Care 4 U liner notes.
之后他被带到了Organic Mechanic and Scab (Orion Acaba)——也称Bloodbag。
Not everybody agrees with evolutionary reasons behind the Paleoithic diet.
Coal mines were operating in the village until 1849.
，朝鮮人民軍開始朝南方迂迴，計畫同時從北邊與西邊夾擊釜山，將收縮在該處之聯合國軍完全殲滅；而聯合國軍則在8月開始以大邱為核心防禦釜山，
The participants in Shays' Rebellion believed they were acting in the spirit of the Revolution and modeled their tactics after the crowd activities of the 1760s and 1770s, using "liberty poles" and "liberty trees" to symbolize their cause.
The boy suffered burns over ten percent of his body.
They used the name Encuentro Progresista - Frente Amplio.
When Lee Chih-Kai was 15, he left his hometown Yilan county and moved to Taoyuan city, where Lin Yu-Shin coached a university gymnastic team.
The past tense is used for actions in a time which has already happened.
The development of many of these types of painting was decisively influenced by 17th-century Dutch artists.
Similar string instruments have been around for almost 1,000 years.
），字晉卿，號抑吾，晚明官員。
近來關於「矯正治療」的爭論不休，該學會認為有必要聲明立場。
In an Indian mangrove swamp, it would be called a creek.
I mean I had to fight my way to get into the room.
Stowe wrote her novel because of the 1850 passage of the second Fugitive Slave Act.
Their marriage took place in January 24, 2015.
Kabuğu soyulduktan sonra kavrulmuş olan palamut, toz edilerek kahvesi yapılabilir.
It began to interact with a typohoon in the west Pacific, and thus cased it to dissipate.
Sadler's Wells Theatre was used by foreign companies and by dancers at the beginning of their careers.
Suetonius Claudius 2. Suetonius Claudius 4 Leon'un kitabında ortaya konduğu üzere bu öğretmenin seçilmesindeki nedenleri belirtir.
". citation They bought new cars and television sets.
The Romans named the town where that tribe lived as Augusta Auscorum (or Augusta Ausciorum), which means "Augusta of the Ausci".
As of winter semester 2018 TUM has 41.375 students, 566 professors, and 10.501 staff members.
Norway finished in the first four at the 2017 Sledge Hockey World Championships.
Some people use the nudity as a form of protest, like a movement in the United States that wants equal treatment of bare-chested men, and women.
》（The Washington Post）刊出旺旺中時集團董事長蔡衍明接受訪問。
But the roads were filled with mines, so it was hard for the Allies to advance.
Her best known roles were in Aar Paar (1954), Barsaat Ki Raat (1960) and Tarana (1951).
However, the laws did not work very well.
The table includes officially assigned codes only.
It was previously home to the Wheeling Stogies minor league baseball team.
Their most famous song was "30 Days In The Hole", which was on the album Smokin.
Corps Values: Everything You Need to Know I Learned in the Marines.
Sebastian and Charles spend the rest of the summer together.
So they felt that Milton Keynes was "jumping the queue" to get into the League.
因为在过去王室成员的嫁娶对象主要是当地贵族或功臣，尤其是像路易斯公主这样的非主要成员。
關於迷你雪納瑞最早的紀錄是在19世紀末期的德國，在早期的培養階段，是希望藉由小型品種的混血，將標準雪納瑞的體型減小，產生迷你型的雪納瑞。
Nasser is seen as one of the most important political figures in modern Arab history and politics.
注：这幅画据说被英国王室买下并可能已经被销毁。
He remains a loyal ally to the Romans.
Scientists learned that they could identify all elements by the light colors they produce.
Elizabeth Dungan ile yaptığı konuşmada.
In 1980, Boeing made the 747–300.
Geleneksel düz kâğıt duvar kağıdı, bir tarafa baskı (çizimler, desenler) uygulandığı bir kâğıt tabanından yapılır.
Franck Pourcel conducted the orchestra.
In physics, the universe also contains things that aren't matter, including some elementary particles that have no rest mass.
In 1969, he appeared in a comedy episode from The Virginians.
He is currently the Dean of the Yale School of Architecture.
Pollution can also be classified by what makes it.
Los Guatuzos Wildlife Refuge, south of Lake Cocibolca, next to the Río San Juan on the east.
Watch out for passers-by, and do not throw when people are standing in the range of the boomerang.
Barton impressed the children, who were barely younger than she was, and she felt happy at earning their respect.
This would be put on the top of the box.
武裝的派系再次包圍該公會要求建立內部的革命軍，逮捕犯罪嫌疑人和對各委員會進行清洗。
Her yıl 25 Nisan’da düzenlenen festivalde yapılan yemekler Hawaii’nin kâr amacı gütmeyen en büyük kuruluşu Hawaii Yemek Bankası’na gönderilip evsizlere dağıtılmaktadır.
In 1982 Folkets Hus was assigned to a group of young people — the original founders of Ungdomshuset — however the municipality of Copenhagen still owned the building.
Its IATA code is SCL and ICAO code is SCEL.
Williams worked with Guy Chambers and Mark Ronson for his next album, Reality Killed the Video Star. citation The album was released on 9 November 2009 in the United Kingdom.
出道時，畢·彼特主要在電視節目演出，
It was on their website to download for free for a short amount of time.
首次加入三代半机组--歼10B。
He is well known at Everton for his tackling but his passing and crossing has let him down on more than one occasion.
There is no cure for the hair loss.
，某國採取單方行動損害中國主權及海洋權，試圖讓南海問題擴大複雜化，但中國不會訴諸於武力。
Toast usually lands on the floor butter-side-down.
EP in the meanwhile for its delay in February 2011.
Yazın ise 35-40 dereceye yaklaşan kuru sıcaklar olabilir.
The police found things in his vehicle that troubled them.
The district has 1 town and 15 villages.
Her ikisi de aynı net etkiye sahiptir, ancak mevcut seviyelerin altında karbondioksit konsantrasyon seviyelerine ulaşmak için karbondioksit giderimi önemlidir.
It plays outside of the city in Bridgeview.
They have pointed out that most of the police in Ferguson are white, while most of the people who live in Ferguson are African-American.
Announced in 1956, its' 2-piece form has been compared to a butterfly's open wings.
巧遇「妹妹們」之一的10777號，與她一起行動。
这种行为的目的是使公众意识到某个问题，说服或影响特定的一群人，或是促成未来的非暴力行动。
The Speaker is responsible for controlling the flow of House business.
He is a strong supporter of maintaing strict forms of secrecy when it comes to art produced in his community.
However, another businessman purchased the club in 2004, saving them from liquidation.
From the football players of Hakoah Oskar Grasgrün, Ernst Horowitz, Josef Kolisch, Erwin, Oskar Pollak, Max Scheuer and Ali Schönfeld were murderd by the Nazis.
Unfortunately, both she and Farr believed the disease was caused by foul air: this was called the miasma theory.
Cambridge University Press, Cambridge. p. 7 Little is known for certain about Sappho's life.
Sometimes the word changes from "gwneud" to "wneud", and from "dod" to "ddod".
The CRM system helps them automatically manage and submit applications online during the application process.
Typically, the efficiencies of thin-film solar cells are lower compared with silicon (wafer-based) solar cells, but manufacturing costs are also lower, so that a lower price in terms of $/watt of electrical output can be achieved.
During the 1860s and 1870s the prisoners left at the prison were either too old, too sick, or insane to keep working.
The song is in the form of a conversation.
It had been started by Hallé the year before to play at an exhibition.
It was first built around 1290.
在間冰階，沙漠的縮少令生活在乾旱地區及潮濕地區的群族再次接觸，形成了限制的基因流。
He uses maple seeds as weapons, calling them "Ninja bush".
Sullivan was the Minister of Community, Sport and Cultural Development and the Minister Responsible for TransLink.
After Suharto's resignation democracy improved.
Scalloped hammerheads usually grow to the length of 1.5 to 2.7 meters long, but the longest found was 4.3 meters long.
National Geographic Research 2, 234–256.
The university is often referred to as the Sorbonne or la Sorbonne, after the creation of the college (Collège de Sorbonne) founded around 1257 by Robert de Sorbon.
：Lithromantic）是一个网络流行词，至今没有任何文献或心理组织承认。 citation 在网络上通常被认为是一种浪漫倾向（Romantic Orientation），是无浪漫倾向谱系（Aromantic Spectrum）的一支。 citation 指對某人產生好感，卻不希望從對方獲得情感回應的人。
The other members also kept their solo careers, between tours.
When someone is "in the Hall of Fame," it means they have a story of their life in baseball shown in the museum.
Tigers vary in size depending on their subspecies.
百合川南高等學校老大，通稱阿波。
It has 50% more pixels than a standard HDTV screen.
These killed and ate the remaining deer. citation This left the deer nearly extinct in China. citation citation The last known deer in the wild in China was shot in 1939 near the Yellow Sea.
The Countess entrusts it to George and wants him to find her missing ancestor Don Carlos.
It also serves international flights to other Asian destinations.
，依主體工程分為第一、二期，後續工程為第三期共三期施工。
In addition, a deeper understanding of the relationship between the built environment and quality of care will help ensure that healthcare facilities are designed to meet the diverse needs of patients, families, and staff.
Some companies let people send and receive emails for free from a remote website.
目前车站除了接发皖赣线上的列车外，
" places for people of different races.
Altıncı nesil 160GB iPod Classic, orijinal 30 iğneli iPod konektörünü ve Click Wheel'i kullanan için iPod hattındaki son Apple ürünü oldu.
Judith is a struggling artist who finds herself in what seems like a great opportunity when she is hired by a renowned and sinister visual artist named Roberta Roslyn.
Tukabai(Née Mohite), the stepmother of Shivaji and paternal aunt of Soyarabai insisted on the marriage.
They decided this at the 1884 International Meridian Conference.
戴振秋（1962年 － ），广东阳江人，
DeLuise appeared in The Dean Martin Show.
"My dog ​​dynamite" and "A little French love" their most important issues.
Peter Berdowski, Chief Executive of Royal Boskalis Westminster, stated that the operation "can take days to weeks".
是年，组委会首次面向社会公开招募核心志愿者。
They released their self-title debut album, Bowling for Soup, in September 1994.
It is the highest grossing animated film of 2011, the 9th highest grossing animated film ever released, the 53rd highest-grossing film of all time and the 6th highest-grossing film of 2011.
力求营造轻松的氛围以吸引更多的玩家。
Buildings owned by the RED team are also usually red and made of wood.
Philipe was recognized worldwide for his talent.
The first conference was held at Yalta, but the allies did not agree on anything very important.
Since the 1700s, there were different types of telegraphs being made, but they were hard to use because they had several wires.
他根據福特的經歷寫了一部小說，名為《逃亡的季節》（Season of Escape），後來詹姆斯憑該作品獲得了弗雷德里克·尼文獎（Frederick Niven Award） 。
Aşağıdaki ülkeler tarafından verilmiş pasaport sahiplerin vizesiz İran'a girmelerine izin verilir.
赵长印（1966年10月 － ），男，
As governor, he became famous because of his response during the Boston Police Strike.
This is the type of injury in which the broken bone has passed through the skin, forming some wounds.
Another man, William Bryan, came with them in his own car.
The album received mostly positive reviews.
Chlorine trifluoride is extremely toxic and dangerous.
Sometimes their heart feels very fast.
Near the end of the ratings war, WCW started to lose money, and the Monday Night Wars ended in March 2001 with WWF buying WCW.
Human rights are rights and freedoms that all people should have.
Some time later, a zookeeper who was helping the studio with handling animals was attacked and eaten alive by lions.
's Hardball with Chris Matthews, Gabbard said she was "seriously considering" running for president in 2020.
Kathy Staff left in dismay at the amount of sex. citation She told ITV Teletext she felt it was no longer the family-friendly show she had originally been part of.
Physicalism does not believe in gods, spirits, or other things that are not made of physical material.
He was the Minister of Public Health from 2006 to 2008 during the Surayud Chulanont cabinet.
She also completed a graduate degree in political science from the University of Sana'a. citation citation She is married to Mohammed al-Nahmi Tom Finn.
However, same-sex marriages performed elsewhere are recognized.
He learned about sale lease back financing at the dealership.
Second, it dissolves hair (which is soluble in any basic solution).
A place where the borders between the normal world and an evil dimension are weak is called a Hellmouth.
Koroner arterlerdeki aterosklerozlar infarkt lara, beyin damarlarındaki aterosklerozlar beyin kanamaları na neden olur.
The Afghan Youth Sports Exchange has grown from the first 8 young women to hundreds playing through the Afghanistan Football Federation.
Before the band announced the actual reason, there were many rumours about Daron's health, but these were not true.
UEFA also announced a team of the tournament based on the FedEx Performance Zone player rankings.
，對先帝都不滿、不服了，怎麼可能要他們侍奉少主？
'in üvey kız kardeşi idi.
此外還有可用的轉換套件，藉由更換槍管、槍機、下機匣組件和彈匣，將5.
At the 2006 census, Albert had a population of 96.
" When his father saw him coming, he ran along the road to put his arms around his son.
區長Baba Abba Hassan則稱，有100人是在1月3日被殺，但之後他又補充說，
Players wear special shoes for curling.
The three musicians joined to make the new band.
Hugh Conway is a member of the British diplomatic service.
These were the six courts or departments of state, each fully organised with its own specialised officials, with seals and habitat, and responsible for a particular kind of revenue.
J.M. Waterhouse: the modern Pre-Raphaelite Gallery Guide.
不過在一隻被打倒後，就讓剩下的史萊姆逃走。
Arch Cape Press, NY 1988 p271 Prairie dogs employ a complex form of communication that involves barks and rhythmic chirps.
In the southwestern highlands, open forests of pines are found at the higher elevations, while the rain-drenched seaward slopes are blanketed with virgin rainforests growing to heights of 150 feet (45 metres) or more.
Embalming fluids that were used in the early 20th century.
'tan çıkan albüm listelerde 43. sıraya kadar yükseldi.
Ricardo promoted the idea of extreme industry specialization by nations, to the point of dismantling internationally competitive and otherwise profitable industries.
Despite having so many consonant letters, the number of consonant sounds is actually far fewer, with 21 consonant sounds.
电影在世界各国上映首周的票房总和达到3.5亿美元，超过《加勒比海盗3：世界的尽头》创下的本系列3.44亿美元的纪录，并且可以在历史上所有电影的同一项目成绩中排到第20位 citation 。
They had lost a large part of their trains, buildings and equipment.
When the governor Edward Douglas Maclagan arrived the theatre.
Peter, remembering the symbiote's weakness, assembles a perimeter of metal pipes to create a sonic attack, weakening it and allowing Peter to separate Brock from the symbiote.
This is not 'inciting subversion of state power'.
Similarly, was there a way to square the circle (find a square with area equal to π, or a square with side length equal to ), or double the cube(find a cube with twice the volume of another, by constructing a side of the cube with length )?
The men decline the offer.
The population was almost 36,250 in January 2014.
Sometimes it has links to pages that are part of other "sites" as well.
Teletoon is a Canadian-English television channel.
Topography means the description of shape.
He was first married to Barbara Angel and they divorced in 1980.
In addition, it became rapidly popular among the whole country because Ehomaki was advertised considerably in stores.
；此外他們也具有主管人事和財政事務的權利。
“蒸汽屋”是机械师邦克斯打造的一款机械大象，以蒸汽驱动，后面拖着两节火车车厢。
The endothelium plays an important part in controlling the flow of blood around the body.
Rupça isminin anlamı; Rupça sözü, Arapça Rup ve isimden isim yapan -ça ekinden oluşmuştur.
He says it is absolutely needed to solve Earth's energy shortage.
Cedars Sinai Medical Center (19 January 2021).
The two positions your finger was at can be used to find the distance from the object.
Otherwise the bark is impermeable to gases.
Polish and Russian separated so long ago!
；“小镇对话”、“青年竞演”、“国际特邀”、“古镇嘉年华”四个单元。
Komatsu was known for his roles in Kaiju funsen–Daigoro tai Goriasu (1972), Pink Lady no Katsudō Daishashin (1978), Station (1981), Izakaya Chōji (1983), University of Laughs (2004) and Journey to the Shore (2015).
It can be used as poison as well.
We can see that lines a and b are parallel because the angles between the lines and an intersecting line are the same.
在红十字运动的反对下，才转用其他衍生的标志。
Glaucoma is the second most common cause of blindness in the world.
In the season 2008/09 the club played in the Bundesliga for the first time since 41 years.
After the fall of Saipan, the Japanese commanders knew that the Allies would try to capture the Philippines next.
所以，當地有很多老一輩的人會把蜜桃紅（Mateus Rose）音譯為「碼頭老鼠」。
維爾帕瑞索至Huaso河流域，為溫帶淡水魚，棲息在底層水域，生活習性不明。
Other forces fought against both these groups or sometimes helped one against the other.
Prokopius'a göre şöhreti öyle yüksekti ki hem Bizans hem de barbar askerler bayrağına akın ettiler.
Legacy的範圍與Vintage相同，但禁牌較多而且沒有限用一張牌表。
It is the easternomost atoll of Kiribati.
In 1984, the club was promoted to Division 1. He retired in 1986.
A connection with the Iberian language has given some hope, but it is unclear whether similarities are caused by genetic relations or mere vicinity.
Mary was the wife of one of the first businessmen of Darlington.
The capital is Ghardaïa.
In 1598, a succession dispute between the daughters of Ferdinando Stanley, 5th Earl of Derby and Stanley's brother, William Stanley was heard.
They began in 1970.
In addition, Zerihoun served as the acting Deputy to the Special advisor of the Secretary-General on Cyprus.
The names of the "
This was a common failing of all armies of the time.
留兵戍要害，增置墩堡，乃班師。
There is no reason it has to be a knight, nor does it have to be protected by a pawn.
Her third foster home is with a woman named Claire Richards.
The island is used by the Singaporean military and is not open to the general public.
The Bishop's Mausoleum is in Mount Carmel Cemetery.
She asked to be taught by Hiroko but became Kōsei's student.
没有已知的人士宣称对巴斯克维尔和海德利受的攻击负责，袭击遭到了来自动物权利运动内部和ALF行动者的谴责。
The Film City was a major project of Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J. Jayalalitha.
He had the idea for the story after a group of bad young men raped and beat his wife for no reason.
'ın konuk olduğu Sözünü Sakınmadan konuşmalarını da düzenlemiştir.
Alcohol has been brewed on the domestic level.
Her first collection of poems Pratham Pratyay was published in 1959.
Other sources of Akbar's reign include the wod Sirhindi.
To keep her children active, she enrolled them in competitive team swimming, where they became eligible to attend the AAU Junior Olympic Games.
女孩子有布偶可玩，同時亦是教育工具，因為它採用典型的部落服裝和設計，以及教育年幼女子照顧嬰兒。
The Judge found the State's case lacked credibility and said, "It just doesn't make any sense quite frankly."
She bestowed the Hokage title to Kakashi.
Infant attachment is a special bond first developed in infancy.
Some Justices said that Georgia's use of the death penalty was arbitrary.
He later formed the band Red Phoenix in May 2005.
The album was released on October 29, 2002.
Marazion is a tourist resort with an active community of artists who produce and sell paintings and pottery in the town's many art galleries.
Most markets are not so tied to the politics of volatile regions - even natural gas tends to be more stable, as it is not traded across oceans by tanker as extensively.
是道士嘉挧的居所同時也是大連者們的集合場所。
》中场秀阶段，周深现场演唱了《
It is also possible to use striping or to put partitions together and combine them while they are being used.
Visual discoveries are often called sightings.
Kanal, Ukrayna TV endüstrisinde geleneksel bir kalite işareti haline gelmiştir.
The woman and her husband found the child when they tried to open the peach to eat it.
It was then that games with secular and materialistic themes such as Milton Bradley's The Checkered Game of Life rose in demand.
對重點觀察對象的監察委員日影也是愈加盯緊。
康熙五十三年，福建鄉試中舉 citation 。
密西西比州海岸沿线的风暴潮估计为0.91到1.07米。
Italia Almirante Manzini (3 Haziran 1890 - 15 Eylül 1941) sessiz film döneminin İtalyan oyuncusu olmuştur.
Descriptions of his work leave no doubt that he had discovered for himself what we now call 'hypnotism'.
Animasyon oluştururken fizik efektlerini bu modül ile ekleyebilirsiniz.
The Spy Who Loved Me and Moonraker.
His final race was in 1997.
雖然廣播劇CD《超級機器人大戰α ORIGINAL SCORE I》中有描寫其前日談，但故事上有部分出入，而在DC版的追加路線中，愁則表示在這時（DC版α）已經開如步進與不同的歷史。
Birth, death, baptism and marriage ceremonies are held in the temple.
The articles of the Greek version are being gradually made digital now; the digital books can be found on "vivlio2ebook" blog, which is dedicated on digital various books in Greek language.
A very young kitten.
前言的部分，是安東·拉維自述出書的原因:「在星期六晚上，我會看到男人們追逐那些穿著暴露，在嘉年華會上跳舞的女孩，而到了星期天早上，當我在嘉年華盡頭的區域為帳篷布道會演奏風琴的時候，我會看見同樣的男人和他們的妻子、孩子坐在一起，尋求上帝的原諒，並洗清他們肉體的欲望。
Aynı kompleksiteye sahip türlerden bazılarının genomlarının diğerlerinden daha fazla miktarda kodlamayan diziler içerdiği halen bilinmemektedir.
Ghost and Fang escaped, but Fang was seriously wounded and died before the pair made it out of Pripyat, with Ghost moving on to find "safer" work in the outer regions of the Zone.
When Aeschylus first began writing, the theatre was new.
Country started it in 1763.
Whips are a party's "enforcers", who talk to each member of the party to make sure that they vote according to the official party policy.
'nde bir general ve eski bir diplomattı (d.
Because the movie was so popular, the television series continued.
He has also started a rap career in 2001 releasing his first album entitled Round One: The Album and his debut single You all Must've Forgot.
Yale's John W. Hall Lecture Series in Japanese Studies was established in his memory.
Sometimes, near the end of the series the celebrities decide who participates in the trail.
Sabit Fikir, 2009 yılında yalnızca internette, 2011 yılında ise basılı olarak yayımlanmaya başlanan güncel edebiyat dergisidir.
Smith's numbers in 2015 went up as his ERA and WHIP from the previous season.
Though normally restricted in range, it is common enough to be thought a Species of Least Concern by the IUCN.
Blogcritics features hundreds of original articles every week, and keeps an archive of all their published content.
Further down the Avenue of the Dead is the area known as the Citadel, containing the ruined Temple of the Feathered Serpent.
Some scientists put this group into a separate subfamily called "Gypaetinae", which means "eagle-vultures".
This is a common Dutch name.
他總共在太空逾677小時 citation 。
The England Cricket Board is starting a 100-ball competition named The Hundred in 2021.
Cenazenin sağlıkla nakli için, iç organları otağının bulduğu yerde Kosova'da defnedilmiştir.
格烈准將在3月末才開始了認真的操練，練馬師Dick Hern在這課操練後說，馬身在過去的冬天沒有明顯的成長，仍然是比水車礁石高出兩掌，在操練中表現可人，馬性更見文靜。
The next step is market evaluation.
There are 4 seasons.
这些缺点都限制了今天终端和终端模拟器的使用。
You are only allowed to assign values to the variable that are valid for the data type.
In addition, the reasons he mentioned this name are unknown.
This pushes the rocket forward.
It is very easy to break and it can be scratched by a copper penny.
The Mort stretches between Eraclea Mare and the mouth of the Piave river and it is a sea-lagoon, being supplied with water only by the flood-tides.
She is the best friend of Nobita and his future's wife.
He held the position from September 18, 2013 until his death on September 6, 2014.
From the units, we can see that thermal conductivity is a measure of how much power moves through a distance due to a temperature difference.
Seçkin bir ailenin üyesiydi.
One of the most renown and important branches of the Regia Aeronautica was the "torpedo bomber" group.
Between the 7th and 4th centuries BC Yue/Việt referred to the State of Yue in the lower Yangtze basin and its people.
The bridge was originally called the Great Zambesi or Zambezi bridge, later becoming known as the Victoria Falls Bridge.
Çalışma ve faaliyetlerini 2011 yılı Ekim ayında görevinden istifa ederek kurduğu Aile Danışma Merkezinde sürdürdü.
The dance is famous for “Rabbit Dance”.
The Zeppelin gained lots of publicity and became very famous.
Yuba County was founded in 1850.
Producers Bill Drake and Gene Chenault called this a "
Beaked theropod has most teeth of any theropod - 1994.
The city name means Karl's Crown in honour of King Karl XI of Sweden.
Cradle of Filth had many different members.
There are some top places explained here for getting the best places.
However, the difference between the Rockies’ and Yankees’ field widths (492.9 ft and 446.9 ft, respectively) is very significant."
He probably used the story of Bienvenu de Miollis to base the Bishop of Digne on.
Hindu ceremonies, shadow puppet shows, and traditional dance are also very popular.
Tallahassee was created as the capital of Florida during the territory's second legislative session.
）1999年2月號至2001年11月號進行連載。
在2005年（平成17年）1月7戰全勝，3月升為幕下上位。
He signed into law the creation of the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board.
In effect it meant he was given regal power over part of the kingdom or limited joint authority over the entire kingdom.
比為巡撫，清靜不自表暴，吏民亦安之。
”’un yapılmasına karar verildi.
She had to leave the convent and was married to Matthew of Alsace.
Bf 109 was used by Luftwaffe together with FW 190. The Messerschmitt had two machine guns and one cannon while FW 190 had two machine guns and four cannons.
In 1919 he passed his B.A. with English, Persian and History.
RBI also exercises a system of capital controls in addition to the intervention (through active trading) in the currency markets.
Yunanistan'ın en sevilen şarkıcılarından biridir ve 1970'lerden beri ticari açıdan başarılı çalışmalar yapmıştır.
The lower court is required to determine the location of the border and the border crossing, but has not done this yet. citation main self-published source Since that time, visitors have come the area in boats, but have not permanently settled the area.
It is set to be the best-selling album released in 2017. citation It also sold 700,000 copies in its first day.
He was drafted by the Boston Bruins with the 45th overall pick in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Çünkü dindar Museviler cumartesi günleri ateş yakmazlar, sigara içmezler.
The land that appears at low tide is called mudflat in English (and Watt in German).
The name Peter means a "rock".
The result was an unstable and dangerous environment for American citizens, business and interests.
For example, "Muhammad (Peace and Blessings be upon him)".
He charges people large amounts of money to speak to their dead relatives.
Later, gradually, type designs were based on the special needs of books, pamphlets, newspapers and advertisements.
He played it at the Proms.
，也是本屬唯一已有確實海中觀測研究資料者。
Chicu resigned as Prime Minister in 23 December 2020 because of the protests in Moldova demanding early parliamentary elections.
For example, one episode has the government of Pawnee shut down.
This technology is allowing for thought-controlled prosthetics to be developed.
The United States has only two major political parties: the Democrats and the Republicans.
The Japanese Tsuchinoko is a similar legendary animal.
如果該節新聞之後是播出《財經報道》、《財經多國度》、《
However, the tundra does not have enough food for millions of lemmings.
The spiritual leadership is not understood in the same sense as among the Eastern Orthodox Churches to the Church of Constantinople.
利雪境内有多处法国国家文物保护单位，其中main、main、main、main、main等为当地的代表性建筑物 。
The band was called "The Lotus Eaters".
現期期刊置於館內期刊架，中、日、韓、西文期刊按刊名筆劃順序排列。
The bushrangers then waited for Kennedy and Scanlan to return.
The International date line runs right between the islands.
延祐廷试进士，唱名第一，令嗣齐王爵。
She has a disability where she cannot use her legs and can only use some of her arms and hands, and is an S4 type swimmer.
Over the years there have been many disk interface types, though all used the same rotating platter recording technology.
After the Civil War, the slaves were set free.
The volume of a mountain is much larger than the volume of a rock, for instance.
If you play Pac-Man, you'll notice the ghosts turn blue when you eat it.
He was also an avid art collector and publisher.
Artist concept of Gravity Probe B orbiting the Earth to measure space-time, a four-dimensional description of the universe including height, width, length, and time.
联军将领们见洛阳有烟，进军，只看到被烧成废墟的洛阳。
It was opened on 19 December 1970.
The first line was opened in 1950.
This theory states that as the size of the group increases, the task of scanning the environment for predators can be spread out over many individuals.
Marinette calls upon even more allies to become Miraculous heroes while her nemesis, Lila, allies herself with Gabriel, unaware of his identity as Hawk Moth.
The band has seen many changes to personnel.
It is also called Buryuju(floating alcohol).
However he was diagnosed as "Idiopathic Osteonecrosis of Femoral Head" (ja) in 2004.
Baldwin County is the 12th largest county east of the Mississippi River.
It was then published under the name of Edward Wilson.
His post-race comments suggested he had been forced into a supporting role.
The Supreme Court started to set some limits on juvenile executions in the late 1980s.
In contrast, there has been a decline of 6.1% in newborn circumcisions.
The world has turned upside down, did you get that?
袁行霈《中国文学史》：”顾况，元白得其俗，韩孟得其奇。“
Beetween 1988 and 2008 there was an annual track and field athletics meeting.
These were considered much more necessary for women.
As the village celebrates the defeat the man from earlier in the film arrives in the village.
In 1988, Brenda K. Starr, a Columbia artist, handed Mottola a demo tape from one of her backup singers.
Her dad left her, her twin sister (Ursula), and her stepmother who would later commit suicide.
A Short History of the Catholic Church.
Her brothers included Cesare Borgia, Giovanni Borgia, and Gioffre Borgia.
For this reason, it was not necessary to use experimental tests to introduce chimps to handle matter.
─由中國上海蠻啾與廈門勇仕製作，
》報道，中標設計公司「MAA馬若龍建築師事務所」
The first success was being second in the league in the 1971-72 season.
Each succeeding ionization energy is larger than the preceding energy.
It is often known as the earliest homosexual relationship couple.
In 1970, there was an argument related to the building.
Two special types have been suggested: carbenium ions are trivalent and carbonium ions are pentavalent or hexavalent.
Juan Manuel Pérez-Giménez (March 28, 1941 – December 10, 2020) was an American lawyer and politician.
Lewis writes, in the Preface, that he did not perceive Hell and the "Lowerarchy" as an exact antithesis to God, who is Good for His own sake, but rather to a "thoroughly nasty business concern" in which each individual is out for his own ends.
His tail is retracted and now used to create Cell Jr's.
In 1996, she released a rock album called Sokak Kızı.
Then he was married to Christine Kent from 1993 until his death in 2013.
If it does not match the transmitted remainder, an error is detected.
达美航空飞行员否认发生了任何驾驶舱入侵事件，并表示机上的所有人都没事。
Both castles are recognized all over the world.
Columbia University Press, New York, 1989.
The bacteria enter the mouth of a young tube worm, but when the worm gets older its mouth and gut seal up, trapping the bacteria forever.
At the end of 2012, Page, Cook, and Fatt retired, and were replaced by Gillespie, Pryce, and Watkins.
您也可以將內容寫進維基教科書。
The youth that demonstrate during this summit used "Absurd Propaganda", "culture jamming" and other artistic techniques to "reclaim the streets".
In Encyclopedia Britannica Online.
The land was so badly damaged that it was hard to live there.
“Monkey selfie” sets off bizarre copyright dispute.
此地碑文谷八幡宮內稻荷社保存了以梵字刻成的「碑文石」，因此稱作「碑文石」之谷（里）。
In the late 1940s, Crabbe left movies to put together his own water show.
Isis tapınağında Amneris ile Radames'in nikâhlarından bir gün önce dualar edilmektedir.
Most of the area was first made between the mid 17th century and the mid 18th century.
Endo was selected "Japanese Footballer of the Year".
They have a bigger and important role in the continuing between the aswangs and the humans.
They were stuck to the western edge of North America, producing a series of deep basins and high mountain ranges.
Under Frizzell, the club won 200 of their 544 competitive games and were promoted to higher levels twice.
When he returned to Brno he became engaged to his piano pupil Zdenka Schulzová who was only 14. She was still under 16 when they married.
Lauren Keyana "Keke" Palmer (born August 26, 1993) is an American actress, singer, and television personality.
Pseudosiblings are often not related by blood (consanguinity) and are typically very close friends.
At the time, Saddam's regime was not disliked by most of the world.
In peak hours trains run every 90 seconds, in the rest of the day every 3–4 minutes and in the evening every 6–10 minutes.
Most of the fires started and spread on a day of some of the worst bushfire weather ever recorded.
These women wear Tabi socks and zori sandals.
This will improve productivity.
A semi-circle about 15 meters from the goal is known as the shooting circle.
检察方律师表示已经与辩方律师团队达成协议，将此案延期至2019年5月8日再审理 citation 。5月8日，孟晚舟出席行政聆讯，法院决定孟晚舟将在9月23日到10月4日之间在不列颠哥伦比亚省最高法院进行证据披露申请聆讯，同时批准孟晚舟搬迁至位于桑那斯的别墅 citation 。
They tell him about the curse on the ring but Siegfried does not believe them.
在江南西和曉港之間預留拆解條件，方便在合適時機進行拆解，成為兩條獨立路線進行營運。
The single was released in 29 October 1984.
It plugs into the bottom of the Cybiko Classic.
It has two runways.
Alicia was Duchess of Calabria through her marriage to Infante Alfonso, Duke of Calabria (1901–1964).
James Calvin Cunningham III (born August 6, 1973) is an American politician, lawyer, and veteran.
Mahfouz was very satisfied by this and saw it as another proof that the Israeli-Egyptian peace treaty of 1979 should be supported.
The Douala Edéa Wildlife Reserve is in the region.
Suicide rates vary a great deal across the world.
In 2001 there were 283 people living in Bampton.
The Paramathma is the one who is in everything and an ananta(eternal or Infinite).
His mother, Winifred Wagner (born Williams-Klindworth), was English.
In 65 BC, their kingdom was attacked by Rome and the dynasty was forced to sign a peace treaty.
Some are assessment tools that help a student see where they need help most.
Over 200 people were injured.
TAM Airlines began in 1961, with the name Taxi Aereo Marília (Marília Air Taxi).
提款密码只有一个代号为“财神”的囚犯知道，“财神”因此成为中日相争的对象，
There are about 40 species, most of them called 'plover' or 'dotterel'.
She was member of the Spokane Tribe.
在女修道院的歲月結束後，克蕾開始投入當時的自由思想運動（這個運動最初是以反天主教和反教會為主），同時她也投稿了大量文章給自由思想運動的報刊。
Grubun baş solisti Brayn abrams Cinderella Man adı altında çıkması yılan hikâyesine dönen bir solo album yayınlayacaktır.
，直径18.83公里 citation ，深度约1.74公里 。
Bearings can be measured different ways.
Bu gemiler Tariq sınıfı (veya Tarık) olarak da bilinir.
Seismic waves can be detected and recorded by seismographs.
During the second round of pit stops, Räikkönen the lead from Massa. citation Räikkönen won the race to become the 2007 Formula One World Champion.
Barda konuşulanlara kulak misafiri olan, tekdüze hayatından sıkılmış bir buzdolabı satıcısı olan Herman Watzinger (Anders Baasmo Christiansen) Heyerdahl'ın arkasından koşarak büyük bir hevesle onun ilk tayfası olmaya gönüllü olur.
Four Soviet armies attacked the remaining northern group.
二人總共戰了五天五夜，期間互生崇敬之情，惺惺相惜；最後為分勝負，
In 1618, he was given responsibility for "collecting the forfeitures on the laws concerning sewers, for twenty-one years".
; one of the country's finest mosques lies in the city.
See value of Earth article for that and other examples of this extreme case of ecosystem valuation - biosphere valuation.
The Great Hammerhead Shark has been confirmed to be responsible for one provoked attack.
Bu derslerde kullanılan müzik örnekleri popüler müzikleri içermektedir.
One holds the center while the other two attack the right and left flanks.
，4人分別送往山頂及鏡湖醫院搶救，
This limits the operating hours of the airport.
In 2010, the county had 14,786 people living there.
史蒂芬·克拉布宣布競逐 citation ，在第一輪投票中排名尾二，
Sometimes the trials are cruel, dangerous or humiliating.
Jewish Learning Institute.
New England Journal of Medicine 344 (21): 1594–1602.
They lay their eggs in pools of water.
This season was tied for the season with the second highest number of cyclones.
自此，金門全島才解除限電開始全天候供電 。
The most important rivers flowing in from its Siberian side are the Amguyema, Ioniveyem, and the Chegitun.
He was married to Vanda Dupre from 1958 until his death in 2006.
They can decide to let someone go free if they think is it safe to do so.
İki maç üzerinden oynanan finali toplamda 7-1 kazanan Frankfurt kupadaki ikinci şampiyonluğunu kazanmıştır.
Sports are very popular among the TUD students.
BGA is sending players to international tournaments such as the World Amateur Go Championship and the European Go Championship.
This is usually less than one year.
'ı Müslümanlardan korur ve buralara kendi halkıyla yerleşip hükmeder.
It was the age when Hesiod himself lived.
然而，随着血管直径的进一步减小，红细胞必须挤过血管并且通常只能通过单个。
，海拔高度1,963米，每年平均降雨量1,578毫米。
It is also estimated that there are about 320 million individual American robins.
Vaughan Williams and Butterworth became close friends.
眼球运动检查和复象检查可以确诊哪条或哪些眼外肌麻痺。
Note: movie years before or after the twenty-first century are in italics.
He reaches out for her but catches a frog instead.
The next years they had this horse-race and the feast again, because the people had liked it so much.
He is nearly convert tall.
An object that is individual is for only one person or thing (not shared by a group).
In December 2011, Kim died.
Acids can be dangerous: The holes in the paper were made by a solution with 98% sulfuric acid.
The Rani escaped to Kalpi and jointly with the Maratha general Tantya Tope then seized Gwalior.
He is known as the "father of modern karate".
》中郭采潔飾演流氓的女兒，在戲中突破形象大罵髒話，本片也讓郭采潔繼《
Raho was known for his roles in The Bird with the Crystal Plumage, The Last Man on Earth, and Superfantagenio.
They made and threw rice dumplings into the river.
直接方法依靠直接看见或听见动物，而间接方法依靠表明动物存在的“迹象”。
Kurukshetra has great importance as a Hindu pilgrimage.
Both weapons were recommended to be brought into service immediately.
The scene now changes to The Boar Inn.
İkinci kez yakalananlar antibiyotiklerle tedavi edilebilirler.
At the end of 1896, he formed a new company, Star Film.
总面积36平方公里，总人口148人（2001年），人口密度4人/平方公里。
A handful of new servers are set up every year by hobbyists - over 50 have been set up and added to Floodgap's list since 1999.
Filmmaker Knut Erik Jensen made three short films about Svalbard: Svalbard in the World (1983), Cold World (1986) and My World (1987).
On the way, Grover is involved in several situations where Pan, god of the Wild, speaks to him.
It was produced by Anthony Rhulen, Chris Bender, J.C. Spink and A.J. Dix and was directed by Eric Bress and J. Mackye Gruber.
Richard William Huckle (14 May 1986 – 13 October 2019) was a convicted British serial sex offender.
The new law forbade the killing or destroying of them, and only fishing was allowed.
由於幾百年來犯下的罪孽，神聖的櫻花王朝終於於第94代帝王時代，拉上了570年歷史的帷幕。
"The First Time".
He learned a lot by studying Schubert’s songs and wrote some very famous Lieder.
He would need to cover seventy kilometres a day to arrive on time.
The code of honour is a modern version of the code of ancient Korean units Hwarang.
The two best-performing teams from each group moved on to a "Super 8" format.
It is New York's first State Park.
，此事导致他的海军生涯很快结束。
The triangle with sides of 3, 4, and 5 is a well known example.
“治头风、明耳目、去瘘瘅、治百病”的功效。
All of the highways into Wenchuan, and others across Sichuan province, were damaged.
; also a film and television producer (
Earlier during the day, two attempts were made by Dutch battalions to attack the western side of the German line.
; there she said that she wasn't forced to do anything.
These are Appearance, Pulse, Grimace, Activity, and Respiration.
When in Antigua and Barbuda, use the seven digits alone.
He was also among the early names of heart surgery.
"My Computer" gives us an overview about different types of drives present in the computer.
One acting president, George Bryan, has since been recognized as a governor.
Garfield is a fun loving cat who loves lasagna and is enjoyed by many people around the world.
Pariste siyasal durumun düzelmesi üzerine vadiden ayrılır.
Captain Cook made three voyages to the Pacific Ocean.
Elizabeth sends an inquiry to her aunt because she is surprised.
Sari Karjalainen competed at the 2014 Winter Paralympics.
There is no reason why it should not be used if a person is having an anaphylactic reaction.
How Germany lost the WWI arms race.
Its mission was to study the sun.
As the nation's first hour-long broadcast of nightly news, the PBS NewsHour is known for its in-depth coverage of issues and current events.
In the center of this region is town of Doboj.
Because the Pasig River is rich in water lilies, the government made livelihood programs of making baskets from water lilies and other recycled items.
He works as an expert in Constitutional law at the Max Planck Foundation for International Peace and the Rule of Law citation and is a lecturer on Design thinking at the Hasso Plattner Institute.
Alfa ve beta parçacıklarının yüksek enerjileri sayesinde yüklü parçacığın yolu boyunca ürettikleri birçok iyonlar nedeniyle bir iz meydana gelir.
While monsters do appear throughout the film, they are relegated to antagonistic roles, more akin to their appearances in traditional kaidan.
Louis XVI was put back on the throne and came to take his oath to it.
Chamberlain thought that to be reasonable and that Hitler would be satisfied.
He also became an activist.
Some say that athletes stripped to prove that they were males, or because they could run better in the nude.
Stores in Singapore are operated by Dairy Farm International Holdings, franchised under a licensing agreement with 7-Eleven Incorporated.
People will believe a lie either because they want to believe it's true or because they are afraid it might be true.
，其中许多都曾是共和党人sfn。
Sometimes they are programmed to a particular target.
She was very interested in it and completed 40 stories under the name Alicia Blade.
The best way to remember a XOR operation is: "One or the other, but not both".
Thomas County is very Republican.
The climate of The Bahamas is subtropical to tropical.
，令原本九鐵規劃的K72線沒有開辦。
A design competition in 1927 did not produce a winning entry.
Many people create videos about them.
Or, when they get information that is too complex to process in a short period of time.
It was released on 25 August 2015 in the Spain.
Shima was born on July 12, 1959.
與此同時，另一隊警員小組在消防員和保安人員的協助下，拉起了警戒線防止途人進入。
She left her husband, and their marriage was annulled in 1854.
The breeding season of the black-billed magpie starts in May and it takes until the end of June for all chicks to fledge.
Their job is to "Execute and enforce the Constitution, treaties and conventions, laws and other legal dispositions."
This means they have rules that they have to follow.
Gaborone is on the Notwane River in the southeastern corner of Botswana.
Singh Kullar was born in Sansarpur.
It then proceeds along Nicoll Highway, Stamford Road and Saint Andrew's Road around the Padang, and past the City Hall.
During his career as a strongman, Pudzianowski won five World's Strongest Man titles, the most in history.
He is the first native of both Nashville and Tennessee since Bill Boner in 1991 to be mayor.
Her 2012 album, Halcyon, debuted at number 9 on the US Billboard 200 album chart.
This is why in the origin of the Trojan War, the gods go to Zeus for resolutions of conflict.
They try to kill Percy with explosive fireballs.
They will then call the RNLI if their help is needed.
This was seen as a necessary part of the democratic system created by the Constitution.
所有CIVC订立的制度都需得到原产地名称管理委员会(INAO)的批准。
The Navajo tell stories about the skin-walker in order to teach their children about right and wrong.
All were top grandmasters of the 1920s and 30s.
Keynesçi ekonomi modelinin yıkılması ile 1970'li yıllarda dünyada uygulama alanı bulmuştur.
In 1951, he suggested building a walking trail to connect many of the important historic places in Boston.
左手技巧：“以韵补声”，这也是河南筝派的最大特点，即左手利用按、揉、吟、颤等技法奏出大、小颤音和上、下滑音，使旋律获得装饰效果，以增强音乐的艺术表现力和地方特色。
The soundpost is also held in place by the strings.
On a gigantic bird from the Eocene of New Mexico.
卡拉索遂於1978年11月宣佈哥斯達黎加與尼加拉瓜斷絕外交關係，並請求美洲國家組織制裁尼加拉瓜。
Drivers are not included with the Vision Camera–you must allow Windows to download them automatically when prompted.
The song is still very popular.
They were placed between the southern rows of the monks and the lay brothers’ pews, diagonally across from the pulpit.
Astarte, goddess of war and sexual love, shared so many qualities with her sister, Anath, that they may originally have been seen as a single deity.
Like the single before it (
He gave many of these lands to his followers as rewards for helping him defend Flanders.
Now it's sophomore year, there are parties and driver’s licenses, and the world is theirs for the taking.
She kills Madame Kovarian for taking away Melody.
The judge sided with Peters, but many astronomers and newspapers sided with Borst.
Gaston started as Tropical Depression Seven on August 27. It strengthened into a tropical storm.
It was called the “Great” (
This ice cream group, since 2008, has co-branded certain locations along with other chains in attempts to increase its presence outside the United States.
Carlisle was shot dead, and his neighbour, Mr.O'Birne, was badly wounded.
The bridge columns rest on bedrock which in some places was more than convert below the ground surface.
Using the name "Devilish", the band began playing in talent shows and small concerts.
He was the second child of Thomas Lincoln and Nancy Lincoln.
Eklembacaklı skleritler kolayca ayrışan zarlar tarafından bir arada tutulduğundan, birçok fosil eklembacaklılar sadece izole edilmiş skleritler tarafından bilinir.
It was down to him and one other person.
Because of the small size of the settlement, there are usually no buildings which have a central or admninistratrive function.
Thomas Matussek (d. 18 Eylül 1947, Lauda) Alman büyükelçi.
） （葡萄牙文） （英文） （西班牙文） （法文）
; a striker who is not trying to run can only be run out on a no-ball if the wicketkeeper has another fielder help him.
The Khamis Brigade, run by Gaddafi's son Khamis, rolled in and nearly destroyed the entire city.
It taught pre-seminary and seminary classes.
Often the farm buildings were within these walls as well.
He made his MLB debut in 2014 with the Miami Marlins.
Operations are split between two registered companies, Arriva London North Limited and Arriva London South Limited.
This was Australia's first manned flight.
They soon realized, however, that Parker had the possibility of becoming quite a successful model.
Çünkü bu tüketici lenslerinde görmeye pek alışık olmadığımız ultra-düşük dispersion merceğin özelliğinden dolayıdır.
The shaft and the tip are together called a bit (as with a drill bit).
Boiling water was difficult on the Trail, so cooking was not always possible.
Shifai wrote several collections of his poetry but is best known for being a film lyricist.
He helped to write the Declaration of Independence and the United States Constitution.
Ancak Irak ve Afganistan gibi tecrübeler ABD askerlerini full power silahlar kullanmaya yöneltmiştir.
是流亡莫斯科的原義大利共產黨於1943年重組而成的一個共產主義政黨，1991年改名為左翼民主黨。
The Mecosta County Jail in Big Rapids, Michigan, circa 1906.
Some stayed the same, caring for the upper-class, while others began to change to be better for the new rural population who mostly worked in factories and on construction sites.
A single piece of writing might occupy several scrolls.
African-American music group.
昆恩得知他因未能抓住史塔夫羅斯而被送往殖民地，他的家人被告知他已經死去，且只有被認為「有利用價值不能殺掉，但太危險而無法釋放」才必須待在殖民地上。
Tab is always read as if the player were holding the guitar on their lap, strings facing up.
Denis Leary also had a song called Asshole in 1993.
Cyrus performed the song at the 2009 Teen Choice Awards on an ice cream cart with a pole attached.
追至寶昌州，又擒阿臺答剌花等五人。
Even though Satan did these things to Job, Job did not curse God like Satan wanted Job to do.
That means there are no Martelli's cats alive now.
Orlando'da Amerikan güreşi PPV'leri de yapılmaktadır.
清水溪在中游（桶頭河段）出現攻擊坡。
'ta Fransız Yüksek Komiseri olarak görev aldı (1925-1929).
、长风机械总厂团委副书记、书记。
Everyone is responsible for their own prayers.
Roquefort Papillon is also a well-known brand.
John David "Moon" Martin (October 31, 1950 – May 11, 2020) was an American singer-songwriter and guitarist.
，義弘與家久見敵軍勢大於是退出豐後，途中遭到佐伯惟定與志賀親次的連番追擊付出了犧牲而狼狽撤退。
Malik began dating English singer Perrie Edwards of the band Little Mix in December 2011.
An Iraqi Airways plane in the 1970s paint job.
Systems scaffolding is likely the most used type of scaffolding across the globe and there are hundreds of manufacturers, each having specific efficiencies.
In 1839 he created the School of Pharmacy and in 1876 the School of Mines.
The Olympic Council of Asia included tent pegging as an official sport in 1982, and the International Federation for Equestrian Sports recognised it as an official equestrian discipline in 2004.
Since the 2005 admission exam, UEL adopted an official system of quotas for black students, as well as quotas for applicants originating from public schools, in order to attend to social and minority support policies.
He was thirteen years old when his mother took him to Quantrill after Union soldiers shot her husband and burned her home.
It was dangerous and unreliable.
The advantage is that both wheels have power at all times.
孚、峻俱非史才，其所撰作，不足紀錄。
STEMG is the "Simplified Technical English Maintenance Group".
It struck near Morehead City having winds of 65 miles per hour.
'da askerî bir bölgede yer alan bir müzedir.
红棉吉他厂的前身广东乐器厂创建于1957年。
古龙《多情剑客无情剑》中「天机老人」的兵器，在百晓生的《兵器谱》中排名第一！
他们被指责传播疾病，使墨西哥民族堕落，败坏道德，煽动国内的动乱，以及广泛地侵蚀墨西哥社会与政治的构造。
The grandson of Third Hokage who looks to Naruto as a mentor in this quest to become Hokage, emulating his work ethic, determination, and signature jutsu such as the Rasengan and the Sexy Jutsu among a variety of other techniques.
，史书没有记载此时阎太后是否在世。
The couple was married on 17 December 1743 at Versailles.
Therefore, higher level needs can be met in some cases even if lower levels needs are neglected.
Usually a patient is called "terminally ill" when they are not expected to live more than 6 months.
However, most can be minimized with proper preparation.
Bu nüsha, eldeki yazmalar içerisinde en tutarlısı olarak görülmektedir.
真宗景德三年（1006）正月二十五日卒。
The GRU is Russia's largest foreign intelligence agency.
Kellner’s son, who had emigrated to America, died in 1953.
In 2012 he began studying sociology at the Meiji Gakuin University.
Buna rağmen Teşkilât-ı Mahsusa ile Millî Mücadele arasındaki örgütsel ilişki yeterince incelenmemiştir.
Blaine Cameron Johnson (2 March 1990 – 9 February 2019), known professionally as Cadet, was an English rapper.
He had read the poem about the Ring of the Nibelungs (Wagner had written the words, but had not finished the music).
It was established in 1971. citation Jonas Claesson played for the team.
There are many cases that need special thought related to digital rights, such as the right to have data accessible to a few people (
山恩校长于1945年任内患病离开人世，为了纪念他的贡献，学校后来将一栋教学楼命名为“Shann Building”。
Fossil records suggest there were many blue iguanas before European settlement; but less than 15 of them were left in the wild in 2003, which were predicted to disappear within a few years.
When the fuel in a cylinder is burned, it pushes the piston down and creates power.
甲相同盟，以及沒有向高天神城送出援軍是武田氏滅亡的最大原因，長篠之戰的敗北比起這兩件事件只是小事。
黑臉最持久的影響也許是它在向國際觀眾介紹非裔美國人文化的過程中建立的先例，儘管這是通過歪曲的鏡頭進行的。
Looney Tunes Back in Action 2 waiting for Gets release date October 15, 2021.
But she decided to confront with her father-in-law Heungseon Daewongun, because of the heir problem.
他们家有着浓厚的学术气氛，母亲是一位牙科医生，父亲则是一名服装商人，
One night, Scrooge McDuck and Launchpad go back to Manor McDuck.
British Academy of Film and Television Arts.
他任營長期間，駐防離石縣，曾多次用自己的薪俸資助該縣中學的貧苦學生。
The walls were brick or wood.
The island was discovered on 3 December 1460.
People who use mental arithmetic use shortcuts to make the calculation easier.
No one knows if she knew that she broke the law.
紅磡（紅鸞道）開經：紅鸞道、隧道、紅磡南道、暢運道、都會道、紅磡繞道、梳士巴利道、彌敦道、
Width or breadth is the side-to-side length, measuring across the object at right angles to the height.
But, in a few places it is seen also as an invasive species and should not be returned to the water.
In 1851 two officers of the British Customs department in a place called Tanawal were killed.
The game was released on the North American PlayStation Network on January 10, 2008 and again on the European PlayStation Network on February 2, 2011.
The measurements were used to make a metal bar exactly 443.296 lignes long (the ligne is an old French unit of length equal to one twelfth of a French inch).
But there were no Dolly Varden in the McCloud river.
富蘭克林希望普利斯特里重複做這實驗以檢試這事實是否正確。
Haines had many movie hits.
Usually scientists do not trust a new claim unless other scientists have looked it over first to make sure it sounds like real science.
她也讓吉藏對自己這樣做，但吉藏因不忍心而拒絕之。5月16日，定在做愛時用她的腰帶勒住吉藏的脖子，兩者樂而不疲地這樣做了兩個多小時。
面对这样的情势，有识之士纷纷采取措施来挽救佛教。
Both versions have different events.
Tropical Medicine & International Health.
For at least the last two thousand years, Sun Tzu has had a tremendous influence on military thinking.
因为会计可说是经济核算制中的神经中枢组织，没有会计，经济核算制工作就连一步也推动不了。
They can adjust to other animals within a household very well.
The first NFL team in Houston was the "Oilers".
The contestant's celebrity partner is the one who they got the most words with.
It is used as a de-icer on roads to melt the ice.
而馬英九在2016年飛往太平島時，則是先搭乘總統專機從臺北松山機場飛往屏東機場，之後改搭乘C-
Lola, Looney Tunes Show'da da yer aldı ve burada Kristen Wiig tarafından seslendirildi.
Molly of Denali is an American-Canadian animated television show.
Yayımlanan raporlarda 20 bin kişinin katıldığı 40 konferansın eksiksiz listesi, köylere götürülen sağlık hizmetleri, eğitim faaliyetleri vb. gibi detaylı malumatlar bulunmaktaydı.
He set a trap for the vampires and chased one down.
"When the Lady Smiles", from the album News, was the next international hit in 1984.
The population was 4,575 as of the 2010 census.
The town is the site of the University of New England and the annual La Kermesse Franco-Americaine Festival.
Mufdi Zakariah wrote the lyrics in 1956.
Later that year, Tùng released "Có chắc yêu là đây" and the lead single from his forthcoming extended play Chúng ta, "Chúng ta của hiện tại".
芬蘭內戰加強了芬蘭人對蘇聯的敵意，
The Hometree is bombed and thousands of Na'vi people died.
，河道全長113公里，流域面積983平方公里。
Onları kurtaran isim ise Asuka oldu.
格勒诺布尔有轨电车B线的运营时间为每天4:35至次日凌晨2:05（周日及节假日为5:26至次日1:51），高峰期最低间隔约为3分钟一班，全程运行时间大约为35分钟，商业运行速度约为每小时18公里 citation ，不分大小交路运行。
The feathers on the head, neck and shoulders are dense and silky.
此歌经常在以色列的main现场和电台中播放。
Magazin basınında da çapkınlıkları ile gündeme geldi.
S. Naval Reserve Gets First Look at Newest Class of Aircraft."
Deianeira and Hercules get caught in a trap and taken to the king.
Matt Cord is the PA announcer for 76ers games.
So her name became Meishō.
The Dutch Government put him in prison him from 1947 to 1949.
The release of this radiation allows for data to be collected and information gathered pertaining to the metal of interest.
Sanjana Sanghi (born 2 September 1996) citation is an Indian actress and model.
Villagers speak of the small, hairy Ebu Gogo.
Sometimes a party already has more constituency seats in a land (state) than it should have to keep the percentage of votes and seats equal.
Mohana and Nilay are furious upon knowing this and vow to get Amlaki back.
The Olympic football team has been reformed, again run by the FA, for the 2012 Olympic Games, which are to be hosted in London.
He receives three presents.
One variant is Jackie.
And more of the same.
The two teams have played four time before the most recently was a friendly in 2013, and France won 6-0.
It was the Battle of Fromelles.
The male common blackbird defends its breeding territory, chasing away other males or using a "bow and run" threat display.
The band is part of the Cardiff music scene.
The Biberkopf is sometimes called the most southerly point in Bavaria and Germany.
It was his only full-length album on Beggars Banquet Records label.
Hephaestus gave them to King Aeetes as a gift.
，第7條（護理師或護士名稱之限制）
Each community is self-governing and has one or more settlements.
It is officially classified as a 3rd class airport.
It just found likely settings of the machine.
當時英軍戰術凌亂且常犯錯，因此戰鬥經驗豐富的德軍經常勝多敗少cfn。
Saito went back many times to visit Hachikō.
Suşehri'ndeki tüm kamu binaları ve evlerin birçoğu oturulamaz halde hasar gördü.
An orange circle appears, representing an "O" for Oreo.
The first step in 3D printing something is to make it on a computer.
Like other Japanese RPGs, players use characters travel in destroyed feature world, find items to strong themselves, and battle with enemys to get money.
But some species, such as Phidippus audax (the audacious or brave jumping spider) and Platycryptus undatus, can become calm if the human comes close to them slowly.
However, with growing age, Lady Bird Johnson’s health became weak.
在main中利物浦因為季初表現強差人意，
The first person to reach the summit twice was Czech climber Josef Rakoncaj.
Most of the venues of the 2018 Winter Olympics and Paralympics will be used again.
This is the sound of air trying to pass through the very narrow airway.
、main、main，以及Namoneas群島的main。
Like other history plays written by Shakespeare, Richard III is about people and events from earlier in English history.
The book was written roughly between 760 and 720 BC and is about a man who was told by God to marry a woman who would not live with him as she should have done.
These compression artifacts appear when heavy compression is applied.
Resistance in series circuits is the sum of the resistance.
He plays both the forward and center positions.
Including people holding multiple citizenship, 54.4% of people living in Geneva hold a foreign passport.
In 2012 they qualified for the playoffs.
In 2012, it was still convert away from the oasis it was supposed to reach.
雄蟲體長40~52mm，雌蟲體長約38mm。
That was to influence local cultures and languages to become more like those of Russia.
The Japanese soldiers hid in the tunnel system.
He finished 7 in the up to 81 kg Open group.
JBL won the match when Big Show chokeslammed him through the ring, allowing him to escape underneath.
He also had a supporting role in the TV series Revolution as Dr. Gene Porter.
The message forms the image shown on the right, or its inverse, when translated into graphics characters and spaces.
This river is one of the few places where the Marble trout (Salmo marmoratus) is found.
It is inhabited by Nyishi tribe of Arunachal Pradesh.
CNN Airport's 24-hour schedule is described as roughly 16% news, 19% live sports, 24% lifestyle, 24% travel, and 10% for custom messages from airports if they wish to use the timeslot.
James Douglas came up next to Randolph.
Here the meeting is the releaser, and both partners do the fixed action pattern.
Hundreds of supporters turned out to hear him speak at the hustings across the nation and their enthusiastic reception and support for him was dubbed "Corbynmania" by the press.
It was time to laugh, it was time to get loud.
This story is told alongside two others stories: one about Stanley's great-great-grandfather, and another about the area where the camp is located.
The first season was reviewed very well by critics.
Since they were players, these managers wore the same uniform as the rest of the team.
The Pentateuch is often called the Five Books of Moses or the Torah.
Pedrillo suggests to the Pasha that he should employ Belmonte as builder, but Osmin does not let him come into the palace.
撞击后十分钟，飞越探测器在距离彗核500千米的近距离飞掠并拍摄了弹坑位置、喷出物和彗核。
The building was opened in 1966.
Related Greek terms are krinein (separating out, deciding), krei- (to sieve, discriminate, or distinguish).
About 6.5% of people who do not get treated for syphilis get late neurosyphilis.
She is the eldest child of legendary Bears coach and owner George Halas, who left the team to his daughter upon his death in 1983.
He was a member of the Democratic Revolutionary Party.
）有着深远影响， citation 因为他们形成外壳的能力将会减弱， citation 碳酸盐补偿深度将更接近海面。
Many critics gave the movie negative reviews.
Turn the page'.
Periwinkle is also the favorite color of Perry the Platypus from the children's television series, Phineas and Ferb.
The ship's carpenter smelled smoke in the No. 4 hold around 8 a.m. on April 16 and found that a few bags of fertilizer were on fire.
Housing for about 30,000 people was built in the 1950s to help with overcrowding in Glasgow.
This is one of the first attempts in our country to use popular melodies for writing music for ballet.
'da da forma giyen Toprak, bir maç da Regionalliga'daki SC Freiburg II'da oynadı.
On average a new invasive species enters the Great Lakes every eight months.
其後新港城選區因人口過多劃回新港城第一、二及三期到錦英，錦英選區回復原狀，
'dan sürgün edilen Musevilere sığınma hakkı vermesiyle, Osmanlı topraklarındaki Musevi nüfusu büyük oranda artmıştır.
But neither ship could defeat the other.
" means "swelling" or "fluid").
Joyce Reynolds (born October 7, 1924) citation is a former American actress.
Both games do have a link, but it is not a parent-child link.
」，曾獲台北城市科技大學歌唱賽冠軍。
I'm Not Rappaport is a 1996 American comedy-drama movie directed by and based on the play of the same name by Herb Gardener.
Aztec legend held that they should found their city on the spot where they saw an eagle on a cactus, eating a snake.
This was the start of a very lonely existence at the Spanish court.
Mrs. Nixon also arranged for a series of performances by artists at the White House.
The typical method of travel was by foot.
The higher the demand, the faster the city grows.
Bruce McLaren was the founder of the company McLaren.
The tunnels lost money until they were closed in 1959.
Mühendislik ve Fizik Moskova Enstitüsü'nde 1981 yılında doktorasını aldı.
That year only one in 100 people who took part managed to finish the race.
Irving Wardle called Pinter's early plays "comedies of menace".
White Fawn's Devotion is one of them.
It was adapted for the screen by Riaz Shahid.
Bu oranın 2030 yılında %37'ye çıkması bekleniyor.
Coconut oil is often in food and soaps.
Her holiday album Ashanti's Christmas (2003) reached number 160 on the Billboard 200.
The wreck killed over 1,500 people.
Daha önceki sezonlarda oynanan 3. ve 4. turlar kaldırılarak yerine grup maçları sistemi getirilmiştir.
Bu sistem, Hidroksilamonyum nitrat (ing:HAN)/su/yakıt bileşiminden oluşan on derece yoğun bir tekli-yakıt karışımı üzerine kurulmuştur.
Brathwaite was the 2006 International Winner of the Griffin Poetry Prize, for his poem Born to Slow Horses.
In 2009, the median household income in Pitt County was $36,339, over $7,000 less than the North Carolina number and about 25.5% of Pitt County residents were at or below the poverty level.
These characteristics were operationally recognized for three hours before high shear began to tear the system apart, just short of the six hours required to be officially declared a tropical depression.
The Patna court cited smritis and Puranas, several colonial ethnologists, such as William Crooke and Herbert Hope Risley, and used their qualified endorsements on the dwija origins of Kayasthas.
He died aged 58 having never reconciled with his elder brother.
And it expanded the range of success from 2019 to 2020, so it was featured on a great deal of media.
Magnesium is another chemical element and is very light and strong.
Aontroim which means "lone ridge".
She is a very caring mother towards her son Gopu.
In 2004, Surf Lifesaving Australia gave different hazard ratings to each end of the beach.
Then after a long break he composed for "Thulluvatho Ilamai" in the year 2001. citation citation Within 15 years, Yuvan Shankar Raja has worked on over 100 films.
A Rasamandali, a circular dance area, citation was built outside the temple and people sat around it to watch the Rasalila.
It is used to tone photographs.
He was convicted of the murder of Mary Hammer and was hanged in public April 4, 1868.
She loves Prince Idamante, son of the Cretan King Idomeneo, but does not want to tell him about her love for him.
Warren Berlinger (August 31, 1937 – December 2, 2020) was an American actor.
It shares a water border with New York.
Abağın dışındaki ölçeği dalga boyuna göre oranlanmıştır ve jeneratörden yüke olan uzaklığı belirtir; sıfırdan 0.50 'a göre oranlanmıştır.
，旗下的澎湖營業所也隨之隸屬到台灣電力株式會社旗下 。
Three passengers lost their lives.
Bethesda MD and Cold Spring Harbor NY: The American Society for Cell Biology and Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory Press.
Nancy Cruzan died on December 26, 1990. citation She had been in a persistent vegetative state for eight years.
The surubí and the sábalo are fished on the river.
Stowers also was in an advertisement before the contest.
In 2009, Kennedy made a game called Fallen London.
Most Marmotini are rather short-tailed and large squirrels.
Because of how well the boat-cloak did during his tests, Halkett built a larger version.
In 2010, their sponsorship income amounted to over 12.5 million pounds.
Türkeş, 9 Işık başta olmak üzere siyasi ve tarihi görüşlerini içeren kitaplar yazdı.
，但克罗地亚在前两场比赛都取得平局，布拉泽维奇只能辞职。
Nature article preview.
This may be because customers in stores feel embarrassed to buy them. citation Most bisexual porn is made by small companies rather than the major studios.
A "squeaky clean wedgie" is when the victim's underwear is pulled up at the front then the back creating friction.
Percy finds it very interesting that he's the counselor.
MÖ 1500–1290) olmak üzere büyük Ermenistan bölgesinde gelişti.
，投奔他的麾下，沙巴的势力逐渐扩大並統治伊朗北部厄爾布爾士山脈一帶地區。
She also described the vulnerability of the European immigration system and loopholes in the immigration law.
The road was constructed by filling the ditch.
There is a residential campus further south in the suburb of Fallowfield.
He was best known for painting large landscapes.
Freedom for women has improved.
She was often shown as a cow, when carrying the sun across the sky.
The record for one Pocket Cube solve is 0.49 seconds by Maciej Czapiewski at the Grudziądz Open 2016 (in Poland). citation Martin Vædele Egdal holds the record for the average of 5, which is 1.21 seconds, set at Kjeller Open 2018.
The programme made MTR the world's first railway to undertake the retrofitting of PSDs on a passenger-carrying system already in operation.
Fennec foxes are famous for their large ears which can reach up to 15 cm or longer.
This was because coal plants are more expensive to run, so power companies used them less.
The dissimilarities between the types of solid come from the differences between their bonding.
When she was a girl she wrote stories.
Before that was another book that never came out in print.
Östen Warnerbring, born 22 November 1934, died 18 January 2006, was a Swedish singer, citation musician, composer and lyricist.
Pathanapuram is also the home constituency of actor turned politician K. B. Ganesh Kumar. citation citation He is the current M. L. A. from Pathanapuram.
总面积8平方公里，总人口987人（2001年），人口密度123人/平方公里。
Geoff Tate'in vokal performansı her zamanki gibi üst seviyede olmuştur.
，部分疑母字的确有声母脱落的现象，但同时有大量影母的字被派分了疑母的声母。
They arrived in Indonesia around 2000 BC.
The next emperor was Sundiata's nephew, Gao.
He was the leader of the Democratic Karen Buddhist Army (DKBA), an ethnic insurgent group, until its dissolution in 2010.
另外還在悟道的悉達多額頭上點上「聖印」（
現時香港駕駛執照依車輛類型分為16個類別。
They said the USA had not been following the treaties and this had been causing problems on Lakotah land.
日本電視台曾長期對東京各電視台共用東京塔發射電視信號持消極態度 : 113 。
These island groups all sit on top of the Scotia Ridge.
The choir sings services on most days in term-time, and also performs concerts and makes recordings and broadcasts.
DPS - Stands for Damage Per Second.
與世界上其他由典型的「鋸齒頂」、「大煙囪」
The VAR system has been criticised by many people, mostly because of how much time is used up in reviews, overly relying on it, and causing confusion.
After retiring from NASCAR, Kahne has stayed active as a race team owner and part time driver in the World of Outlaws series with his team Kasey Kahne Racing.
Most of these items have padding on the inside to act as shock-absorbers, and to increase comfort during while being worn.
A fixed number of characters appeared in every episode.
Two well known Marine Corps officers, Hiram I. Bearss and David Dixon Porter.
PROCEED戰鬥服是橘色，其肩胛和手臂上裝有許多雷射光發射埠，亦能強化視力，有助於從事狙擊手的工作。
She was one of the founders of the Green Party in Germany in 1979 – the first Green Party worldwide.
The ACU is concerned with what they define as foundations of conservatism, issues such as personal liberty or freedom, foreign policy, and traditional values.
He may have greeted him with the now-famous line, "Doctor Livingstone, I presume?"
她的家庭来自意大利，已迁入法国。
He plays for Odense.
由于911事件以后实施的安全措施，进入这条街受到限制 Saulny, Susan.
There were 26,271 people living in Wethersfield in 2000.
She played Miss Carol Banning in the movie Painted Desert.
Sineu’s weekly market takes place on Wednesdays.
ABA treatments measure rates of behavior.
"On December 7, historian Allen Weinstein, Archivist of the United States, submitted his resignation to the President, effective December 19, 2008.
If a player has a high talent, he is more likely to train faster than a player with a lower talent.
Kreuzberg got its name is from its highest point, the Kreuzberg (literally, "cross hill").
Many of his fans query about a relationship with former band member Louis Tomlinson, called the relationship Larry Stylinson.
B-side to "Making Your Mind Up"
The tumbrel would be pushed into the ducking pond and the shafts would be released.
在任何一個社會都無法避免管理能源的使用。
The first piece, a lexical analyzer, reads a page of instruction text and splits it into words and sentences.
The red arrows show the German army's movements for the Schlieffen Plan.
So they stayed in League One for the 2009/10 season, they only reached 12th.
Kiliselerden Yunanlara ait olanlar ise, adını bulunduğu yere de vermiş olan, Agioi Theodoroi (tr: Aziz Teodor/Tanrı'nın Hediyesi) ve Panagia (tr: En Kutsal/Hristiyanlara göre Meryem Ana sıfatı) kiliseleridir.
Wilmersdorf was a village near Berlin.
He was sometimes called the "Architect of Annexation".
The school is created for any adult who has not finished high school and want to finish it.
One reason for this is most gravel roads were changed to asphalt roads for Tokyo Olympic.
There is no simple definition of music which covers all cases.
Eldridge began to build another hotel.
Hogan won the match and the championship in 22 seconds after he hit Yokozuna with the leg drop and pinned him.
The Bank was reprivatised in 1937.
時孫位畫水，南本畫火，水火之形，本無定質，惟於二子，冠絕古今。”
Its shell can be up to convert in length.
They are also known as MK Dons.
This means they have learned more about certain types of medical care.
第四代Supra因为其出色的性能和前衛化的造型使其在汽车界有着很高的聲望，更因为它搭载的2JZ系列引擎有龐大的改裝潛力使得该车在大中华地区还有着“牛魔王”的外号，在美国，丰田Supra和讴歌NSX、日产300ZX、马自达RX-7共同被称作“日本跑车五大天王”。
Starting in 1956, John Lennon and several of his friends played in a British band called the Quarrymen.
The Corvette C8 is the eighth generation and is the current model, first produced on February 2020.
He first used it in 1967.
The position has the rank of a Cabinet Minister.
According to the elections results the Latgalian party increased the number of its deputies in the council, however, did not receive the majority.
Mugham, meykhana and Ashiq are some of the many musical traditions of Azerbaijan.
Eig, p. 8. Robinson grew up somewhat poor in a fairly rich community.
He graduated from Moscow Art Theatre in 1954.
及至中大成立後，壓力俱增，錢穆被迫妥協。
This is an observer's appropriate emotional response to another person's emotional state".
The school was then moved to Mill Bay and opened again in 1961.
He did most of the work of creating Gorilla Glass, which is used in cell phones.
It was under the famous Odissi guru, Deba Prasad Das, who was settled in New Delhi, that Ramli Ibrahim started learning Odissi.
In general, she is shown as a very good cook.
電影導演大林宣彥作為贊同者也一併聯名。
水橇運動的陽極和肩膀部安裝的可動翼，水上·水中用傳感器包藏的seirufin成為組套，裝備安裝以外須肩膀部，頭部零件的換裝工作跟為了，到兩肩膀持(有)屏蔽的薩克Phantom的性格相合也好。
Duval, and tries to make Captain Mirvan stop his tricks, but he only becomes angry.
Even though they had a "pirate law", they argued with each other, and members could receive the same punishment as their enemies.
It is a plain area with a few hills.
于是，全村31户贫农和佃户从过去占地260亩增至510亩 。
The Israel Meteorological Service is also a unit in the Israeli Ministry of Transport.
The word "lexicology" is a combination of Greek λεξικόν lexicon, which means "of" or "for words", and Greek -λογία -logia, "the study of".
Although the funds transfer pricing process is primarily applicable to the loans and deposits of the various banking units, this proactive is applied to all assets and liabilities of the business segment.
Holtzbrinck Publishing Group is one of the big five English-language publishing companies in the world.
对此联邦快递回应称由于华为及其相关子公司被列入实体名单，所以限制了联邦快递和华为的业务往来，联邦快递不接受任何华为的上市商品货物。
Kahlo's work is sometimes called "surrealist", and although she organized art shows several times with European surrealists, she herself did not like that label.
Increased temperatures can lead to engine knock because of increased cylinder head temperatures.
It was named after Amos Hodgman, member of the 7th Regiment Kansas Volunteer Cavalry.
This was told after he read the votes and said who won.
She went on to make record-breaking concert appearances.
There are very different species in North America and South America, and fresh-water fish do not come in many types.
，他辞去哈钦森航天部门总经理一职进入政府 citation 。
'Fashions On The Field' is a major focus of the day.
Mendel's experimental results have later been the object of some debate.
、「宜蘭縣後備憲兵協會」會長等。
Scar lies to Simba about a dangerous place called the Elephant Graveyard.
The school library has lots of books on all the subjects studied at the school.
On 22 June 2011, Mushaima was given life imprisonment by a military court for "attempting to overthrow the monarchy".
Even though they ate with their fingers, they had the food cut into tiny pieces before it was served.
's border to the north.
He and other dissidents had said that change should come from groups of people directly, not from the government.
It might seem absurd, but things at negative temperatures are actually hotter than things at positive temperatures (above absolute zero).
He was the first Indian to win an individual silver medal.
After that, in 1957, the name of the school became the Vaganova Ballet Academy by Agrippina Vaganova.
》修改后，实施注册制改革 citation ；
Arthur St. Clair made Trumbull County (named for Connecticut Governor Jonathan Trumbull).
In 1823, the town was upgraded to being a city as the designation of Ouro Preto.
》的特別企畫單元「SKE48 松村香織和谷真理佳的日本列島搭便車之旅」的續集，「電波少年」復活企畫的第二部「松村香織和谷真理佳的SKE48的懸賞生活〜少女偶像僅靠抽獎能生活下去嗎?
母親瑪麗亞·威廉姆森為荷蘭人，在阿森西奧15歲時死於癌症。
Mikey Leung; Belinda Meggitt, Bangladesh (Chalfont St. Peter: Bradt Travel Guides, 2012), p. 190 This is according to a tablet inscription found in Amber Khana, Sylhet.
The song "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang" was nominated for an Academy Award.
Among the imperial troops was Ras Gobena's Shewan Oromo militia.
As of 2016, 422 people lived there.
Each new prefecture had one or more ichinomiya.
However, a 1781 census found that only one fourth of the school-age children attended.
在第一代的福特GT上市10年之後，
Country charts.
The crown frame dates to 1661 but it is possible that it (or parts of it) were constructed from a pre-Restoration crown.
Belle and win her love in return, or he will remain a Beast forever.
The official symbols are codified by statute.
On 26 April 2012 Masur fell off the podium while he was conducting the National Orchestra of France at a concert in Paris.
It is rare in places with lots of snow.
Similarly, the stronger its corresponding acid, the better the leaving group.
Gudiaşvili’nin, Gürcü yaşam tarzının çekicilikleriyle dolu olan ilk çalışmaları, dramatik grotesk tarz ile şiirsel gizemin cazibesini birleştirdi (Canlı Balık, 1920, Gürcistan Sanat Müzesi).
All the other basilicas are called "Minor Basilicas".
True Lies was the first movie made with a budget of over $100 million dollars.
In other countries, the car is sold as HYUNDAI I30CW.
Gorman called two Olympic games for NBC: Tennis at the 1992 Summer Olympics and Handball at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Many Arab Indonesians try to convince local Muslims to follow a more orthodox form of Islam as well.
由于这些僧人主要来自甘丹寺内的夏孜扎仓，因此甘丹寺内的夏孜扎仓此后无法维持，被迫关闭。
）一個富農家庭，後來家道中落，她的父兄欠債、母親患病，
The C4 ZR-1 was a special edition of the C4, which was much faster than the normal C4.
，並出演《Bless the Beasts and Children》。
A bout between Evan Dunham and TJ Grant was first supposed to be contested on the main card but was instead fought on the FX prelims, for unknown reasons.
The Báb was saying that he was the new prophet Mullá Ḥusayn had been looking for.
Bendlin is the head of the International Organization of Migration.
Öğrencilerin birim kütüphanesi yanında Biga İ.İ.B. Fakültesi Kütüphanesi'nden ve Üniversitenin Merkez Kütüphanesinden (
He brought his lover along with him.
Kubica's condition was reported to be serious.
The train's name is a short version of its nickname The Afghan Express.
Pugs are well kept for families with children.
From a maximum of over 8 million in 1841, the total Irish population dropped to just over 4 million in the 1940s.
McDaniel and her husband, Patrick McDaniel, have two children.
Bairros (neighbourhoods) of Curitiba are geographical divisions of the city.
The plant does not need the nutrients in soil for a few days or weeks, because the seed has all the things it needs to grow.
On 15 June 2020, Rashford wrote an open letter calling for the UK government to end child poverty.
The Sistine Chapel is the Pope's own chapel.
Evangelized perhaps by Peter, according to the tradition upon which the Antiochene patriarchate still rests its claim for primacy (cf. Acts xi.
二人不知怎的，竟有點莫名的親切感。
Kingdom (37 B.C.-668 A.D.). Korea had two kinds of clothing tradition.
它座落於洛杉磯市main的東邊，是市區的東部邊緣，故稱之為「東洛杉磯」。
The first part was opened in 1979, with a second part opened in 1986.
举行奠基仪式后，吉蒙德的疾病痊愈了。
The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in March 2019.
可以加装冲锋枪枪口补偿器，消焰器，和消音器。
Great Lake Swimmers has five members in the band; the current band members are Tony Dekker, Erik Arnesen, Greg Millson, Miranda Mulholland and Bret Higgins.
CCGX（キャラクターカードゲーム イクス）
He died at the age of 80.
The sex-ratio of the city is 968 females for every 1,000 males.
通过采用先验算法来从这些销售数据中建立频繁购买商品组合的清单是一个效率适中的方法。
西班牙2010年立法限制到中國器官移植旅遊，禁止本國公民接受非法器官移植，參與、仲介、接受手術者將被刑事追訴 citation 。
She asks her daughter to teach Jake about their culture.
Beatrice Rosen, also credited as Béatrice Rosen and Béatrice Rosenblatt, (born November 29, 1984) is an American-
加沙地帶的基督徒有2500人。
He was replaced by Bruce Ralston as Opposition House Leader following his entry into the 2014 leadership election.
He wrote that states like the Soviet Union and Communist China (before 1980) were "State-Capitalist."
She signs up for an Open University course in English Literature.
He tries difficult passes to create chances of scoring goals.
People still hold runs for him.
John Marsden, Northanhymbre Saga; the History of the Anglo-Saxon Kings of Northumbria (London: Kyle Cathie Limited, 1992), p. 17 The remaining Votadini were not strong enough to withstand attacks by the Picts.
Bu açıdan bakıldığında Maltepe'nin en eski anlamının kaynaklar olduğu düşünülebilir.
Many historians see him as a ruthless dictator, though others praise him as the Father of the Soviet State.
By this film, director Ngô Mạnh Lân was called Sir "Gióng" Lân.
On June 2, 2008, Diddley died from heart failure at the age of 79.
Some Polish urban communes constitute administrative entities called the "urban county" (powiat grodzki), similar in local administration and self-governance to "land counties."
The series has had much success, including 13 seasons.
A doctor ordered that the third hundred was given across the back of his legs.
The National Development and Reform Commission are making new laws to improve building standards for primary and middle schools in rural areas.
The shell is quite flexible, and the chiton can even roll into a ball.
It is easy to see areas where the United States is no longer so dominant.
高高的文武鞋也協助製造昂床七尺的將帥形象。
Endicott sent a letter of thanks to William Bradford.
她相信很多香港人昨天的心情都好沉重，她語帶哽咽的說，「本是同根生，相煎何太急」，反問為何港人會互相對峙，希望大家恢復理性平和，希望各方領袖不要再說互相指責的說話，政府與年青人亦要檢討 citation 。
Bu ifadesi şeklinde gösterilir.
's Eduardo Rivadavia said Shogun was "Trivium's most challenging and ambitious album yet."
But a single squeeze of the shutter would give you only one thing, the bullet's position at time t. To get the momentum we might put a block of paraffin in the bullet's way and measure how the block of paraffin moved when it stopped the bullet.
如果正确，管理员会给出下一条线索。
Square numbers are non-negative.
On 6 June 2009, Sylvia auditioned for the third season of Singapore Idol.
The shield wall finally broke and the Normans were on top of them.
She was on the team that finished number three in the 4 X 100 meter medley 49 points S11 - S13 race.
，並試圖將許多公營機關民營化（
How did they reform?
The depression moved north making landfall in South Carolina and dissipated on July 23rd.
During his last years he lost a lot of money.
Bu maçlardan üçünde (1968, 1983 ve 1990) Barcelona şampiyon olurken, diğer ikisinde (1936 ve 1974) Real Madrid gülen taraftı.
Tokyo Metro Toyosu Station entrance.
They are reacted to make sulfur.
'nde Wellington'a yardım etmek için hızla ilerledi.
Ben, the boy, and Ned, the dog, are sent to help those in need.
He also started the musical accessories company A. D. Grover & Son.
During the initial years, the population was less but, there was more birth rates in 80s and population increased.
The city is home to many industries and factories.
Diabetic retinopathy often has no early warning signs.
However, there may or may not be a grain of truth from which the story originated.
罗德尔球员时期，曾代表英格兰国家B队出场过7次。
He led all pitchers in the Central League for strikeouts in 2002, 2004 and 2006.
Bolivian coriander (Porophyllum ruderale) is an annual plant.
The act said that on 1 October 1920 Greater Berlin should be taken away from the Province of Brandenburg and become a new district.
This means the "Former Palace".
Komünün nüfusu 28 Şubat 2017 tarihi itibarıyla 14,818'dir.
Boone remained a leading figure in Kentucky for the next 24 years.
他似乎把保守的大寺派看成是小乘上座部。
Their descendent, the modern safety-pin, remains in use today.
But, FWD can cause uneven weight, which may cause brakes to fail if used for large periods of time.
Smoking marijuana in public is still illegal, and anyone caught doing so will have to pay a $100 fine.
It is a philosophical movement.
For example "a paisley silk tie"
E. megalocyathus has an average weight of 4 kg and a total length of 1 m. Perez M.C. et al.
This time, though, the man does not die and in the end Tobit and Sarah are happily married.
Played from a third-person perspective, the game play involves slashing, jumping, and kicking through a variety of primitive 3D environments.
There were 22,791 families (63.1% of all households); the average family size was 2.94.
，区内有三分之一基岩、山丘，所谓珠江三角洲只是冲积平原与山岳的组合，实非一个三角洲，由于珠江口海底沉降过快，沉积物不能出露水面。
In most cases their purpose is to provide a general introduction to a topic.
In 2010, TNA IMPACT!, which normally airs on Thursdays, would go head to head with Raw in a three-hour live broadcast.
Later The Pallavas also encouraged the worship of Shiva and Vishnu; and built large temples.
Above the shield is the motto "Dirigo" (I lead), and a North Star.
He is married to Amatus Sami-Karim.
Onionhead is a 1958 American World War II comedy drama movie directed by Norman Taurog and based on the novel of the same name by Weldon Hill.
寮國國內仍然存在對LGBT的歧視。
There was no change to how clarinet players had to move their fingers.
，逢星期一至五早上9時45分至9時55分及星期六早上9時正至9時10分。
The glowing arm tips are clustered together far above the animal's head, diverting attack away from critical areas.
因此，核武器開始小型化，現代單彈頭核武器的當量-重量比開始走下坡路。
From 1947 to 1951 he served as Governor of South Carolina (as a Democrat).
’ın oğlu ya da kardeşi olduğu düşünülmektedir.
Several of the plants that he collected were named after him.
電影最先於4月28日在英國發行 ，5月5日以3D及IMAX 3D版本於美國上映 。
It follows that imperfect information is when elements of the game (materials or rules) are not equally available to all participants.
A field of spring wheat.
The Kunar River (Kunar Rud) is about 480 km long.
They wrote many letters to each other on religious and personal matters.
It was hosted by Johnny Gomez and Nick Diamond.
We see the furthest galaxies as they were at an earlier stage in the universe.
The video has Perry getting her nails painted and doing karaoke with her friends.
It is not always clear which phylum a fossil should be put into.
He was president of the European Collaborative for Science & Technology (ECSITE) between 1993 and 1995 and, in 2010, he was a founding member of the European Museum Academy (EMA).
乔巴瓦曾于2003年 citation 、2007年 citation 、2012年 citation 三度获得格鲁吉亚国际象棋全国冠军。
A positive geoglyph is formed by the arrangement and alignment of materials on the ground, while a negative geoglyph is formed by removing material to expose bare ground.
The contrast of the smoothly rendered nude figure to the intricate surface details of the fruit, draperies, and jewelry, presents a union of Flemish and Italian motifs that characterized French courtly art of the sixteenth century."
Today, people choose to be tattooed for many different reasons.
“How Often does a Monopoly player go to Jail?”
Aberdeen is one of Britain's richest towns because it serves the North Sea oil rigs.
台州博物馆馆舍位于台州市椒江区爱华路168号 citation ，建筑面积1.25万平方米，总展陈面积约6000平方米 ，场馆分为四层。
After the Roman conquest, the city was called Juliomagus.
He broke his left leg in three places and lost the little finger on his left hand.
Sandor Kepiro, Hungarian military officer (b.
Koon 1986 p. 123 The Author's Farce was put on at a small theatre.
Movius then drew a line on a map of India to show where the difference occurred, dividing the tools of Africa, Europe and Western and Southern Asia from those of Eastern and South-eastern Asia.
The players were told that there were two immunity necklaces on the beach: one for the first man and one for the first woman to claim them.
It was able to fire from a belt and a drum magazine.
簡化拼寫後為「Munchausen」，只有一個「h」和沒有變音符，這是探討虛構角色時是用英文的標準和以他命名的醫療情況sfnsfn。
随后杰普森与main签订了独立唱片合约，并通过main发行。
The Japanese Supreme Court sentenced him to death.
He is a member of the Green Party, part of the Union of Greens and Farmers.
In 2018, the company made a rebranding and changed its name to DIGIS.
In 2004 he won the Championship with this side.
Other Christians think that the biblical creation story has fundamental truths and messages, but should not be taken literally.
;85A←→86K/86S、288，次程可獲$4.
Sometimes, a woman's baby may die before or during its birth.
另外，李東陽所寫的《擬古樂府百首》以樂府體詩作史論成一家之言，也從形式上為前後七子擬古詩的創作開了先河。
虽然被得知了货物实体（移植用生物活体）的雾亥扯掉了生命维持装置，看似無法存活了，不过就生电社的劳动者知道雾亥的名字这一点推测，吉雄仍有可能活命。
帽徽为十三号铜制成的直径32毫米凸圆形壮，中心为中华人民共和国国徽图案。
Bedbugs are mainly active at night and can feed without people noticing.
It sold more than 8 million copies in the United States.
All these civilians' remains were burned to ashes."
Tatami has been changing together with people's life style.
Coonoor is also an ideal locale for filmmakers, both from India and abroad.
The movie was Promises!
He started playing in LEB Oro with Clínicas Rincón, the branch of Unicaja.
The game was released on September 14, 2004 in North America and an extended version of the game called Fable: The Lost Chapters, was released for Xbox and Microsoft Windows in September 2005.
The animals were always touring around, living in tiny cages.
The format was introduced in the mid-1980s, but was not sold much in the market until the early 1990s.
He was Chairman of the Accounts Chamber of Russia from 2000 until 2013.
Bu olay üzerine, iki ülke arasındaki gergin olan ilişkiler daha da gerildi.
It was also made into a TV movie in 1988.
Many buses drive through Kauniainen.
The spotted hyena: a study of predation and social behavior.
She was the second woman (after 1994 Democratic nominee Dawn Clark Netsch) and first Republican woman to be nominated for governor of Illinois.
猶太人世界观中，世界由亞、非、歐三洲組成，挪亞三名兒子即為白、黃、黑三色人種祖先。
While they were waiting, Grenville built a fort called Fort Elizabeth.
However, the strike was important because resistance against the Nazi occupation got stronger afterward.
Başvuruyu değerlendiren AET, müzakereler için ortak komisyon kurulması kararını almıştı.
The Israelis tried to capture Suez, but they were defeated.
」當日，李克寧與李存顥俱伏法。
His criticism of Lord Lytton, however, led to his removal from the Secretariat in 1879.
She is the author of the well-known The Isis Papers (1991).
其中，第一次为实验组，第二次为对照组。
He made his first comics for the newspaper La Dernière Heure (The Latest Hour).
He is also the current Cage Rage World middleweight champion.
In addition, Barnes & Noble pays for reprint anthologies and omnibus editions using in-house editors.
Second Life can also be used for foreign language teaching by language educators.
In 1999, Aram Archer graduated from the Krasnodar State Institute of Culture, faculty of social and cultural activities.
The mine was closed in the 1930s, and the post office was closed in 1966.
The company started as a traditional donut shop, selling doughnuts and coffee.
Eyaletteki çimento, bitkisel yağ, kimyasal madde ve ilaç sanayisi önemlidir.
Murthy, founder of nonprofit Doctors for Obama, replaced Boris Lushniak, who had been Acting Surgeon General since 2013.
Bowers was married to Alexondra Lee.
She took acting classes at The Drama School in 1981.
His mother worked in a pub where music was performed live.
In the 1996 census, about 580 people spoke the language.
Her movie appearances include Krull (1983), Dune (1984), The Debt Collector (1999) and The Libertine (2004).
The elbow also allows the arm to turn.
The town of Dassu is the district headquarters.
There are five rival high school in this story.
The track was performed by select members namely Shekinah Arzaga, Frances Pinlac, Cole Somera, Jamie Alberto, Yzabel Divinagracia, Ruth Lingat and Brei Binuya.
Other children, their families, and people who live in the town also carry a floats around the area.
The bombard weighs about convert.
Kanglatongbi is connected by the main highway, national highway 2, also known as Imphal-Dimapur road.
As of 24 March 2014, the South African team has played 498 ODI Matches, winning 307 (61.5%), losing 172 (34.5%), drawing 6 (1.2%) and getting a "No Result" in 13 (2.6%) of its games.
They wrote in the English language.
The M4 is also widely used by police officers.
But after the whole planet has been bought, he is going to pollute it.
If the race had ended this way, Hamilton would have become world champion.
於《巨豪蔑法疏》內，葉主要都是嚴打不法奸商，目的是要維持社會秩序。
Phoebus is a name for "Apollo", and means bright.
She held the positions of Minister of the Environment and Minister of Labour and Social Welfare during the 1990s.
For this reason, it is applicable more often.
Traces of another world found on the Moon.
他依舊繼續他在巴黎第八大學Université Paris - VIII 的通訊課程，同時晚上在瓦勒德瓦茲（le Val d'Oise）附近的蒙莫朗西高中（Lycée de Montmorency）提供一些音樂課給不支薪的高中老師。
The number helps us to know exactly which work is meant, for example Symphony in G minor K183 is not the same piece as Symphony in G minor K550 (K stands for Köchel.
」 蛇類在中國的形象頗為複雜，既具神格，亦具妖格。
People could figure out the wearer’s job, educational background and even whether he or she was married or not.
The mudslide struck a rural neighborhood.
This was known as de-Stalinization.
It would do this by turn sound into electronic current and making it louder and moving it to the ear.
》註疏記載，越國當地人自稱於越，但中原華夏諸國稱其為越 《春秋》定公五年：「於越入吳。
A: We Are DEVO!
Longer focal lengths (300 to 1200 mm) are used in sports and nature photography.
Bu (sorumluluk), iki yoldan birinde, ideal haliyle ise iki yolda da gösterilir.
The game has two stages.
These are alike, except for the color of the seed.
Clay Regazzoni, Swiss racing driver (d.
He was born in Coimbra.
，9月初，金顺部队攻打玛纳斯南城，久攻不克。
Stephen Jay Gould wrote about this strange fact of history in his book Hen's Teeth and Horse's Toes.
It represented France in the Eurovision Song Contest 2018 in Lisbon, Portugal.
Since its inception, there has been twelve generations of Suburbans, the latest introduced in December 2020 and went on sale in May 2020 as a 2021 model.
Some other interesting characters in this story are Mahbub Ali, Colonel Creighton, Lurgan-sahib and Hurree Chandar Mukerjee.
普通車只在平日早上繁忙時段行駛。
Her in-laws are extremely conservative and believes that a woman's only job is to run a household and look after her husband.
Despite this result he could not be first.
In 1960, he managed for Japan national team as Takenokoshi successor again.
Between spring 1942 and November 1944 he was one of the leaders of the subcamp Steyr-Münichholz.
He was an anticommunist sure of his faith, and in his preachings launched criticisms to the system and invited the people to contest the system of government.
Hitler even blamed his defeat partly on Stalingrad.
The George McTurnan Kahin Center is home to SEAP graduate students, visiting fellows and scholars, faculty members, and SEAP's Publication and Outreach offices.
，此外还从国家战争学院和武装部队参谋学院毕业。
原定2012年11月2日上映 citation citation ，後改于2013年6月9日上映，香港和台灣分别于同年6月12日、6月21日上映。
In terms of bent bond theory, this preference is explained by assuming favorable orbital overlap between the filled cyclopropane bent bonds and the empty p-orbital.
Jekyll酒吧老闆兼章世言 (
In 2013, T-ara made a second Japanese studio album.
），幼時和父親蔡霽移居同安（今廈門市）。
He said the animal was rare and uncommon.
Each year over 2000 researchers go to the ALS from universities, industries, and government laboratories around the world.
However, at his job, it is filled with violent and murderous robots.
Radiometric dating and the geological time scale: circular reasoning or reliable tools?
）的张北地方轻便铁路，始建于1960年。
其本人也参演了1998年10月13日的一期main。
There are many wadis.
They released three EPs (1000 hours, 39/Smooth and Slappy) before releasing two LPs, one being a compilation of the EPs (1039 Smoothed Out Slappy Hour) in 1991 and Kerplunk later in the same year.
Karşı cinsten birisine sarıldıkları zaman veya aşırı stres altına girdikleri zaman hayvana dönüşmektedirler.
Retrieved 2008-03-17 from "Access to Insight" at http://www.accesstoinsight.org/tipitaka/sn/sn22/sn22.054.than.html.
The Leader of the Opposition is the name given to the leader of the largest party not in government in a Westminster System of parliamentary government.
This could be evidence of evolution; but intelligent design suggests that every part of an animal is useful and there for a reason, showing how smart the designer was.
While they are arguing, Mary Warren comes in. Proctor is angry with her for leaving the house when he demanded that she did not.
This concept primarily appears in high-level programming languages.
A lot of people thought that Gadaffi didn't do a good job writing the book.
他自認為是站在飲食界前線日以繼夜地烹飪的廚師，因此自矜身份而看不起牧人。
He was a goalscorer in non-league football for Slough Town and Wycombe Wanderers.
Nakamura and Ozawa were the last living Japanese men born in 1894.
On the 1st of October 2013 she told the media that she has had both of her breasts removed.
It became gold in the UK by number of sold copies.
She is a former member of the kids'
"Bayesian phylogenetic analysis of Semitic languages identifies an Early Bronze Age origin of Semitic in the Near East."
Dreams can have a good chance of coming true.
This left the Folketing as the only house of parliament.
Armero was not rebuilt because the old lahar traces were discovered, and the Colombian government declared the site "holy ground" so that no one would ever suffer again like Armero.
Stoker's novel was a work in a long series of works that were inspired by the reports coming from the Balkans.
IPAH is a rare disease with an incidence of about 2-3 per million per year and a prevalence of about 15 per million.
The band's five albums have sold more than 17.5 million in the United States alone and more than 30 million albums worldwide.
Pyro uses his power – he can control fire – and pushes the police away.
B1 race and the Men's 400 m B1 race.
Fotokapanları kurarken göz önüne alınması gereken en önemli noktalardan biri, en iyi sonuçları elde etmek için konumu seçmektir.
The place where this is done, is often called a refinery.
Alain Gowing, who has edited Cassius Dio, argues that the evidence for Cocceianus is insufficient.
She started performing by herself in the early 2010s.
Chatterjee also found that Microraptor had the basic requirements to sustain level powered flight in addition to gliding.
However, no Toronto player has been scoring champion since then.
It peaked at number-one in three countries.
This frog is brown in color with yellow or white stripes.
这个建筑在现在依旧作为一个展览馆在使用，例如墨尔本国际花卉和园艺展，但其主要的用途还是作为墨尔本博物馆观光的一个附属景点。
Edwards, 2009, p. x. Aynı kitapta, birçok MC Eminem’in tarzını çeşitli yönlerden övmüştür.
，要多寬容虎，因為虎對有蹄類動物的影響不如狼，但卻可以有效控制狼的數量。
The cascade-style bonsai look like trees that grow out over water or on the sides of mountains.
The hippocampus as a cognitive map.
Jose C. Vitug (born 15 July 1934) is a Filipino lawyer and jurist.
During Mahendravarman's reign, the Chalukya king Pulakeshin II attacked the Pallava kingdom.
In 2006 "You Spin Me Round (Like a Record)" was released as a single for the fourth time.
Aris won the first Greek championship in 1928.
Emine'nin sevgilisi hapisten çıkar ama Emine ne kadar dua etse de Ali'ye aşık olur ve bir gece birlikte olurlar daha sonra kaçarlarken Emine'nin sevgilisi onları yakalar ama Emine'ye kıyamadığı için onların kaçmasına izin verir.
The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.79.
，教堂屋顶改工修筑，以便架设大炮防御。
The Wetteraukreis is a Kreis (
In fact, the denatured proteins turn out to have higher heat capacities and proper detection of changes on them over time can help to find out the extent of unfolding.
他於1996年至1998年期間擔任福塔萊薩總教區總主教，1998年4月15日改任聖保羅總教區總主教。
ABC Studios is an American television studio.
According to the standard OSI Model there are seven layers.
GameTrailers called him "the most influential game creator in history." citation Miyamoto has greatly influenced various things about video games in general.
If these objects are not restrained, they will continue moving at whatever speed the car is travelling at, even if the car is stopped by a collision.
Yet if all constitutional questions are to be put aside and the problem treated merely in terms of disturbing the peace, I would have difficulty in reversing these judgments.
罗姆语的外来词，可追查到罗姆人向西迁移的模式。
The show went well, and helped Lennon decide to leave the Beatles, which he had thought about doing for some time.
Abbott also played baseball as the second baseman for the provincial champion Rosedales in Manitoba.
Instead, he believed that life consists of separate parallel lines advancing from simple to complex.
They are trained to see the enemy from far away, and to notice small movements that might show that enemies are near.
He and his ships landed in the northern part of Middle-earth, where he founded the realm of Arnor.
The term "Klee Kai" was derived from Alaskan Athabaskan (
，為俄羅斯取得倫敦奧運首面金牌 citation 。
The teams were divided into 4 pots, 8 teams each.
Ishibashi is said to be bold and Sakurai is said to be delicate.
He then deletes all the videos Christine had recorded.
It was created as a Maritime District, an old category given to some regions along the coast, on 12 September 1881.
The workhouse was a place which offered housing and work to people who did not have any.
At Columbia, Rodgers joined the Pi Lambda Phi fraternity.
'ya göç eden işçi sınıfı ve ticaretle uğraşan kesimin takımı olarak nitelendirilir.
Paralympic people only get money for a month.
She rose quickly from minor parts to principal roles.
In the Kansas-Nebraska Act, it said that people living in the territories could vote on whether or not to have slavery.
He was inaugurated three days later on 16 July.
In 1925, 1984 and 1990, Scotland were winners of the Five Nations' Gran Slam, having beaten all four other teams - England, Wales, Ireland and France.
Henry Bessemer's first successful invention (1838) was a method of compressing graphite powder into solid graphite thus allowing the waste from sawing to be reused.
Cobalt catalysis is more sensitive to sulfur than iron.
Multiply the previous answer by 2/3.
On 28 March, the first person died from COVID-19.
我有一大堆令我感到興奮的點子，也有很多東西要嘗試。
Unless he retreated, he might meet the fate of Severus.
對於大多數美國人來說，戰爭末期快速更替，包括火燒首都、新奧爾良戰役和根特條約，似乎顯示美軍在新奧爾良的英勇迫使英國投降。
It was restored in 1989.
The male calls to the females to come and admire his dance.
Her cult seems to have originally centered, like her husband's, at Abydos near the Delta in the North (Lower Egypt).
'a göre art pop, kasten klasik müziğin ve şiirin biçimsel değerlerini amaç edinen fakat bu işleri saygı duyulan kültür varlıklarına yönelik olmaktan ziyade, sıklıkla ticari kaygılarla pazarlayan herhangi bir pop tarzıdır.
She was buried in Kansas.
謂：若意處，隨信、隨法行，苦現觀邊忍所斷；此復云何？
长子赛福丁·加齐袭用阿德貝格称号，以摩苏尔为首府，领有美索不达米亚，次子努尔丁·马哈茂德以阿勒颇为首府，领有叙利亚地区。
There are kitten formulas, cat formulas, health formulas, formulas for reducing a cat's weight, and many others.
ABD'deki öğrenimini 1969 yılında tamamladı.
He was an excellent lawyer and was able to work very sensibly as a court official while, at the same time, spending some time devoted to art.
'ne bağlı bir idari ve yerel yönetim birimiydi.
When asked if the band hated touring, Cornell said, "We really enjoy it to a point and then it gets tedious, because it becomes repetitious.
Usually, this side-reaction may be limited by the volatile solvent vapors displacing air above the reaction mixture.
Paintings are trafficked in N.Y., Chicago, London, and Paris.
ECO可以弥补在调试期间发现的设计错误，或者对设计规范做出更改以补偿其他方面的系统设计。
最令观众意外的是，天王刘德华用朴实、哀而不伤的演技说服观众‘他就是一个内心有伤的失子父亲’，再加上服装、化妆的帮助，华仔呈现了从未有过的土气、窘境、局促和迷茫，帅了几十年的他，这次形象颠覆得让人直想连连鼓掌。”
British street fashion.
Nikahtan bir süre sonra Filip'in rüyasında kendisinin karısının rahmini üzerine aslan resmi oyulmuş bir mühürle koruduğu söylenir.
。 citation 唱片以童話幻滅為主題。
中國逃亡罪人，習其語言，竄身在內，又多創寺請額。
He was known for creating the Habitat stores.
In 2012, 123 people lived there.
He was archbishop of the archdiocese from 1994 until his death in 2020.
Los Angeles Public Library.
The manuscript was discovered in Oxyrhynchus, modern El-Bahnasa, Egypt. The manuscript has been palaeographically dated to the 3rd century CE.
His best known roles were as Sotnikov in the 1977 drama movie The Ascent, as Nikolai in the 1988 crime movie The Cold Summer of 1953 and as Ivan in the 1988 science fiction television movie Heart of a Dog.
Temperature would have been in the range of 12–29°C.
They are one of the largest kinds of monkey.
İlçe içinden ulaşım, karayoluyla gerçekleşmektedir.
They are glued on the end of the natural nail and liquid acrylic is then applied over the entire nail.
A mainframe is more like your internal organs: you never see them, and you barely even think about them, but if they suddenly went missing, you would have some very big problems.
In 1850 he was elected to the United States House of Representatives again but died two weeks into his term on November 19, 1850.
Kathy's son Pat won the right to spend 24 hours at the Soliantu camp.
Griffith: First Artist of the Movies.
In the past, managers were usually players.
。 citation 2011年1月，1546/1547、1548/1545次列车更换25G型空调客车。
In 2009, she received the Knight’s Cross of the Order of Merit medal from the Republic of Poland.
They tried to make an agreement with Gull to pay them 50 pounds a week, but the record label was also not doing well financially and they did not agree.
After dropped out from Shizuoka Gakuen High School, he moved to Brazil in 1982.
The Keoladeo National Park The park also known as Keoladeo Ghana National Park and formerly known as the Bharatpur Bird Sanctuary.
She was a great women who made a big difference in women's suffrage.
This is also a serious threat to the well-being of people that use this service.
These states had almost half the land and a quarter of the people of the British Indian Empire.
It was a sewer of Seoul in the Joseon Dynasty.
The concept of the song was also in the music video.
Human male reproductive anatomy and surroundings.
At the same time, he worked at the National Orchestra of Radio Television Belgrade, which was then led by the famous Vlastimir Pavlović Carevac.
Yazılımın ikinci sürümü 1.0 kullanıcıları tarafından deneyimlenen istikrar ve uyumsuzluk kusurlarının çoğunu düzeltmiştir.
Pierre Paulus Wielaartus van Hooijdonk aynı sezon 24 gol atarken, 10 gol pasına da imzasını koydu ve 5 topu çizgiden çıkardı.
File:Shinzō Abe and Hong Jun-pyo at the Japanese Prime Minister's Office (cropped 2).
梅耶斯的座標為coord ，而該地的平均海拔高度為1986米（即6352英尺）。
Bunu yanında, Antonius'un uzun zamandan beri yardımcılığını yapan Enobarbus, onu terkederek Oktaviyus'un tarafına geçer.
When naming by grouping, each group of the name of the group.
In 1981, the United States Congress made Wallenberg an honorary U.S. citizen.
Benzaiten (弁財天), Goddess of Knowledge, Art and Beauty, especially Music.
For example, if one rolls six dice, the chance of them getting a number more than ten is not obvious, but can be figured out using math and science.
Ended in 1909 when it became part of Bennett and Todd Counties.
They like reptiles and amphibians.
現在大邱市有一座「國債報償運動紀念公園」以紀念此事。
And that word entered here," the pope said, pointing to his heart.
The sniper must think about the direction that the wind is blowing and the strength of the wind.
Big-sized cookie cutters are often 4 inches long.
However, the climate in the Rift valley at the time of our evolution was likely a tropical rainforest.
The walkers are usually very tired and worried that there is not enough time.
He later married Landgravine Caroline of Hesse-Rotenburg and had issue.
Dakelman, p. 103. The mainline turnpike was done in 1956 when the Delaware River bridge was built.
His piano music included Prélude, choral et fugue and the Variations symphoniques.
Desmond Herbert Carrington (23 May 1926 – 1 February 2017) citation was a British actor and broadcaster.
This Svalbard trilogy has been called "an artistic peak" for him. citation The Norwegian film Orion's Belt (1985) (Orions belte was the original title) is set in Svalbard.
National Association of Judiciary Interpreters & Translators Annual Conference, Cambridge, Massachusetts.
People can do many water-sports including dolphin tours in the city's harbour.
死后他弟弟克洛泰爾一世和他的另一个弟弟希爾德貝爾特一世瓜分了他的领土，并杀死了他的三个儿子其中的两个，克罗泰尔还霸占了他的妻子貢迪奧克 。
There was also no ground wire.
In 2012, they released a third album, O' Doubt O' Stars.
On the other hand, using the absolute number of atoms/molecules/ions would also be confusing, as the massive numbers involved would make it all too easy to misplace a value or drop a digit.
Harclerode, p. 47 沿途的橋樑由裝備了機關槍的碉堡防守，埃本-埃馬耳要塞向其提供火砲支援，其火砲覆蓋了3座橋樑。
Nations and States in Southeast Asia.
However, he soon conquered his fear after his conscience got the better of him and he saved a cat that was hanging from a broken tree branch.
Sırtından ameliyat olduğu için iki yarışı kaçırdı.
Kievliler ağır kayıplar yaşadı ve Dmytro bir okla yaralandı.
These were the people that he later wrote about in his own stories.
因此，部分人員在加入親衛隊後便享有相當優渥的特權，其中包括可毫無限制地與德國女性通婚sfn。
Many music critics believe the album was Usher's "greatest works".
但截至2017年1月份，仍未办理相关工商变更登记手续。
This can be done by redirecting the thrust in a turbofan or jet engine or by changing the blade angle of a propeller driven aircraft.
Archie calls Michael the "Meathead" because Michael has different ideas about politics then Archie.
The information was wrong.
The city is located in the region of the Alto Paranaíba, south of the Paranaíba River and west of the Emborcação Reservoir.
They built several NSX race cars.
There are 70 to 80 stores in Vlamertinge.
One of the changes was the business goal of the Postal Service.
Mutoh is also known for competing in what is generally considered to be the bloodiest professional wrestling match of all time against Hiroshi Hase, which lead to the creation of the "Muta Scale".
He directed the dramas George Washington (2000), All the Real Girls (2003), and Snow Angels (2007).
Burdan Havalimanın çevresinde olan köylere, beldelere ve kent merkezine ulaşılabiliniyor.
This is believed to be the most complete collection of a 20th-century custom dressmaking business in existence.
American Museum of Natural History, n.d. Web.
后来，爱贝克思的制片人田中宏幸联络到水岛精二导演，表示将继续Eschachron的企划，计划出品一部朗读剧。
The first show was on 30 March 1730, Easter Monday.
The main single was composed by Yoo Young-jin, who is also the co-author of other singles of the mini album, "What Is Love" and "History"
Gladstone also served as Comptroller of Connecticut from 1967 to 1970.
Chimpanzees can walk on two feet, but they prefer to move about on all four legs.
This is so that people can tell the older thing apart from the newer one.
After weeks of silence, Urey inquired and wrote to the chair of the editorial board on 27 February about this.
He has a brother named Jett and a sister named Nicole.
張丙事件發生於道光十二年（1832年），張丙在店仔口（
The team was part of the NHL from the 1925-26 season until the end of the 1941-42 season.
例如，在如下的应用式语言的运算操作序列：
In 2007 he sold more than seven million recordings in Australia.
Because of this, they are liked by humans.
Her job ended in September 2019.
Pierson, ayrıca Peter'ın yeni komşularının diziye katılmasının diziye yeni bir dinamik katacağını düşündüğünü sözlerine ekledi.
She said she wanted to buy women.
The disk is then turn the number to indicate how much electricity has been used which is recorded by the meter.
，铁道部出资70%，安徽省出资30%。
Their patent rights have been recognized for several centuries with the rise of paper mills.
Banister Fletcher, the well-known architectural historian calls it ".
，每高倍视野中白细胞计数超过10个。
In 2001, there were 350 people living in Little Waldingfield.
Yüzeye bağlı olarak, parçacık çarpma anında parçalanabilir veya yüzeyden çok daha ince tortu çıkarabilir.
下面列出了此书中出现的常用词汇：
，本站由JR東日本接手管理 citation 。
It will have the biggest map ever in a Call of Duty.
On 1 December 2005 the Westfalenstadion was named in Signal Iduna Park.
Bu eğitimi kendisi üzerinde büyük bir etki bıraktı (özellikle öğretmeninin –Virgil Klatt- kişiliği ile).
防护巡洋舰是十九世纪后期出现的一种巡洋舰，它的名字来源于其船体中设有平式或是穹顶式的装甲板以保护机器不被炮弹破片击伤。
At the end of the 2009 season, BMW deceided to leave Formula One.
Overall, the southern position of Victoria means it tends to be a bit cooler and wetter than the other Australian mainland states.
In the Apollo 1 spacecraft, the air was all oxygen, and this made the fire grow very quickly and burn very, very hot.
剧组巧妙平衡了剧中破落与奢华的两个场景部分，
，以防俄国海军的增援部队重返该地区。
Some people call the unproven creatures cryptids.
The capital is Mocoa.
Increasing blood flow will allow more healing factors into the area and encourage drainage, but if the injury is still bleeding this will also allow more blood to seep out of the wound and cause the bruise to become worse.
He believed the majority was replacing peremptory challenges with something very similar to challenge for cause, but was unclear in explaining the standard to be applied.
'nun sonu olarak kabul edilir.
In the 1970s and 80s, the area was called the "Midlands Forest Management Area".
He was also Prime Minister from 5 April 2009 until 3 October 2011.
Individual samples of an element could have a relative atomic mass different to the standard atomic weight for the element.
Before playing in the NHL, Stafford played 3 years of college ice hockey at the University of North Dakota.
Ludwig Geiger, Erlangen Üniversitesi'nde bir öğretim üyesiydi.
Even a policeman changed a story about the Irving Pulling case (Suicides & Harm) because he was scared of TSR suing him.
It responds to light that comes in. Photodiodes have a window or optical fiber connection, which lets light in to the sensitive part of the diode.
Player killing takes place in the Wilderness, a large area north of all major cities.
Solar radiation exerts a pressure on the sail due to reflection and a small fraction that is absorbed.
The van was produced in two versions, the Vanette E and the Vanette Cargo.
Sustainable development has three parts: environmental sustainability, economic sustainability and sociopolitical sustainability.
He is married to Zachary Baron Shemtob.
For this general aspect, see especially Carl A.P. Ruck and Danny Staples, The World of Classical Myth: Gods and Goddesses, Heroines and Heroes University of North Carolina 1994, part III: The Liminal Hero.
波瑞战争中，这座城堡遭到忠于波兰国王的军队的掠夺，被从博古斯瓦夫手中没收。
Consider the number 1101 (10) (base 10).
In the Euro he played in the second match versus Poland (0:1) and the third match versus Germany where he came on in minute 55 for Martin Hiden.
The Friedrich Schiller University of Jena (
This frog has a hard growth on their feet which helps them to dig.
She made $30 million during her last two years in the group.
The preface was written in 1908 and should be read with reservations.
It is the fourth-largest rapid transit system in the United States.
，所以樂隊席不會固定在舞台左邊或舞台右邊：
Bartholomew came from a family of great map-makers.
Many of Horta's buildings were destroyed.
Paul III was found alive in southern Italy shortly after the ransom was paid.
，开发研制了首列ED9T型电力动车组，该列车安装了里加电机制造厂、塔林电气工厂和扎波罗热变压器厂提供的电气设备。
Ravel tried five times to win it.
He was king for 30 years.
This is the third movie version of the novel the first in 1934 and the second in 1957 called The Seventh Sin.
The former Dairy Crest-owned licensed dairy that produced Stilton at Hartington in Derbyshire was acquired by the Long Clawson dairy in 2008 and closed in 2009, with production transferred to Leicestershire.
司法院釋字第644號解釋於中華民國97年（2008年）6月20日作成，核心爭點在於人民團體法禁止設立「
In some cases the way in which they are related is known, in other cases it is not.
So they did not need to be fast or stealthy and the work was fairly easy.
It became popular and was played on college radio stations and made people know who U2 were.
People playing the kombu.
Then you call on the name of your god, and I will call on the name of the Lord.
As a consequence, when the musket was fired, the ball bounced along the inside the barrel.
Napoleon removed Louis from the Dutch throne and took over the entire Kingdom of Holland on July 1, 1810.
The Hindu scriptures say that Manu was the first man in the world.
In the series, after Hercules reunites Zeus and Hera, she stops hating Hercules, and even helps him stop Zeus from killing Xena's unborn child.
He was one of the signatories of the 1950 UNESCO statement The Race Question.
Vladmir Was born on December 4, 1987 in the small Siberian town of Ust-Kut, Irkutsk region.
Imagine that an unmarried woman is listed in the county records, State Motor Vehicle Department, Federal Social Security Department and International Passport Department.
The county has a total area of 644 square miles.
The Oxford companion to the mind''.
They were privately owned, but by the 5th century BC palaestras were being built at the public expense.
Isela Vega Durazo (5 November 1939 – 9 March 2021) was a Mexican actress, singer-songwriter, and filmmaker.
She has not said whether she will be reprising the role again, although on Doctor Who Confidential she said that she thinks "It's never really the end for the Doctor and Rose" but it probably was "for the foreseeable future".
It is a life simulator that imitates real life.
This is called "solving" the triangle.
Los Alamitos Army Airfield was commanded by LTC James C. Ghormley, III.
A pioneer in the development of luxury hoteliering, he knew how to entice wealthy customers and got a reputation for good taste and elegance.
且與被變成玩具的目標有關係的人們（例如親屬或是朋友），將會失去有關變成玩具的對象曾經相處過的「所有」記憶。
Terrigal is the coastal town in the Central Coast of New South Wales, Australia.
The majority of the games were developed by Infinity Ward and Treyarch, with studio Sledgehammer Games developing Advanced Warfare and WWII.
A “3 part fugue” means a fugue written for three voices or instruments.
There were attacks on the two artillery batteries on the sides of the main landing area.
Barış Manço pop singer lived here.
Long downy feathers covered almost the entire head and neck, torso, upper legs,and the first half of the tail.
它由Kaniz-i-Fatima兴建于1728-1729年，以纪念她的丈夫Shujaat汗，
From 1969 to 1977, he was pastor of a Presbyterian church in Durban, South Africa.
He was buried in the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific, Honolulu, Hawaii.
In fact, it was originally known as Hogtown until the later part of the 18th Century.
He was the Chief Minister of the state of Maharashtra during 18 January 2003 to October 2004.
This caused about 10-12 men to search for them.
Drogos are bad characters.
It passes by mostly houses as well as the Los Altos Lutheran Church for the remainder of it’s length until it’s terminus at South San Antonio Road.
However, that doesn't mean there was not sikhae and rather it guesses that sikhae was not written down.
They were active from 1975 until 1999.
，是有足夠能力自主地敬拜和事奉基督，毋需再行尋覓任何權威的依據，因基督乃權威的唯一根源。
This helps helps the moths, but obviously not the bats.
It is a historic place in The Netherlands.
The Nintendo Network logo.
The ICC Cricket World Cup Trophy is presented to the winners of the World Cup finals.
These seven principalities had their own capital cities.
In June, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) told the public that people using the United States' government's Medicare health program had different results depending on race.
This makes it the 10th largest city by area.
It is the theorem that shows the relationship between the derivative and the integral and between the definite integral and the indefinite integral.
在亞歷山大繼業者陸軍之後，繼業者國家開啟希臘化時代陸軍，
The Kaharoa eruption was a volcanic eruption in about 1314.
Takes place after the events of Goodbye Despair.
The scope of this article is limited to the Pacific Ocean to the north of the equator between 100th meridian east and the 180th meridian.
It is used to cleanse ritual impurity.
And so far, for the hard problems, the solutions have required on the order of computations.
Yes, we worry about what the final box office is going to be.
永明十年（492年），封為寧朔將軍、濟陽太守。
該版本是針對聯邦稅警服務而特別研製的。
Dogs were smuggled out of Hungary during the Second World War.
It also helps reclamation more effectively.
The style included dark coats and full-length trousers, with an elaborately-knotted cravat.
Pierre Gilliard said that Olga had a very "quick brain", with "good reasoning powers" and "a very independent manner, and a gift for swift (quick) and entertaining (funny) repartee (replies)."
He was President of the Confederate States of America for its entire history, from 1861 to 1865.
The outfit makes its final (regular) appearance in the tenth episode of the first season, Hooves and Harlots.
Huntingdon College was first started on February 2, 1854, as "
For common names, see the article in Wikispecies on Bellis perennis.
Gerçekten "deneysel spiritüalizm"in başlangıç döneminde hilelere başvuran şarlatanların sayısı azımsanamayacak kadar çoktu.
"Bapaiche Tyag", even though he would only sing his own composition.
All 20 characters in the DS version get their own kart (the Powerpuff Girls have separate karts, unlike the PS2 version).
The temperature at the Mammoth Hot Springs is between convert in January and convert in July. citation Sudden temperature increase or decrease in the middle of a year are not a rare thing.
Bidatsu's reign was marked by power struggles about Buddhism.
Vytautas the Great grew the land of the Grand Duchy.
When he died, Stalin let the people in Russia look at his body.
; and samples of "R U Ready", written by Ross Birchard and Lunice Pierre, and performed by TNGHT.
Another time in Dodd's playing career showed the thinking he would use in his coaching career.
United States Library of Congress.
多莉自始並不贊同乃父擁槍自衛的想法，乃以流利的英語對店主表示希望能夠退款，店主卻偏要違背她的意思將彈藥出售，並在言語中暗示對其仇恨之意。
在4,089住户中，有47.00%擁有一個或以上的兒童（18歲以下）、60.40%為夫妻、14.10%為單親家庭、而有20.90%為非家庭。
視乎動畫使用的物料或對象，於相片與相片之間為模型或對象作小量移動，或轉換成不同的固定模型。
，港鐵安排了接駁巴士疏導乘客。
In 44 BC he became praetor peregrinus with the promise of the Syrian province for the ensuing year.
Because so many organisms are diploid, it can become confusing whether haploid refers to one set of chromosomes or more than one.
The metal band used to mate the eraser with pencil is called a ferrule.
His masterpiece in this vein came when he opened a line to Kobe in 1920 and produced a newspaper advertisement sniping at the crowded trains of his Hanshin rivals.
Dent goes around flipping coins and decides whether he will kill them or keep them alive.
Election to the Federal assembly was to be indirect.
Southwest Alaska is one of the best places in the world to catch salmon.
She often wrote with her husband at the time, Ken Walton.
The Ugar (Brzica until 1878: Džaja M. (1995): Pougarje i njegova okolica.
在1978年和1979年，所有站台都被提高至76厘米，并对应用长度进行了延伸，在东西向共有6条轨道可满足15节编组列车的停靠需求 。
The empire was defeated in World War I and broke apart.
As suicide is a tragic event, it impacted many of the people around him, like Charlie (his best friend) and Susan, (his girlfriend), in addition to the rest of his school.
'nda kadınlar 10 metre havalı tüfek eleme turlarında 420,7 puanla Olimpiyat rekoru kırdı.
They have several "blocks" of "special characters", which are filed differently for each encoding.
It is between convert wide.
Laika does not survive the mission.
。2010年，他離開此職，其描述北韓饑餓苦況的詩作《我的女兒100元》獲得牛津文學獎 。
Its format is related to the fashion industry.
而屋頂銅板的顏色變化，也正代表著別莊的歷史一直不斷的在歲月裡累積。
People such as João Vaz Corte-Real were rewarded for finding islands that turned out to be phantom islands.
He called the options "exquisite fighting-game experiences".
The cutter Jefferson captured the first British merchant ship, the Patriot, in June 1812.
The band is based on the songs written by brothers Jim and William Reid and has had nineteen different musicians over the years.
He died, but his fame outlived the Roman empire.
据2015年统计，该农村居民点的人口为1334人。
Oddworld Munch's Oddysee was the second game to be part of the Quintology.
The company's primary business is its subscription-based streaming which offers online streaming of a library of films and TV programs.
During formal games both players must record the game using a score sheet.
If is so much the main opinion that is become one of the forms of sport of combat produced by the martial arts more practised in the world.
，弟子中有众多美国当代作曲家。
It was the band's third studio album, released as the first since their rise to fame.
It has been considered hallowed ground since almost three hundred years before the birth of Christ, and is one of the sixteen places said to have been consecrated by Gautama Buddha as he meditated.
，马迪每次下课前都说一句关于音乐的名人名言，
There are 16 species worldwide and 1 species which occurs in Azerbaijan.
福和工業大廈五級火，2死12傷。
The station also carries news flash at :15 and :45 every hour from the country's all news station France Info.
Sometimes, multiple purposes are combined.
都是由 Upsilon 演变而成。
Till the general elections of 2014, the Senate had 71 members.
The French magazine, Vélo, called the victory "extraordinary."
This category is for living people whose birth years are not in their articles.
Spencer Fox (born May 10, 1993 ) is an American musician, singer and actor.
The show is taped at Hollywood Centre Studios in Los Angeles.
Many Hindus are vegetarians (do not eat meat) because of their respect for life.
The tractor and driver do not have to wait to be loaded or unloaded, they can change trailers.
After graduating from the Institute of Television in 2006, she began her career as a journalist and then as a host of television shows.
When Jason was alive, he almost never thought about what he was doing.
The owner reported the problem to his friend who was a British Officer.
It is not even known whether 'Howard Staunton' was his name at birth.
Scar has actually planned a wildebeest stampede with the hyenas.
This episode was the last time he was on television.
Typically, drug prices at online pharmacies located in countries with drug price controls in place (i.e., India, UK, Germany, South Africa) will have more affordable costs.
His experiences there are set down in Kriegsgefangen Erlebtes 1870 (1871); subsequently he published his observations on the campaign in Der Krieg gegen Frankreich 1870-71 (1874-1876).
舉例來說，個人投資於股票會有保證金（借貸）的限制並接到對本金風險的警告；而對於住房買家並沒有這樣的要求。
The Maryland ruffians were defeated with one being killed.
He wrote more than twenty plays and many non-fiction works.
Kitz died on 10 May 2019 in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
」，因而“中國”這一稱謂首次具有了现代法律上的意义 citation ，中华民国在外交上则以「
Nevertheless, they have exposed frame portions above and below the sack to make it easier to hold larger items.
She did not joined in Morning Musume, but became one of the most famous members of Hello!
Yes or no questions (Did he find it on the street?) often have a rising end, but not always.
Joel has been married four times.
Therefore, he hated Britannia and decided to create the kind world where Nunnally can live safely.
Scott R. Wagner (born 1955) is an American businessman and politician.
Sometimes, a brain injury damages pathways that carry information from one area to another.
漂流木指的是受水流與風的力量而移動，最後堆積在河道、
The New York Times Company (December 18, 1977).
Padova, Editrice e Libreria, 2003, pp. 1-12 support Herodotus, who claimed there really was a Median empire.
A very important part of this screening procedure is devotion to the tenets of Islam.
A skillful slinger can hit a target 10x10 cm at 20 metres distance.
相当多的终端将“粗体”（SGR代码1）实现为更明亮的颜色而不是不同的字体，从而提供了8种额外的前景色，但通常情况下并不能用于背景色，虽然有时候反显（SGR代码7）可以允许这样。
However, this argument was rejected because the pressure put on individual Scientologists to disconnect means it is not voluntary.
The definition can change depending on who uses the word.
She founded the Ford Modeling Agency (now called Ford Models) in 1946.
的人物，同时请参见：1834年出生。
The females are browner and the males greyer.
In 1943, he made his debut in the movie Dertli Pınar at the age of 5 and made more appearances in other movies in some child roles.
氟化氢钠是一种无色或白色流沙状结晶或粉末，有强烈的酸味，有毒，
The competition was formed in 1982.
The German advance in the center was the most successful.
He continued to race in Lombardy and Switzerland.
"Why I Write" (1946) in The Collected Essays: journalism and letters of George Orwell.
A major issue of his term has been dealing with the Greek debt crisis.
They learn to grow vegetables and flowers on this farm.
Renoir experienced his initial acclaim when six of his paintings hung in the first Impressionist exhibition in 1874.
Despite many bad comments about IMF, research shows that more than 60 percent of Asians and 70 percent of Africans feel that IMF has had a positive effect on their country.
Between 1848 and 1860 Bertini sometimes taught painting at the Brera Academy.
此後，他闲居天津，脱离政界，成天以书法、念经、观剧度日。
Protestantism is a movement that developed recently.
Since the 1930s, the number of people in Waldo starting decreasing.
Example: morpheme, which is pronounced as morphēm.
"The agricultural analogy appears over and over again as it did in the writings of many American eugenicists".
Başlangıç Parkinson hastalığını teşhis etmek için henüz belirlenmiş bir test yoktur.
Kesälahti is advertised as a popular summer destination for families enjoying camping.
The British Rail Class 156 "Super-
The problem of knowledge.
Timmy appeals to Atlantis’ leader, King Greg -- if he can show good cause why Atlanteans should be happy beneath the sea, Cosmo will be set free.
Reconceiving the gene: Seymour Benzer's adventures in phage genetics.
Four out of more than 20 have been excavated and several, especially in Santon, can be visited using the Raad ny Foillan coastal footpath.
、運輸建設、通訊、政府以及「人民的意志」。
This lets L.M. have a more free word order than Interlingua.
This movie was directed by Nick Broomfield.
A multiplicative barrier function method for linear programming.
，来到西南实业大厦，向当地的工商界做了“当前经济大势”的演讲。
Within a short time he lose a lot of weight.
The first child named Charles died.
For example "main" is a British IBAN for a bank account at the National Westminster Bank.
Karakoyunlular bu başarının ardından hakimiyet alanlarını Azerbaycan'a doğru genişlemiştir.
Mind you, I'm not a total fucking idiot, and I recognize talent when I see it … and there are many talented DJ's out there for sure.
北泳龍是在2008年由吳肖春、Tamaki Sato命名，
The adjective 多い oo(i) is made up of the morpheme 多 oo, meaning "many", and the morpheme い i, showing that the word is an adjective.
在聖多美普林西比總統梅尼士數次訪台期間，還擔任陳水扁的葡萄牙語傳譯。
：跨省河流，上游位於山西境內。
It was composed in Salzburg and is dated September 12, 1775.
Köyü büyük Çerkes sürgünüyle Kafkasyadan gelen Çerkesler kurmuştur.
On April 17, 2002, U.S. District Judge Robert Jones ordered an injunction a judge's order saying that Ashcroft's rule could not be enforced.
，又称宇文斌 citation 。
Usually, some of the rules in these special editions are a little bit different from the original ones.
Proponents of modesty often see it as respect for their bodies and the feelings of themselves and others, and some people believe it may reduce sexual crimes.
Łęczna tops among the hills of the Lublin Upland, at the confluence of two rivers—the Wieprz, and the Świnka.
’nın bulunduğu toprakların son veliaht prensidir.
Nowadays, they are kept as pets, compete as show dogs, and participate in a dog sport called lure coursing, which is similar to rabbit hunting.
She was then buried next to her husband in Sceaux, France.
Daha sonra Temmuz Kuramı (
Lister's work led to a reduction in post-operative infections (infections after an operation).
The least squares approach can also be used to fit models that are not linear.
Fossilized filamentous algae from the Vindhya basin have been dated back to 1.6 to 1.7 billion years ago.
At convert above sea level, it is the lowest-lying community in Graubünden.
İlin nüfusu 2015 yılı itibarıyla 382,722'dir.
Young leaves have an attractive reddish tinge.
Molecules that absorb light at these wavelengths are called chromophores.
The Movie in America including the spin-off, The Amazing Spiez!
Frederick Simmons was the name of her father.
Around this time, the Trekboers became the first Europeans to meet any Swazis.
The continent is sometimes known in technical contexts by the names Sahul, Australinea or Meganesia to distinguish it from the country of Australia.
Typical errors include missing pixels (white) and false signals (black).
State legislatures do similar things as the U.S. Congress does, only for each state.
One day Teito finds that Chief of Staff Ayanami killed his father, the king of the Raggs Kingdom.
He was brought up hearing 18th century opera, and much of his best known music is still Classical in style, but he developed a lot as he matured and was writing in a more Romantic way by the end of his career.
Clearing a path forward he discovered two further VOIEDs and, twice more, carried out manual neutralisation.
蘇格蘭足球超級聯賽（1998–2013）
Ratibor of the Wends had 660 of this type of ship he used when he attacked Kongälf in 1135.
Two buildings, one after the other, the First Temple and the Second Temple, stood at the site.
Doktorlar tarafından sağlığının kötü olduğunun bildirilmesine rağmen o iyi olduğunda ısrarcı oldu.
The game features a wide variety of playable stages, characters and gamemodes.
Many quickly found that military life was not as romantic as they had pictured it.
He served as chairman from July 9, through July 23, 1990 (acting), from December 5, 1991 through May 11, 1994 and from February 1, 2000 through May 14, 2002.
They see colors differently, and may not be able to tell certain colors apart.
Aynı fiziksel koşullara sahip bir ortamda, aynı iki metal plaka arasına aynı uzaklık bırakılır.
此歌曲在年度的頒獎禮獲得12個獎項，包括：
Hoyt, Millot, and Morison give the coordinates of the sinking as coord.
美國代表「星光獨角獸(スターユニコーン)」
His four eldest sons were born before he married their mother.
》，連載至今，並獲改編為動畫。
At this time, the infant may use a second, larger cradleboard that replaces the first.
It is more than just a matter of believing.
It became the flag in 1950 following the recommendations of a committee appointed by the 1st Prime Minister of Sri Lanka D.S. Senanayake.
The singer of the band, Tom Higgenson, first wanted to be a drummer.
It is a selective state schools in the United States.
The most important evidence, the dead canary that the two women find, was hidden in Minnie's sewing basket.
"Joe the Plumber" became a hit in the 2008 presidential elections, often referred to both by McCain and Obama, and being interviewed about all sorts of topics.
Staley's physical condition was changing during the hiatus of Alice in Chains and his addiction started to become more known to the public.
It was put up for the Best First Novel Agatha Award in 2007. citation The sequel, To Hell in a Handbasket is scheduled to be published in 2009.
He was Archbishop of Havana from 1981 to 2016.
One of the most important events during bryozoan evolution was the acquisition of a calcareous skeleton and the mechanism of tentacle protrusion.
This made up most of modern Belgium.
CEPC运行十年后，可选择在同一隧道内建设二期工程SppC。
In Argonauts, males and females are quite different in size and lifespan.
The sea snail Nassarius tiarula is a scavenger.
Tuolumne County was founded in 1850.
Other party members began to have doubts about him after the election.
提名委員會須最少由該選舉組別被登錄於本年一月展示的選民登記冊內的法人總數的百分之20組成，如計算所得數字並非整數，則以上一個較小的整數為準。
Hydrogen seemed to be the obvious place to start since hydrogen has only one electron to deal with, and only four lines in the visible part of the spectrum.
他又指出，根據《民防法》法案第2條第2款，「突發公共事件」是指「突然發生並造成或可能造成重大人員傷亡、財產損失、生態環境破壞或嚴重社會危害，並危及公共安全和環境保護的緊急事件。
Instead of a helmet, Dames will have a coronet (a small crown).
The bridge is an official landmark.
According to Jerne's biographer Thomas Söderqvist, Jerne did not play the role of a bench scientist, he could not pipette accurately, and he did not enjoy experimental work.
Matthias laurenz Gräff is the son of the artist Helmuth Gräff and the art professor Martina Maria Gräff, daughter of the architect Richard Gach.
They started playing football in 1888.
Pro Football Hall of Fame football player (
她写过杂志文章、报纸专栏并在生前写过两本基于她自己的经验的书：
现在还不确定核质巨DNA病毒不同种类之间的相似性是由于利用相同或相似宿主基因进行病毒复制，还是因为一个共同的病毒祖先进化而来，仍需要详细研究。
Some of these tribes are: Tupiniquim, Tupinambá, Potiguara, Tabajara, Caetés, Temiminó, Tamoios.
The rat fell of a tree, outside Zaira, a village on Vangunu Island.
His first few years as king are not well recorded.
The seven books were all adapted into different forms of media, including toys, movies, spin-off movies, video games and a stage play as well.
He is the strongest worker among the animals.
Active codependency is often more manipulative, and an individual may try to push their partner into behaving a certain way in order to fill their own emotional needs.
，認為該法令侵犯了教宗的首席權，聲稱：教宗之所以擁有首席權是因為他是宗徒之長伯多祿的繼承人的緣故，因此，拒不承認該法令。
But grewing up in the 50s he got contact to blues anyway.
On May 10th 2016 he played his first match in the Austrian Bundesliga versus SV Grödig.
It is one of the last and largest remaining parts of the large primeval forest that once went across the European Plain.
Lorenzo Ricci, General of the Society of Jesus (d.
It was translated into 14 languages, and braille.
This included a number of theater circuits acquired by Paramount, notably Balaban and Katz.
But suppose, next, that there are 15000 students.
If hockey is played and the first section is taken out to make room for the rink, 18,200 people may be there.
He also befriended and roomed with Luis Miranda, who occupied several offices during the 1999–2000 administration in the State of Mexico.
If someone is sick with a virus, antibiotics will not affect the virus.
Before Unicode was introduced, other character encodings were used.
He paints simple shapes with dotted lines, which is a style that his brothers also use.
Uygulamaya göre her takım; aldığı sarı kart, kırmızı kart, saha kapatma, seyircisiz oynama ve hak mahrumiyeti cezaları karşılığında belirli ceza puanları aldı.
Taibei Imperial University was created in March 16, 1928.
The next day, in Florida, the ducks are in a tropical forest when they meet an old man who is also trying to find the fountain of youth.
The dam has also benefited transportation on the river.
They have red and black stripes over their eyes.
In some areas, there can be no rainfall for up to years at a time.
A 2005 WHO report states that smoking using a waterpipe poses a serious potential health hazard and is not a safe alternative to cigarette smoking.
当地排队公司供应围观客户（媒体、律师）排队服务。
"Every time you interact with an object, talk to an NPC, forget to turn off a light-switch, take out the trash, or disregard a sparkly bush the game remembers this and will change subtly for all further interactions.
Most are able to swim well; some species are actually semi-aquatic and feed mainly on fish and other aquatic animals.
It is about a highly unattractive woman who goes to great lengths to take revenge on her husband and his attractive lover.
魅力是指一些人的個人特徵，好像磁力，是一種吸引力，吸引人們向他注目，很多是天生散發出來的。
Bass guitars are normally made out of wood.
Boiga is a large genus of mildly venomous, rear-fanged, colubrid snakes typically known as the cat-eyed snakes or just cat snakes.
Each time around the loop, the beam passes through each of the two LINAC accelerators, but through a different set of bending magnets.
Fourth major hurricane of the season.
Amalienburg, onun hükümdarlığı döneminde inşa edildi.
In both cases the friend is there in his thought, in his imagination, in his heart, in his soul."
The offical currency is the Sahrawi peseta but this is no longer circulated.
A widow since 1998, she lives with entertainer John Corbett.
’de çok kısa bir süreden sonra hayal kırıklıkları yaşamasını, 23-24 Ekim 2003 tarihlerindeki kurultayda da çok çirkin bir siyaset oyunuyla dışlanmasını” gerekçe gösterdi.
Miranda Callendar, played by Meera Syal, is a detective employed by Claire.
Angleton's career ended when his many allegations were not supported with appropriate evidence.
Animal Jam takes place in a world called Jamaa, and each player is known in the game as a Jammer.
Hardcover published by Vantage, Inc., N.Y., U.S.A. 1986 as The Assassination of a Prime Minister.
George offers to fix the landlord's beer pumps and goes into the cellar, discovering Sean's package, a gleaming gem that Peagram discovered, identical to the one on the manuscript.
Its seeds fall off from February to March.
Those are here.
They are an intermediate between standard heels and stiletto heels, which are from 4 to 10 inches.
Eskiden dokuz mahalleden oluşan Santa köyünün yedi mahallesi ile üç yüzden fazla evi, "arkeolojik ve doğal sit alanı" ilan edilmiştir.
It replaced the Rover 400 Series in 1999, and was produced until 2005.
Yiren (take him up as her son); Yiren even changed his name to Zichu ("son of Chu") because his new "mother" was from a land named Chu.
However, the years immediately before the revolution had been marked by sporadic Turkmen uprisings against Russian rule, most prominently the anti-tsarist revolt of 1916 that expanded through the whole of Turkestan.
George Axelrod, American director, producer, and screenwriter (d.
The book was published by the Knopf Publishing Group and became a bestseller.
The ius gentium was therefore a Roman legal codification of the widely accepted international law of the time, and was based on the highly developed commercial law of the Greek city-states and of other maritime powers.
It won the 2017 Oregon Book Award for Creative Nonfiction.
He died from the infection and meningoencephalitis on 16 August 2020, less than a week before his 34th birthday.
He could predict where missed shots would go and knew how to tip the ball to himself for a rebound.
She says she lost "millions" of dollars in royalties by not being listed on the writing credits of the song.
徐覺哉，《社會主義流派史》，上海；
As they became more adapted to eating while bent over, they became semi-
; each character represents a sound or syllable.
Conjoined twins are more likely to be female (70-75%).
Ruth and his friend, O.B. Jackson.
Compared with real leather, artificial leathers are much cheaper to produce.
On Tuesday, August 21, 2018, Manafort was convicted of five counts of tax fraud, two counts of bank fraud and one count of failure to report foreign bank accounts.
She was married to Nicholas Laborde until his death.
She decided to make the family living area more suitable for family life by adding a kitchen on the family floor and new rooms for her children.
The National Physique Committee and Ms. Olympia held many bodybuilding contests for women.
Rashford has been with Manchester United since he was seven years old.
There are parades, bands and some people wear masks to have fun.
He received the qualification of manager-economist.
An Intellivision Master Component with an Astrosmash cartridge inserted into its cartridge slot, and an Astrosmash overlay inserted into the left controller's keypad.
Power Purchasing agreements tend to last 5 – 20 years.
In 2001, there were 872 people living in Laxfield.
With the exception of some barnacles, maxillopodans are mostly small, citation including the smallest known arthropod, Stygotantulus stocki.
He opposed public funding for a new baseball stadium.
's official stance was also openly positive in this period.
'da 3000 metrekare büyüklükteki park alanı.
Historian David M. Kennedy was inspired by the right as well and in 1991 he brought out his book with the title Freedom From Fear: The American People in Depression and War, 1929–1945.
Since then, Buddhism has been the official religion.
She has divorced from her former husband, Gary Lewis.
In the 90 'this railway line was concessioned with all its assets, who currently is the owner of the concession is the company Ferro Expreso Pampeano S.A., which never used the southern section of the branch before said.
She was known for her novel Freaky Friday.
全華圖書股份有限公司於西元1973 年成立於臺灣臺北市，初期以提供高級職業學校的審訂教科書為主要營業項目。
The M1918A2's buttstock (the part of the gun which sticks out at the back) is about one inch longer than the M1918 BAR buttstock.
It was they who must have been blind because they had not seen that obviously superior land was just a half mile away on the other side of the Bosporus.
Bu evler farklı halk tabakalarının bulunduğu yerlere göre değişiklikler de gösterebilirdi.
It is based on the ideas of the character called Hari Seldon.
The breed was developed from dogs used by Hungarian tribes.
In 1980, he won critical acclaim for his role as Norman Thayer, Jr. in Los Angeles's Ahmanson Theater's production of "On Golden Pond" opposite Julie Harris.
The eggs are laid in the foam.
，終結其控制該區長達20年的局面，張亦成為該區歷來首位民主派區議員，亦是打破本選區連續多屆區議會選舉民主派多次參選而落敗的魔咒。
Gale tries to stage a confrontation between Sidney, Jerry, Tom and Cotton Weary (
Márquez met his wife, Mercedes Barcha, when they were in college.
This is often taken to mean he was already ill, but with his daughters married or betrothed it was also a good time to ensure they would be provided for.
He also edited a book on Giorgio De Chirico's work between 1924 and 1929.
The bugs eat the trapped insects.
’nde 2004 ve 2008 yıllarında «yılın kadın voleybolcusu» seçildi.
在19世纪蔗糖没被引进前，美国人主要食用佛蒙特州的枫叶糖。
，公布时间为2009年5月4日。
It comes to English through the Latin verbum and the Old French verbe.
Qtd. in Honan, Jane Austen, 318–19; emphasis in original.
Points B, C and D on the diagram are considered to be productively efficient as it is not possible to produce more of either good without having to reduce the production of the other.
His work was affected by Western art and caricature.
He is the least known of the five Russian composers who were nicknamed the “
For example, if a cylinder is compressed under the action of the applied force, the restoring force per unit area is known as the compressive stress.
Örnek: "Verdiğiniz önemli bilgiler için size-sizlere çok teşekkür ederim."
广州市：广州出版社, 1996：57.
The serous fluid between the two layers acts as a lubricant and reduces friction from muscle movement.
Lord Sri Hagari Basaveswara is the famous and powerful male deity and Goddess Maremma devi is the famous female deity worshipped in the village regularly.
南方灰色沙漠狐狸達到的最大尺寸總是低於北方狐狸的平均大小。
For example: when Sigmund (in the opera Die Walküre) says that he does not know who his father is, we hear his father’s tune in the orchestra!
The formations were the first landmark chosen by the US Department of the Interior as a National Natural Landmark.
He first started acting at age five.
Seeds can also be germinated by falling near the mother plant.
Köy, Ağrı il merkezine 49 km, Eleşkirt ilçe merkezine 15 km uzaklıktadır.
Indeed, one popular desktop publishing book was actually titled The Mac is not a typewriter.
全球至少有24个有蹄类物种和亚种曾经或正在进行大迁徙，其中6种有蹄类的大迁徙已经消失：南非小羚羊、黑角马、白脸牛羚、
Baum had to pay for the first Oz book himself.
，招募志願者幫忙回覆那些寫給圣诞老人的信件 。
Halogens placed on carbon that is attached to two other carbon atoms makes the haloalkane a secondary alkane.
His style became influenced by French styles.
On May 14th 2012 their daughter Adeline was born.
出厂时包装在一个一体成型，用后即丢的玻璃纤维容器内，可由单兵携带操作。
Raleigh'deki Needham B. Broughton Lisesi'nde geçirdiği yıllar boyunca, olağanüstü bir İngilizce öğretmeni olan Phyllis Peacock'tan ilham aldı ve öğretmeni kendisini cesaretlendirdi.
Nihai ürün kâğıt kalınlığında, yaklaşık 18 cm eni ve 20 santimetre boyunda ve 3 gram ağırlığındadır.
The second wave started about twenty years later.
Hughes's current research interests include the sociology of emotions; the sociology of the body and health; sociological theory; and organisational sociology.
This is called social jetlag and it leads to poor sleep.
It failed in Congress because they were not able to decide if the people actually liked it.
See that module for the implementation of the rules that determine whether the taxon name (as used in the name of the taxonomy template) and the link text match or not.
In the end, the story behind the sonata is a mystery.
It was eventually acquired by the Ingersoll family.
Austin police officially connected the March 2 bombing following the bombings on March 12. None of the packages were mailed, instead they were placed near the individuals' homes.
Unable to face the truth, Buzz tries to prove he is still a space ranger by attempting to fly out of the window, but falls and loses one of his arms.
Geronimo's middle name was never casted in the books.
Son olarak Rısakov, polise hizmetlerini sunduğunu ve etkin pişmanlıktan yararlandığını dile getirmişse de itirazı göz ardı edildi.
This is called "scale formation".
It also operates regional bureau across Ireland and the world.
》中并没有对海妖的体貌进行描述，而传统的希腊人对海妖的描繪是「鸟與狮子」或「鸟與人類」的嵌合体。
A person has courage if he puts himself in danger to save another person.
In Valhalla, the eïnherjar feast and make revelry, as they are served and cared for by the Valkyries themselves.
He called the 1965 World Series.
Nora became a hurricane in a favorable environment September 18 while moving northwest.
They use their mucus to keep them wet.
As of 2006 Córdoba has a population of over 1,300,000 inhabitants, making it Argentina's second largest city.
Poland is one of the world's strongest teams, it is the reigning world champion since 2014 and is ranked third (as of August 2015) in the FIVB world ranking.
The process of touching something may be called feeling.
He was chairman of the ruling Justice and Development Party from 2001 to 2014.
After months of talking, the county and the banks were $130 million apart from a final agreement.
At the ITTF Pro Tour Grand Finals she won gold.
Soon, Cornwallis began acting independently of Clinton, who stayed safe in New York City.
Butterworth did not write a great deal of music, and during the war he destroyed many of his compositions that he thought were not good enough.
淡嶋（島）神社・粟島（嶋）神社之分類。
Clarin remains a rather unknown figure in the Spanish literary world.
From 1969 until the dissolution of the Academy of Arts in Berlin in 1993, he was a full member of the academy.
McQuay (1987), 5. The long-running Hardy Boys Mystery Stories series ended in 2005, and was replaced with The Hardy Boys: Undercover Brothers.
Type sites are often the first or foundational site discovered about the culture they represent.
It is a parody of "Lump" by the Presidents of the United States of America.
，因此逐渐被騙徒使用 citation 。
Many things are made of aluminium.
She is known for her role in Baby Doll in 1956.
百姓為了酬謝神恩、酬神祈福，神功戲是舉行一連串慶祝活動之一，亦是當中的重點節目，一般都在為節慶而建立的大戲棚內演出。
文永5年（1268年）1月忽必烈第二次派使者送來蒙古國書開始，
They gained contracts for power stations.
They are differentiated from another part of the community, known in this context as the Northists (Vaddakkumbhagar).
The word assassin comes from either hashashim, the influence of the drugs, or hassansin, after their leader, Hassan-i Sabbah.
This frog lives near water, for example places that have been flooded.
The first corner is the most popular overtaking spot.
Holtz ve Connor cehennem boyutunda yıllar geçrdikten sonra Los Angeles'a geri dönerler (ama bu Los Angeles'ta yalnızca birkaç haftadır) ve Connor babasını öldürmeye çalışır.
王冷斋怒道：“夜间宛平城门已闭，日兵在城外演习，怎么能在城内失踪?”
She is seen performing in various stage shows and award shows and has also sung many of her songs in films as a playback singer.
In a small triangle on the face of the earth, the sum of the angles is almost 180°.
He married Elizabeth Marshall Kay in 1959 and had three children.
A few genera come from tropical areas.
Brittany was a separate country from the 9th century until it was united with France in 1532.
The Boutonne flows through 1 region (
The record went platinum and Tañón earned her first Grammy Award.
维陶塔斯是科斯图提斯之子，约盖拉堂兄，
The young ones often remain with the family to help in raising their parents' younger pups.
Badeshi people of Bishigram Valley and Tirat Valley are total around 1,500 in numbers.
He was the founding member of the Juilliard String Quartet in 1946.
It has more than seven hundred employees and fourteen international offices.
This usually happens accidentally if the photographer forgets to advance the film.
He was in office from 1969 to 1986.
He uses a type of theory called critical theory, where he studies how people use power.
Founded in 1988 as a quintet (group of five people), Boyz II Men found fame as a quartet (group of four), with members Nathan Morris, Michael McCary, Shawn Stockman, and Wanya Morris, on Motown Records during the early 1990s.
Rothstein'ın aksine Masseria eğitimsiz, öngörüşsüz ve sınırlı yönetim kabiliyetine sahip biriydi.
He went on to publish in Kultura, Res Publica, Tygodnik Powszechny, Znak, Zeszyty Literackie and Gazeta Wyborcza.
Saussure also focuses on the arbitrary nature of signs.
Only one person walked away from the accident without injuries.
Although he attempted to assassinate with a bomb, Okuma was seriously injured by losing his right leg, and Kurushima, who had failed to complete his task, committed suicide by slitting his throat with a dagger.
He was 26 when he began his career.
There was an easy passage across the Sázava river (brod means "ford" in English).
The time delay effect was first noticed in 1964, by Irwin I. Shapiro.
在他5歲之時，父親去世，不久後母親便改嫁他人，於是林墨根只好隨祖父一同生活 citation 。
During a lunar eclipse, the Moon looks red-brown.
's Breakfast Time programme in 1985.
最後遊行隊伍到達南灣湖旁的示威區，因為要求特區政府代表出來接信的問題，第三次爆發衝突。
He was 97 years old.
Chris had a daughter he had not seen for 11 years.
However if berdel is arranged by a similar aged relative, those marriages are often seen as very safe, and even as a marriage where the well-being is guaranteed through the insurance of the counterpart swapped relative.
，总理一般是从两院制国会的下院——
The four little ones left the United States on 21 June 1869.sfncheck They travelled 60,000 miles around the world, visited 587 cities and towns, and gave 1,471 performances of songs, speeches, and military drills.
Music therapy will improve different aspects of communication.
Each superdupermegapod holds 10 supermegapods.
When he was 30 years old, he worked at a German subsidiary of Coca-Cola in 1933.
He started producing small films from childhood, and as a young man made two half-hour long, privately-financed fiction films: The Orchid Gardener (1977) and Menthe la bienheureuse (1979).
In June 2007, Boys' Life earned four Distinguished Achievement Awards from the Association of Educational Publishers (AEP).
If he does more evil actions, he can cause Chaos Blast.
It is like a flan or pudding.
Albert Ball in an S.E.5a, showing the Foster mount's arc-shaped I-beam rail.
而在堅守劍閣的姜維，先聞諸葛瞻兵敗，但未知劉禪確切消息，恐腹背受敵，
The beginning of the war on Muslims to come up with their position archers terkedince, Khalid bin Walid opportunity to evaluate and Muslim armies from the rear with the cavalry in order has stuck.
Because they only had seven seats, they lost their official party status.
His son was singer Mano Solo.
However, there have been initiatives of national dimension about the tax.
Daniel Dae Kim (Korean: 김대현; born Kim Dae-hyun on August 4, 1968) citation is a South Korean-American actor and producer.
The five stars stand for the ideals of democracy, peace, progress, justice and equality.
One year later, he was involved in operas such as Journeys, Sweet Hard, Zırdeliler, Yaman Well, Platin Palas, the wife of Judge, and served at Muammer Karaca theater.
阿维利的名称最早于1220年见诸文献。
In 1998 they reached the first title.
These major parties have a duopoly, meaning that they share almost all the political power in the country.
，蒸氣層阻隔水直接接觸滾燙鐵板並大大降低水滴沸騰的速度。
現時業務主要經營及生產模具及電子產品，總部位於No.
在霍普金斯大學順利取得大學以及雙碩士文憑後，原本計畫繼續專注在漸漸開花結果的的演出工作上，尋找更多的機會，也開啟了他歐洲的演出之路，
Paperback digest that collects four stories, two of which feature the Op.
The committee suggested Smoot's removal, but the full Senate voted to keep Smoot. citation He lost the vote for office in 1932.
Deneyimlerini Berlin Sanat Yüksek Okulu'nda profesör olarak "sahne yazımı dersleri" ile aktarıyor.
Some cars fell onto their sides.
The basic sheet metal remained the unchanged until production stopped on October 21, 1980.
It was a box office bomb and has since become a cult classic.
，然后系缀于称为冥目的纺织品上，组合成为人面的形象，后者则使用整块雕琢的玉将脸部完整遮盖。
第二任期（1937年至1941年）
The Plan became the prototype for subsequent Five-Year Plans and was basically fulfilled by 1931.
The technique of the normal punch is performed closing the fist and striking with it.
Küçük veya 2,3 gövdeli büyük bir çalı şeklinde kendini gösterir.
阿拉姆吉爾二世任內對西方各國要求多所退讓，
Amber Meade, Amber Buhl, Sarah Michaels, Kendra Jones, Natalie Nunn and Lea Beaulieu were in the "Love Games: Bad Girls Need Love Too" show.
He was not as good at one day races.
以Direct3D開發3D圖形程序，可以採用COM inteface，
Libya her iki şüpheliyi de İskoçya'ya iade ederek kişi başı 10 milyon dolarla toplam 2,75 milyar dolar tazminat ödedi.
'nun yaklaşık 150 kilometre (93 mil) güneydoğusunda ve Catania'nın yaklaşık 20 kilometre kuzeybatısında yer alır.
地震造成1人死亡，1204人受伤。
It was, however, quickly replaced with stone.
A physical object (a possible referent of a concept or word) is considered concrete (not abstract) if it is a particular individual that occupies a particular place and time.
At that time, prohibition had already been the law of the land for over nine years.
Emily goes out with Naomi.
Amerikan mutfağının tatları arasında en mükemmel kek çeşitlerinden biri olarak kabul edilir.
On May 14, 2019, Pope Francis has assigned Bishop Villarojo as the new bishop of the Diocese of Malolos.
An organist needs to learn which combinations of stops sound good together and how to balance them well.
A charrette, a wooden French cart (Cévennes).
Rather ASR insults her a lot and declares his engagement with Pamela.
He retired from public life in 1883.
Her independent production company, "
Tipik tasarım kurşun bir vidaya bağlanmış bir elektrik motoru şeklindedir.
The subtitle of the show was "The World's Got Talent" and Zhang Liangying was the only east Asian singer in the show.
这种过度的警觉与他们过度被唤醒的状态有关。
He did it by taking the story of the beginning of World War II as a basis of the oratorio, but he also made the work speak in general about the evil of this world.
Amar Singh was an Indian cricketer.
Besides ultraviolet light, which makes up most of the light produced by these lamps, there is also a little violet and blue light.
He quickly established himself as a first-choice forward.
FESTUNG: A MATLAB/GNU Octave toolbox for the discontinuous Galerkin method, Part I: Diffusion operator.
Ala nın akşam yemeğinin yeri ve zamanı olduğu için geceleri bir kavşağı geçmek tehlike olarak görülmüştür ve inanışa göre "ala nın masasına" basan talihsiz kişi kör, sağır veya topal olabilir.
For streaming video a speed of at least 2 Mbps is needed, to alleviate a choppy signal and disconnects.
，全线设有五个车站和一个车辆段，最高营运速度每小时为160公里。
Başlangıçta mezarların koruyucusu olan Tutu, daha sonra uyku için tehlikeden veya kötü rüyalardan koruma görevini almıştır.
The similar Greek word σοφιστής, "sophistēs" means "wise-ist, one who does wisdom, one who makes a business out of wisdom" while σοφός, "sophós" means a "wise man".
He works with Prime Ticket and FSN West.
Narayan Datt Tiwari (18 October 1925 – 18 October 2018) was an Indian politician.
西澤成功進入東映動畫之後，拜白川大作為師。
There are many festivals during the year including Winterlude in February, The Tulip Festival in May, and BluesFest in the summer.
This is for two reasons.
Kida enlists Milo's help in decoding the Atlantean language, which has been long forgotten by the natives.
Budo kelimesinin karşılığı olarak savaş sanatı ( ) kullanılabilir.
His father, a middle-class man from England's countryside, marries a poor woman who falsely believes she is marrying into a monied family.
，后来留在北平未归，任北平市政府参事。
Birgöl de 11 Kasım 2008'de öldü.
Kızların babaları yaşlı adamın ise nefes alabilmesi için tüpe ihtiyacı vardır.
The law about "celebrating" Shabbat is satisfied by the evening prayers that night.
They practiced climbing British cliffs.
Surya Bahadur Thapa had been the first Prime Minister of the Panchayat System.
Antonina Domańska wrote books for children.
In north-east Atlantic: North Sea (east) and British Isles (west).
，參加過2007年快樂男聲，但未能晉級全國大賽，
He joined the team in 2000 and has remained there ever since.
Capuchin monkeys live in Central America and South America.
He soon began to focus more on each of his Pokémon's abilities.
東歸途中土爾扈特人身經百戰，同時也損失慘重。
The year 2011 was an unusually severe year for tornadoes.
Gazeta Olsztyńska, a Polish newspaper mistakenly used one of the pictures for a February 4, 2010 front page story about the Olympics in Vancouver.
However, his relationship with Kanak gradually changes, making him more cognizant of emotion and slowly uprooting the seeds of superstition/blind faith deeply embedded in his core.
、鹹蛋超人迪加、奧特曼迪迦等等）的主角大古(亦有譯作「大悟」、「醍醐」)（Daigo）。
They plan the entry into the building where the hostages are being held.
James Burns，阿勒格尼郡民主黨的主席；
This group showed them how to get Catholics to be excited about their religion.
She is of Bosniak origin and is married to Mustafa Sandal, the leading Turkish pop star.
The city hosts many foreign headquarters and embassies.
The city of Buzen is on Suo Bay, on the Southeastern corner of the Suo Sea near Kitakyūshū, Fukuoka.
一位美国外交官员称，俄罗斯及其盟友伊朗方面受益于该地区美国盟友之间的不和，“特别是如果令美国很难利用卡塔尔作为主要军事基地时 ”。
The halls or areas are numbered A-F.
Neferkara I started to reign.
在20世纪早期"monitor"重新出现，指的是吃水很浅的有装甲的炮击舰，特别是皇家海军大量地使用它：克莱夫勋爵级重炮舰的火炮达到了当时最大的口径，于一战中轰击德国的目标，它们到了1920年代都拆解了。
The Edo period is also a very important period in the history of Japan.
A few minutes after liftoff, the craft went into contingency abort due to a booster failure and had to return to Earth.
，中華麗羽龍的足部羽毛並沒有那麼長、先進；這個發現顯示足部羽毛的演化，出現於比目前所知更為原始的恐龍 。
Their songs, including "Mrs.
He is best known for her images of rock and pop acts of the 1960s.
It was developed by Albert Calmette and Camille Guerin in the 1930s.
Also because of his size, he is the slowest runner.
Filling a ship's hold with tortoises was an easy way to stock up on food, a tradition that was continued by whalers in the centuries that followed.
Marciano's first professional fight was in March 1947.
There is moist canned food and also dry cat food which comes in different sized cans or bags and formulas.
The most famous of these is probably Bip the clown.
退耦後，光子不再與重子物質相互作用，它們擴散開來，釋放了重子系統的壓力。
It is about the way people think.
Donald Edward Baylor (June 28, 1949 – August 7, 2017) was an American professional baseball player and manager.
割拜殿 石上神宮攝社出雲建雄神社（國寶）（
There are a few other awards.
It claimed to be the life of Jeremias Gotthelf, narrated by himself, and this name was later adopted by the author as his pen name.
See page 189 for year of first recorded use of color name reference and page 43, Plate 10 Color Sample 7F for color sample of Apricot.
Bunların yaklaşık sadece % 5 ‘i radyo parlaması olup emisyonları, X-ışınlarında parlak ve gama ışınlarında ise orta düzeydedir.
在匈牙利，歌曲於2019年2月14日分別空降串流和銷售榜的第9和第40名 。
資來來源：公民監督國會聯盟國會週報第十五期。
Premium hizmetler arasında sınırsız indirme, bekleme yokluğu, azami indirme hızı vb.
She holds British, Canadian and American citizenship.
Emanuel Tov is married to Lika (née Aa).
The Henry Miller Memorial Library.
Daha İyi Sosyal Olanaklar: Eğitim seviyesinin yükselmesi kentleşmenin önde gelen faydaları arasındadır.
The final episode of Chelsea Lately aired on August 26, 2014.
Folk music was sung by people as they worked.
A catalyst may participate in many chemical reactions.
File Explorer, formerly called Windows Explorer, has a new ribbon bar interface.
With the purchase in 1964 of 126 Speedee Mart franchised convenience stores in California, the company entered the franchise business.
The name "symbolist" itself was first used by the critic Jean Moréas, who invented it to distinguish the symbolists from similar styles of literature and art.
獨立電視台亦在1966年參與了香港電視集團（
Yaşlı Amy, Doktor'a iki Amy'yi de alırsa bunu kabul edeceğini söyler.
They are lateral extensions of a single cell, and invisible to the naked eye and light microscope.
The village came into international media attention in August 2008.
Another scheme which is CBCC are looking to implement is a green wedge scheme.
Fakat sonuncusunda yarım senelik görev süresinin ardından yerine Caspar Einem getirilmiştir.
The rest of the sub-continent was administered by a large number of princely rulers under the supreme authority of Britain.
Nitra is a city with special history.
Top are medusae, or jellyfish; bottom are polyps.
Lexington, by Boston, was foaled in 1850 and was the greatest sire of the 1800s.
Dizi bu görüntüden sonra sezon finaline girer.
If the sperm count is too low, a man could increase it with herbal and chemical supplements.
Introduction to the Human Body, fifth ed. John Wiley & Sons, Inc.: New York, 2001.
Italian Immigrant brothers Bruno and Sergio Costa founded a coffee roastery in Lambeth, London, in 1971, supplying local caterers.
播出时间 17:00 - 19:00 （2集连播）
The design of cars differs from team to team.
By 1994 it was a comfortable, technologically advanced operational base.
Caviar is a luxury food.
Boşandığı eşinden Zeynep Penelope adında bir kız çocuğu vardır.
In fact, experiencing a significant increase of their numbers, they begin to open new locations to alleviate their main campuses.
The obvious candidates for magnetospheric plasma-absorbing matter are neutral gas and dust, but the quantities required to explain the seen decrease in electrons are far higher than Cassini's measurements allow.
In 1887 a new concealed hammer design for police was made.
A Levels are a requirement for most universities if the student wishes to proceed to degree level education.
在2012年春晚当中，在39个节目中，语言类节目只有7个，没了赵本山的春晚更像是台“K歌演唱会”。“
OSB can be easily identified by its visible wood strands.
While the game has many similarities with the Souls series, there are also some big differences as well.
The general membership of the party elected Johnson as the leader by postal ballot on 22 July 2019.
While earlier designs were more ornamental, vehicles from this period are simpler and more affordable.
The cellulase breaks down the cellulose found in plant material.
He is best known for being a paragon of far reaching adventures and masculinity.
澤爾團隊更進一步的分子研究在2008年出版，顯示出3個基因群，外加在美國東南部松樹、山胡桃木、松樹組成的森林中，所發現到的第4個物種、和2個以上在加州聖克魯茲島的物種，在遺傳學上很明顯地被描述出每個基因群是分開的物種；因此毒蠅傘現今被認為是一個隱性的物種複合群 citation 。
The school did have a football team from 1965 until 1970.
In 2013, he married teacher Cydnee Seyler.
The Reformation: A History.
He was succeeded by his younger brother Alfred.
On October 14, hurricane notices were put up for Bermuda when the storm began heading their direction.
Anguirus as seen in the 1955 movie Godzilla Raids Again.
Squidward goes back to his house.
She also won the Austrian women's championship in 2010 and 2011.
She gave up her dream of becoming a model and is hired by Kareena Luthra (Usha Bachani) to manage various functions at the Luthra House.
Her height is as same as five apples and her weight is as same as three apples.
不过，语言与生物有机体的不同之处在于，语言在扩散的过程中因为要与其他语言的说话者接触，所以很容易融入其他语言的元素。
If the cells show changes, known as cytopathic effects, then a culture is positive, meaning the test indicates infection.
It can also mean a specific group of people who interact, as well as a wider society of which they are members.
本集是卡特第三次出任剧集导演 citation ，他决定使用黑白胶片拍摄，以此向詹姆斯·惠尔致敬，但带来的难度要超出预期。
当日上午，北京警方发布通告，指嫌犯孙文斌已被警方刑拘 citation 。25日凌晨，民航总医院再次发布公告称女医生因伤势过重，在25日零时50分抢救无效去世 citation 。
Historically L'Île-aux-Marins was a separate commune.
Also, Germany and Japan did not plan for a long war and had no ability to do so.
Several weeks later, in early 1975, a government agency known as the Mass Transport Provisional Authority was established to take charge of the project.
The company began as a shoe retailer and expanded its inventory to include clothing, accessories, handbags, jewelry, cosmetics, and fragrances.
Cyber Security for SCADA Systems.
He was also a world champion rodeo cowboy, stuntman, and rancher.
Interest is paid according to a rate called an interest rate.
Smaller turns than Super G or Downhill are made because distance between gates is short.
This is used both in the SI (metric system) world as well as where English units are used.
It is also called the Manding Empire or Manden Kurufa.
He tells people how he tricked Brünnhilde and swears that a sword lay between them during the night, although Brünnhilde tries to make people think otherwise.
His hits included Rescue Me and Nite and Day.
He started his editing and acting career at DreamWorks.
The standard strategy then is for Black to mount a counter-attack on the White centre.
In mathematics, an ordered pair is a collection of two objects, where one of the objects is first (the first coordinate or left projection), and the other is second (the second coordinate or right projection).
This, too, was unusual.
His career as a player began in 1949 and ended in 1974.
The Mexican burrowing toad (Rhinophrynus dorsalis) is a frog.
Being a step up from the Sonata, the Azera is the most luxurious model sold by Hyundai outside of Korea.
Her husband who mourned her greatly died six days later, having caught the measles from his wife.
，致使現代化的方圓社壓倒性的將四家弄得銷聲匿跡；如此壓力下，從小養尊處優的秀悅漸感不消，最後精神異常。
同年五月十四日兒子誕生，取名亞歷山大‧齊格飛‧罗严克拉姆以紀念摯友跟同盟軍最後一位宇宙艦隊總司令，是為第二代皇帝繼承人。
Instead, he called for a special session of the Legislative Assembly to pass a bill which had been overlooked in the last (25th Biennial) Session.
Earlier they were worn by rich zamindars of India.
He considers human thought processes to be based on social interactions and language.
The river drains an area of convert which is about 6% of Virginia.
Nevertheless, there are lists of warning signs such as when sexual activity affects a person's ability to function in everyday life, or is placing them at risk, for example, of pursuing illegal or destructive activities.
In their 2010 report Osted described the school as 'caring'.
Pablo Casado Blanco (born 1 February 1981) is a Spanish politician.
It is a fusion from Lunala and Necrozma.
Big Willy Unleashed has released on February 25, 2008.
Quantum electrodynamics was able to describe the interactions particles in detail.
Maltipoos should be kept inside, they cannot be outside for too long.
本系列每年都維持數百萬的觀影人數與數十億日圓的票房收入，總觀影人數於2013年正式突破1億人，
This kind of dance and music is called murga.
Saleh was known for his roles in Nos arnab, Salam Ya Sahby, Al-Suqout Fi Bir Sabe, and in Ameer Al-Zalaam.
The canopy is like a huge green roof over the forest.
The Times closed their review with, "It was a live performance of a legendary musical that felt muted and a little sad."
Ultimately, he lost when he entered a Loser Leaves Town Match in a steel cage.
，奥地利、西德、意大利形成了非宗教的统一的工会联合会，宗教工会仅在比利时、荷兰和卢森堡等国具有较为普遍的代表性。
For the start of this pilot episode, Edith and Archie are singing "Those were the Days" the same way it would be for the rest of the show.
This main-belt asteroid was found by A. Massinger at Heidelberg January 24, 1914.
It was natural that in the hot places of Egypt and Mesopotamia refreshing water gardens should be found.
Cin'in de yardımıyla Alaaddin artık bir prenstir.
After the Dark Ages, there was the Middle Ages.
E195, the biggest version of the type in the colours of Lufthansa Regional.
Religion can support antinatalism.
The changes that occur are greatest where the magma comes into contact with the rock.
Although Ulala Session got the title of the competition, they kept their popularity after the Audition.
Chloroquine kills the Plasmodium in the blood.
Earning 33 nominations, Prince has won seven Grammys.
This energy is usually heat, but sometimes force is used to make a weld.
蟲體前端有口，口的周圍有一冠狀物，稱“總擔”，
This shows the music played by all the instruments, so there are many staves written underneath one another.
They are part of the water vascular system of echinoderms.
The series began with the episode "The Impossible Astronaut" and ended with "The Wedding of River Song".
Hollanda'da Caroline'le birlikte dolandırıcılık yaparken Caroline'in ihanetine uğramış ve hapse girmiştir.
It is not clear whether the site was inhabited in prehistoric times.
After assessing the patient's psychosocial needs, the medical social worker determines that the patient does not have the ability to manage at home safely even with the intervention of a home care worker.
The largest mosque in the world of its time, Badshahi Mosque was a great achievement during Aurangzeb's reign.
Because of this, bats can change their direction while flying or fly in any pattern they want: this makes it easier to catch their food.
In 1687 he wrote more theatre music.
They were presumably Muslims who had entered Pakistan from India.
The park includes woodland trails, playing fields, a beach, golf course, and a boat harbor.
They were formed in the Pennsylvanian, from about 315–300 million years years ago.
It is between the Royal Palace of La Almudaina and the episcopal palace.
In 2006, Crocker drove full time in the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series.
Camara was appointed as Minister of Higher Education and Scientific Research on 17 November 1997.
Mother Brain is the main antagonist in the Metroid franchise.
They called it Ebonics, but the term often has a negative connotation.
The Bible says that alcohol is a blessing from God that makes people happy, but it can also be dangerously and sinfully used.
It is also called in Zh; which means "Democratic State of Taiwan".
Was captivated by the game many fans been released pleasure to fly comfortably and flight such as a jet battle scene will be deployed in 3D!
A rivet is then put in the holes, and the blacksmith hammers on the rivet to make the heads at each end of the rivet.
He was frequently taken out and beaten, including once (on 16th September), with pieces of planking until he was unconscious.
Another special case is where the contact angle is exactly 180°.
Geleneksel olarak Yukarı Celile (İbranice: גליל עליון‎‎ Galil Elyon) ve Aşağı Celile (İbranice: גליל תחתון‎‎ Galil Tahton) olmak üzere ikiye ayrılır.
：“比赛需要由两支球队共同表演，而布鲁日看起来仅关心于维持比分。
Since the development of fast production of gene and protein sequences during the 1990s, the rate of addition of new sequences to the databases increases all the time.
They turned to Cosworth to development the engine.
，在女双準决赛以0比2（10-21、8-21）
此路線於2015年12月19日投入服務，
此次比赛共有来自43个国家和地区的966名运动员参加，规模创下历届纪录 citation 。
Birçok televizyon projesinin kadrosuna dahil oldu.
The parents have the same family name.
A priest has blessed this bread.
He played for James Bay and UBCOB Ravens (British Columbia Rugby Union).
所谓1至9九个数字，横竖都有3个格，思考怎么使每行、每列两个对角线上的三数之和都等于15。
İsviçre Federal İdare Mahkemesi binası.
It was a poor district.
Jawahar Nagar has been the choice of residence for multiple eminent personalities.
Sparrows are small birds.
The highlight of IR spectroscopy is that it is very useful in identifying functional groups of organic molecules.
雖然行動部隊遭到KVA伏擊而損失慘重，傑克與伊羅娜仍成功殺死哈帝斯，但哈帝斯斷氣前交出一枚記憶晶片並表示「艾恩斯是知情的」（Irons knows）。
It was built using the funds raised by Moratuwa Municipal Council to the amount of Rupees 50 Lakhs and 15 laks by the Japanese Organization "World Expansion conservative".
Lip gloss can also have shimmer, tints, glitter and flavor.
The pro-slavery people threatened violence, but they left.
NHL star defenceman Sheldon Souray is of Métis ancestry.
，重建道场，世称“红螺彻悟”。
赫赫楚国，而君临之，抚有蛮夷，奄征南海，以属诸夏，而知其过，可不谓共乎？
，特拉華鎮區人口有1,939人，其中男性有938人，女性有1,001人，
Canopus is too far away for Earth-based parallax observations to be made, so the star's distance was not known with certainty until the early 1990s.
Smith and his team flew to England; then across the Atlantic to North America; then to California.
If they play in an AL park, the NL can use a DH.
Near the mouth, Brenta is joined in the locality "Ca' Pasqua" by the Bacchiglione river.
When it was first built, it was the second-tallest building in the world.
He thought that if a person can speak their mother tongue, then they can learn to play a musical instrument.
Rumen taarruzu 12 Eylül'de yeniden başladı.
Beef cattle and sheep are major industries in the agricultural plains.
Since then, she has received consistent critical praise for her innovative vocal and compositional approaches, musical experimentation, and art direction, and is recognized as one of the best singer-songwriters of her generation.
The Ottoman Empire responded to the Arab Congress by punishing Arab nationalists.
On December 4, 1920, the Red Army entered Yerevan, the government of Armenian Republic effectively stopped working.
In the first game, The BSC Young Boys played against the Olympique Marseille.
Their word for the mountain was Bunnin Yowang which meant "big hill like knee".
早期朋克的服装赋予日常物品以美学价值，比如将衣物撕裂再系以别针或捆带，使用颜料在衣物上作画和装饰，把黑色的垃圾塑料袋作为衬衫或衣裙，把扣针、剃须刀等作为饰物，
"Observations at convergent margins concerning sediment subduction, subduction erosion, and the growth of continental crust."
In 2007, Lee fired guitarist John LeCompt and drummer Rocky Gray announced he was quitting the band shortly after.
Gin is still one of the most popular liquors to this day.
期中考實戰測驗與峰田一組對戰午夜時分，逃脫通過但因一上場便被午夜時分攻擊至昏迷所以仍遭判定為不及格。
He then got a scholarship to study conducting at the University of Aberdeen.
Part Two introduces Margarita, the Master's mistress, who refuses to despair of her lover or his work.
This persons were the head of a Gau or of a Reichsgau.
They often live in semi-aquatic or inhabit humid areas.
專輯於發行首日就在HANTEO Chart售出超過3萬4千張，刷新韓國女團出道作發行首日的最高銷售紀錄。
Some camera lenses have a bokeh that looks like it "swirls" around the subject, often called swirly bokeh, it is used in portrait photography, and is caused by lens defects, though some special camera lenses are designed to have it.
After few years, she met William Harrison, a young army officer.
They all have broad, triangular heads with large eyes and a slender body.
It is at 51° 20 North, 04° 45 East.
Since it has a half-life of 3 to 5 minutes, the infusion has to be continuous (24/7), and interruption can be fatal.
The assignments grew more complex over time, starting with a simple everyday object and progressing to complete environments.
Küresel yıldız kümelerinin galaksideki ilk yıldızların üretildiği yer gibi görünmesine rağmen, galaksi evrimindeki kökenleri ve rolleri hala açık değil.
They live in wetlands with large numbers of plants in them, sometimes near humans.
最终的二进制代码被存储在一个缓冲区（Buffer）中。
Proceedings of the Ninth International Dakhleh Oasis Project Conference: Papers Presented in Honour of Anthony J. Mills, edited by Gillian E. Bowen and Colin A. Hope, by Bruce E. Parr et al., IX, Oxbow Books, Oxford; Philadelphia, 2019, pp. 171–180.
Then the number "1" votes for each candidate are counted.
Jake has a laid-back attitude in most situations, but loves adventure and is in a relationship with Lady Rainicorn voiced by Niki Yang; they have five children together.
She screams as Ben grabs her feet with his hook and hand and pulls her under leaving her fate unknown.
Oia, 19. yüzyılın sonlarında ve 20. yüzyılın başlarında refahının zirvesine ulaştı.
Iodic acid is the only stable oxidizing halogen acid.
Bad Brother", although contextually it refers to an older male friend).
He said of himself "the father of the intelligent design movement".
Also, "Chase" is a near homonym to "Chaste".
Starting in the 1800s, the Spanish colonized the Navajo territory as part of Mexico.
In his life, Trimble has worked in the newspaper business for over fifty years.
Visitors to Turkey are often surprised by the importance given to Atatürk in present-day Turkey.
She was a very good science fiction writer.
Donanma ise Mısır, Kilikya ve Fenike ile bastırılan ayaklanmadan sonra yeniden Pers hakimiyetine giren Kıbrıs gemilerinden oluşturuldu.
They are usually seen in the high latitudes (
The short story described microscopic medical machines.
Having made up the losses, Citadel could once again charge client fees for managing their money and take a percentage of profits.
Mondrian painted about 250 of these geometric abstracts, from 1917 to 1944.
比吉斯（1992年，相片經過裁剪）
梁州大姓互相嫉妒，說頵年老耳聾，侃召頵還，以西陽太守蔣巽代之。
'nın üyesi olan ve şehrin savunmasını olması gereken standartların altında tutan vali David Komnenos ile alakalı birçok soru doğmasına neden olan olaydır.
琉球通過轉口貿易獲得巨額利潤，那霸港因此而極度繁榮。
Nelson had put his ships into two lines.
Rita is dissatisfied with the routine of her work.
The quality of produce is affected by how many times have peppers being harvested.
再有，“小張”、“小王”可以兒化表示亲切，但“老張”、“老王”（表尊重）、“小李”、“老李”（意义易转变）都不兒化。
However, he collected hundreds of plants.
Earthworms typically live in damp (but not wet), loose soil.
This was because some older Black Americans still feel this is the word that describes them.
Thus, nothing else remains for us but brutal force.
Level 3 is characterized by very small off-site impact, although related to severe spread of contamination on-site / acute health effects to a worker (or more).
The function of the holes is to improve jaw movements, and to reduce the weight of the skull.
剧组面临着确保有关闭康坎铁路路段权限的并发症，即取得拍摄许可证的类似问题，跟《
Internet Explorer is also a user interface for FTP, with operations similar to that of Windows Explorer.
Line 12 is different from all other lines.
没收这些农村武装的目的在于解除农村武装。
In the play, Merman sang a song George Gershwin wrote just for her.
This period started in February 1384 and ended in August 1387.
Origin of the name Patnitop is a distortion of the original name of "Patan Da Talab" meaning "Pond of the Princess".
The Country Music Association Awards, also known as the CMA Awards, or the CMAs, are music awards voted on by business members of the Country Music Association.
It is a symbol of an idea such as an object, thing or quality.
居數日，國麟疏不至，乃特詔左遷，留京師待缺。
Soyadı olan Zîrek, Kürtçe'de hamarat, çalışkan anlamına gelmektedir.
A pharmacist is a health care provider who usually works at a pharmacy.
This is because ArenaNet wanted the players to have fun the entire time they were playing Guild Wars 2. The player's level can also change depending on where in the world the player is.
Why do we no longer see magnetic monopoles in our universe?
Zarqa is a city in Jordan.
"Hacı Oğlu Salih" başlıklı şiirinde Salih Hacıoğlu'nun hikâyesini anlatır.
The music was written by Albert Von Tilzer.
通报称，此次漏水原因为隧道该处已启用过的注浆孔堵头脱落所致，并提出了注浆孔漏水处置建议方案。
Locally these are named dzongkhags.
，在跳神降乩中，假借神谕，指定的活佛转世灵童大多出自蒙古王公或西藏的大贵族之家，有的甚至还是“吹冲”家族中人。
New Mexico's population is 2,096,829 as of the July 1, 2019 population estimate from the U.S. Census Bureau.
Raith Rovers were knocked out by Bayern München, but managed to lead 1-0 at half time.
The next year, Richard tried to make a comeback into baseball, but the stroke had slowed down his reaction time and vision.
Lucerne with mount Pilatus in the background.
But that didn't sound quite right to the boys, and the also didn't quite work out.
Fishermen living in the area say the park management killed the fishermen on purpose.
It is then formed into a ball.
Shell believes this justifies the cost of the ship.
Many animals have mate-selection courtship rituals.
As heiress to four duchies, Modena and Reggio from her father and Massa and Carrara from her mother, she was a very attractive candidate for marriage.
She acted in the 2005 Chinese movie The Myth. In 2010, Hisss was released.
Thought experiments in science and philosophy.
求学经历（1938年—1948年）
For example, the outermost fibres of the shoots are the coarsest - they are good for tablecloths.
With an area of 130,058 km 2 and over 62 million people.
On 18 August 2006, Andaman district was bifurcated into two districts: North and Middle Andaman district and South Andaman district.
This is a tracking category for disambiguation pages.
If the diver swims upward the air in the BCD will expand because the water pressure is less, and the diver must let some air out or float to the surface.
Olonhohutların anlattığı bu hikayeler, bir zincir oluşturarak genel bir Olonho çatısında toplanır.
On the website, users can "
The Addamses rush to save Morticia.
The word nucleus is from 1704, meaning “kernel of a nut”.
As well as the Thames Barrier, the smaller gates along the Thames Tideway must be closed.
In: Key Thinkers on Space and Place.
This is called a nocturnal emission or a wet dream.
Her nickname, Eri-chan, was given to her by Keiko.
Aeromexico currently has 63 airplanes and goes to 58 cities.
This movie is based on the 1954 play of the same name.
Abrictosaurus had more widely-split cheek teeth, with lower crowns, more similar to other early ornithischians.
's assassination, often used saffron dyes to provide hues of yellow and orange.
Now suppose the number of male graduates was 30% of the total male adults (imaginary figures).
France fell into an unprecedented political crisis.
In late July of 2018, Johnson was thinking about running in the 2018 U.S. Senate race in New Mexico after Land Commissioner Aubrey Dunn Jr., was dropping out of the race. citation Dunn then formally withdrew from the race on July 30.
Doctors then started working together and coming up with better ideas.
That cousin now skates competitively as a synchronized skater.
該星同时為海洋三號監視監測衛星的試驗星。
Even though the M1 carbine looks similar to the M1 Garand, the two guns are actually very different.
Certain animals send out signals to the others that they will soon go to sleep.
In 2015, Lesbians in Tech received a $165,000 award from the Arrillaga-Andreessen Foundation.
，晚清思想家、儒学家、教育家、学者、诗人。
It is at 51° 07 North, 05° 04 East.
Holding, 1996 yılında Zorlu Enerji ile enerji sektörüne adım atarak şirketlerinin sayısını artırmıştır.
Carlton Melson was eventually replaced by Rob McKillop, with Keith Stewart being replaced by Paul Baloff.
The bars in the cross should be 1/5 (i.e., 20%) the width of the flag.
Liqueurs may also be used in cooking.
He was already friends with the younger Professor Da Ponte, who was in his 30s at the time.
He left Newell's Old Boys' youth team in September 2000 and moved with his family to Europe in February 2001.
他亦建議國民避開集會地點 citation 。
They will keep for at least a week if stored in an airtight container.
That way, they could make it sound like wiping out the culture of Native Americans was a good thing.
In addition to providing slow-burning complex carbohydrates, lentils are one of the best vegetable sources of iron.
He was a very important chief and fought for the freedom of Native Americans.
It was Benois who introduced Fokine to Diaghilev.
The castle was written on the UNESCO Heritage list in 1999.
They found the new cloud architecture resulted in significant internal efficiency improvements.
如果有咬合不良的情況，則會對牙齒及肌肉等造成問題。
All of the proposals were rejected by ojudges.
About halfway it reformed and became a tropical depression again on September 22 and shortly later, it became a tropical storm again.
By 1853 the goldrushes had made some poor people very rich.
The first known use of the word was in 1981, which makes it relatively new.
The median age is 36 years.
Amersfoort (2005), p. 168 He thought a defence line could be set up in North Brabant with the help of the French.
NET Framework class library are able to work with CLS.
In Chrudim Regional Museum is Kabinet ex libris, where you can admire a huge collection of books.
Holst wrote the work over the time period from 1918 to 1922.
In 2018, over 300.000 people lived in the city.
They have not actively sought establishment of a separate state.
At age 29, she was the youngest person to ever serve in that position.
It had three episodes aired on Spike TV in 2003 but the last three episodes were unaired until a DVD release.
The Duke of Burgundy was married to Edward's sister Margaret, so he was willing to help raise more troops.
In his book Separation of Power, Vince Flynn describes Uday's behavior.
Documentary film, biographical sketch on Osvaldo Bayer.
Black shows all three Saiyans his new transformation: Super Saiyan Rosé a pink haired Super Saiyan.
需要签证方可进入申根区的旅行者须持多次入境签证进入安道尔，因为进入安道尔即视为离开申根区 citation 。
He graduated from Mogilev Regional Lyceum No. 3, economic and legal profile.
He was sentenced to an eternity of rolling a big round rock up a hill, only to watch it roll back down.
He received the Tamil Nadu Government's literary award for the best Novel for 2011 for his work on tannery workers of Southern Tamil Nadu titled "Thol".
'ya giden ana konvansiyonel yük ve yolcu treni rotasıdır.
另一方也有觀察野鳥，收集玩偶等正常興趣。
Any floating object displaces its own weight of fluid.
The disagreement over the pronunciation led to heated Internet debate.
He is a defender who normally plays in the centre, but can play on the right of defence or in midfield.
The camp's staff had to burn thousands of bodies in open fire pits.
Two of the most infamous ones are on the Andaman islands and Hijli Detention Camp.
在创建该图像时，VisIt利用该数据集的Mach（
，最终于2019年11月23日正式出道。
On 14 April, he was officially elected.
The reason samples are needed is that populations may be so large that counting all the individuals may not be possible or practical.
", co-written with Wonder was recorded in 1965 with reports saying it was based on a rhythm he had been humming and during recording the lyrics were sung back to Wonder as they were unavailable in Braille and that he "never missed a beat".
現在藤井系統中較為主流的變化是作為對付居飛車穴熊而進行的新研究，可說是新的版本。
，封长乐县子，食邑五百户，出任玉壁总管府长史。
The town was started around the year 600 BC.
The first mosques had no minarets.
In the 2013–14 season the team was very successful: They came in first place in the league and got to the round of 16 of the Europa League.
王囚箕子，殺王子比干，微子出奔。”
穿过沙漠后，他在加沙附近的两个村子达辛（Dathin）和巴丹（Badan）与拜占庭帝国的加沙指挥官会谈sfn，谈判很快破裂，634年2月4日，阿姆鲁击败了敌军，史称main，胜利后，
This is a medical device that is placed into the heart.
Uzunca bir aradan sonra Sivas'ın adını taşıyacak bir kulübün yeniden oluşturulması yolundakı çalışmalar, 1950 yılında başlamış ve 27 Temmuz 1950 tarihinde Sivas Gençlik Kulübü resmen kurulmuştur.
Her mother later remarried.
This was when the district merged into the A-H-S-T Community School District.
He was the father of Earl G. Graves Jr.
A patriarch was the head of an extended family, originally.
They can grow to 8 inches (20 cm) in length.
第三架F-35A（編號AF-2）於2010年4月20日試飛。
The Shanghai Museum in People's Square in Huangpu District is a place for people to learn more about Chinese culture.
Ağustos başında Gelibolu Yarımadası'nın kuzeyine yapılan ikinci müttefik çıkarması da Anafartalar Muharebeleri ile durduruldu.
A club from Portugal was in the list for the first time.
Many man-made satellites have been sent to Venus to study it.
In other cases, the federal government has jurisdiction.
The symbols usually show a change in sound, but in some cases (
最早關於米尔海姆的記載是1093年，
There are three ways that Down syndrome is caused.
But Zerlina's "Batti, batti" and Anna's "Or sai chi l'onore" are quite different.
Kris tears into their chest and rips out their soul, throwing it into a birdcage in the corner of the room.
Enron used to have around 22,000 people before it went bankrupt in late 2001.
The player faces against opponents in head-to-head matches.
In 2000, the number of people in Palatine was counted and was 65,479.
This episode has continuity through other episodes, so Mark will always live on Earth until the show creators decide to change this.
Channel news Asia.
The parent body of Marie Stopes Clinics round the world is now called Marie Stopes International.
He may have thrown them away, thinking that they were not very good.
The Oh-My-God particle was a really tiny portion of matter or energy (undefined) moving incredibly fast.
Since sapphire is the second hardest mineral in the hardness scale, it is sometimes used as a polishing tool.
He was a central player in golden era in the clubs history.
Sadrazam ortaya çıkan ciddi çatışmaları ve buna karşı çıkan Rumeli ayanını el altından destekleyip bu eylemleri koordine etmeye başlamıştır.
The show follows seven women.
The sculpture was commissioned in 2003.
Sami Hadawi'nin toprak ve nüfus anketinde, 1945'te, Gazze'nin nüfusu, 80 tanesi Yahudi olmak üzere, 34.250 kişiydi.
They also wrote that NASA sometimes did unsafe things because people would get angry if the shuttle launches were delayed.
This is known as the Great Siege of Malta.
这个定理的证法多得不胜枚举，至今仍然被数学热爱者研究，在考试中时有出现各种变形。
Raffaele "Lele" Pinto (13 April 1945 – 8 December 2020) was an Italian rally driver.
Despite popularity of Lee Hyori, the acting ability was criticized.
'nın ardından Suriye topraklarının hakimiyetini kazanmış ve Suriye'nin kuzeybatısında dört "kardeş" şehir kurmaya başlamıştır.
The Aeolian Islands: standing on Vulcano, Lipari in the middle, Salina at the left, Panarea at the right.
Bazı nöbetlerden önce korku hissi gibi olağan dışı algılamalar ortaya çıkarken, bazı nöbetlerde kişinin ağzı köpürebilir veya yere düşebilir.
During the season on January 22, 2010, Skinner was re-called but did not debut with the Avalanche.
何金龙为代表 ，另外還有石蓮池、王石發、王保原、葉鬃、
He is supposed to be the son of king Dagobert II and Gesela de Raze, a Visigothic princess.
從受到影響的第三方角度來看，這些影響可能是負面的（例如工廠排放污染），也有可能是正面的（採蜜的蜂群也會附帶給鄰近植物授粉）。
'ın başarılarında Dejan'ın büyük katkısı olduğunu ileri sürmektedirler.
桥梁中间砌有台阶，两侧有石质栏杆，桥面两侧距栏杆1.5米以内的位置铺设有无障碍通道。
The officers have to work together to prove their innocence.
兔子猛力一跳，終於跳到了對岸，但當牠回過頭時，牠已經深在一處海邊、背後也是一片汪洋。
，1982年3月30日 － ），
Both the wood vessels and the gourds must undergo curing to get a better taste before being used for the first time and to ensure the long life of the gourd.
The community was founded at the same time the post office was established.
He was sentenced to six months in jail and four months of home detention.
He immediately chose Clay to be his Secretary of State.
Jimmy Ward's son, Pete Ward, played nine seasons of professional baseball, winning TSN Rookie Of The Year honors in 1963 while playing for the Chicago White Sox.
Spain national team.
並從以禮部為審核的中心，改為以地方監察單位，包括按察使、
Einherjarlarrın miğferleri boynuzludur ve bu boynuzlar iki yarrım dairre oluşturacak şekilde yukarı kıvrılır.gibi üzerinde metal bir zırhı vardır.
，是第3大隊中第一位獲得此榮譽者。
In 2012 the game board was available on-line in a color reprint of the original.
Data positions use a quadratic raster of a width of convert.
Roger Collins, Early Medieval Europe; 300–1000, Second Edition (New York: St. Martin's Press, 1999), p. 187 He was able to put together a confederacy of a number of smaller kingdoms and from that he created Mercia.
When they need electricity, they usually produce it themselves, often with diesel-powered engines.
They then published two more books on parenthood.
Wheelchair curling starts on 10 March.
暖暖壺穴為基隆河中游之壺穴地形，
The local attorney David Wills was the person who mostly bought the land, managed the building of the cemetery, and planned its ceremony.
The current president of Nauru is Lionel Aingimea.
She was a member of the Phi Beta Kappa and Sigma Xi honor societies.
These needs eventually go down as time goes by.
Native Americans who lived on the island.
His real name is Richard David James.
Neurons take messages to and from the CNS to the rest.
In 2016, the Center for Inquiry merged with the Richard Dawkins Foundation for Reason and Science to become the largest secularist organization in the U.S. citation The organization was started by humanist philosopher Paul Kurtz.
She was outlived by her son, Danny.
儘管國民軍在數量上略遜於當地的共和軍，但他們裝備精良，也沒有像共和軍已因為特魯爾戰役疲憊不堪，嚴重耗損 Herbert L. Mathews, Half of Spain Died, A Reappraisal of the Spanish Civil War,（1973），第15頁至第16頁 。
For example, when the Queen appoints a new Bishop or Lord Lieutenant she announces her choice at a meeting of the Privy Council.
Parotoid glands are normal and healthy parts of the animals that have them.
Türkiye'de de yarış ve yetiştiriciliğin jokey kulüp aracılığı ile düzenlenmesi düşüncesi 1909 yılında kurulan Osmanlı Jokey Kulübü ile eyleme dönüştürülmek istenmiş ama bu kulübün çalışmaları hakkında net bilgiler bulunmamaktadır.
The history of martial arts is long.
She originally studied English, but switched her major to biology in January 1928.
、姐线、顺哈一带，睒中弹吉在瑞丽城区一带，睒尾福禄培在瑞丽东北的勐刀、弄坎一带cfn。
It is set in a futuristic post-climate change society.
A car has wheels which spin forwards.
The Nurse tries to comfort her.
Jeff Merkey was the only one in the Democratic primary and there were four people in the Republican Party primary.
Eastern Yar catchment etc.
Super Imaginative Chogokin 模型的一系列模型小説，於《月刊 Hobby Japan》連載。
As they were working together in a team as “Genin" (which means rookie ninja), Naruto showed him what friendship and companionship were.
Ayna deneyleri hayvanlar için kolay değildir.
Guidelines for the use of the flag have been relaxed in recent years to encourage greater usage.
In fact, an article from "Novi list"' argued that a Jew could not be save by converting to the Roman Catholicism.
Factories that made equipment for mining slowly changed into engineering and manufacturing businesses.
Child Health Research Project Special Report.1999.
Yolanda's father was killed when she was only 12 years old.
除此之外，原本的大保加利亞被分割成兩部份，
During printing, water adhered to the gum arabic surfaces and avoided the oily parts, while the oily ink used for printing did the opposite.
This is because the woman may be bleeding heavily.
She tells her to kill the priest Sarastro.
There are numbers of countries in world claiming democratic country / states but in reality are under diarchs.
His wife was Shana'Kin Yaxchel Pacal "Green Jay on the Wall" of Lakamha.
By 1974, Ferruccio had become disenchanted with his car business.
Mauss is also known for inspiring future work on topics such as exchange theory and economic anthropology.
Clapton was raised believing his mother was his sister.
Arayüz motorları Arayüz ortamının tepesine inşa edilir.
After having met Lucie, some historians think that Rommel also had an affair with a woman called Walburga Stemmer in 1913, and they had a daughter named Gertrud.
The music of Austria includes many different types of music.
Jeremiah Wilson "Jay" Nixon (born February 13, 1956) is an American politician.
The four basic types of personality Series: CONNECTIONS.
The Resident Commissioner of Puerto Rico is elected every four years.
With that information, the GPS receiver can also determine elevation.
Although the beer is not brewed in Maryland anymore, 95% of sales are still in Baltimore.
，近乎原封不動地應用於柏師永久校舍，但柏師教職員表示不同意（例如1970年上任的院長張伯倫，向工務司署要求在柏師新校興建體育館但不得要領），最終導致永久校舍要到1974年才完工。
For most of the 1900s, the Soviet Union was a superpower.
The language of Rome has influenced many cultures.
EBU, 21 Ocak 2016 tarihinde yarışmanın resmi tele oylama sponsoru Digame tarafından 37 ülke 6 küreye ayrılmıştır.
He won Gawad Urian Award for Best Supporting Actor in Sinong Kapiling?
Active research is being done on their relationships.
The school occupies an area of more than convert.
Evasion is the act of avoiding something.
All its related families (
They can grow in many places, as long as it is not too cold.
Dominant languages in South Africa.
Going backwards, the left foot ends up to the right of the right foot and slightly in front of it.
In 2012, he lived in Carrizal de Wit, Las Palmas, Canary Islands.
Sexual interests change in many species when exposed to stressors.
This would have been the eastern side.
Eric Robert Greitens (born April 10, 1974) is an American politician, author, humanitarian, and former Navy SEAL.
In the summer of 2003, Elveden Forest reopened.
It has about 2370 students and 120 teachers.
He was the author of over 110 scientific works, including many monographs.
The stadium was used for the 2012 UEFA Champions League Final.
An animation showing the relationship between pressure and volume.
He was given a prize for this book at the 1876 Philadelphia Exposition.
She let it go and it wandered about Greece.
One such program was the Foster Grandparent Program.
She played Amanda Wingfield, who had a southern American accent.
The war has three sides.
It is not known for sure when fire was first controlled by humans.
，位于彭冢湖支流大路港上，建于1975年。
It was later defeated by Imperial forces.
The title Caliph (خليفة) was claimed by Abd-ar-Rahman III on January 16, 929; he was previously known as the Emir of Córdoba (أمير قرطبة).
为南疆各铸钱局中规模最大、铸期最长、年号最全、铸钱最多的钱局。
This never happens anywhere north of the Tropic of Cancer.
A closed surface is one which is limited, but has no boundary.
She died of heart problems at the age of 32.
A candle that is close to us appears brighter.
However, Karan gets defeated and almost killed.
Thirty-six of them are inhabited.
As a manager, Nomura has 1,565 wins.
大角鹿具有十分廣泛的棲息範圍，最西端可至大西洋，
These forms all have three distinct sections.
By September 12, Kilby had built a working model, and on February 6, Texas Instruments filed a patent.
The user will then play in a competition with other managers.
On February 13, 2015, Lay participated in the "LOVE TO GO HOME" community service.
從前朕曾經嚴傳諭旨，爾等不過一時小心，數日之後，漸就懈怠，此係膚所深知。
She does discussions, Q &A videos, and “Let’s Play” videos.
Sean, Liadan's brother and heir to Sevenwaters, wants to buy the Painted Man's fighting men in their long battle for the sacred islands.
Often a sniper can be invisible to an enemy standing right next to him.
He fought a demon (initially to get his chip removed) and got his soul back and helped save the world in the last episode ("Chosen").
The network is the company that provides the phone service.
You need to know what you are doing and why.
It became common for poets to write sonnets in connected series, called "sonnet sequences," to tell a story, often one about a love affair.
攀枝花南站站房建筑面积7999.2平方米，其中候车面积2850平方米，最多聚集人数2500人 citation 。
Gadsden County is part of the Tallahassee Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Maddox was then named as the new General Manager of Raw.
Kültürel biçimler, birçok öğenin etkilediği bir tarihsel gelişmenin sonucunda oluşmuştu.
Bu kilitlenme, ilerleme düşüncesinin tehlikeli aldatıcılığına işaret eden ama olgunlaşmayı da büsbütün yadsımayan bir Karanlık Aydınlanmaya da işaret ediyor.
It is the third largest city in the country.
He has had six wives (one of them killed herself in 2000) and has fathered more than twenty children.
It makes small objects look larger.
Columbia Chronologies of Asian History and Culture, p. 142.
Canids of the tribe Vulpini (foxes) are called "vulpines".
Other sizeable lakes include Burera, Ruhondo, Muhazi, Rweru, and Ihema.
Child population in the age group below 6 was 13,678 Males and 13,162 Females.
He was able to form a group of anti-labor members in 1916 and become premier a second time.
While many gairaigo came from English, Japanese has also invented many new words based off of English, but wouldn't be understood by native English speakers.
He completed his undergraduate studies and earned a degree in commerce from Nizam College, Osmania University.
There are some ways that help make lucid dreams more likely.
In the past, all cue sports were called billiards, but that term has various different meanings in different areas.
At the time, Gault was on probation.
The top thicker strings (i.e. strings one to four) are further wrapped in a thin silk thread, coiled around the core to make it smoother.
Göl suyu sırça gibi berraktır.
In May 2006, he received the Muscle Beach Hall of Fame Award.
Yayınlanır yayınlanmaz çok satanlar listesinden düşmeyen bu roman bütün Dünyada sayısız defalar basılmış ve bugüne kadar hiçbir zaman kitapçı raflarından eksilmemiştir.
但由于力量差距，他们的每次行动都无异于自杀，其中罗辑是他们的精神领袖。
He was really popular, but then people found that he cheated during his time at university.
Black paint was used because it was cheaper and lasted longer than other paints and Ford was obsessed with increasing profit.
"Close Orban Ally is Hungary's New President."
He was stretchered off the ice and was taken to the hospital.
The Wawel Cathedral and Kraków's castle are built on Wawel Hill.
He can also use it to create fissures in the ground, trapping anyone unlucky in the underworld.
In many cases, both the location's name and the demonym are created by using a suffix, for example England and English and Englishman.
It is a good wood for making ornaments, tool handles, kitchen utensils, furniture and parts of buildings.
In the past, the residents used the strength of the waterfalls for different works.
British Regional Geology: the Pennines and adjacent areas.
Şimdi giderek "onyıllardır süren tartışmanın bittiği konusunda emin" olduklarını bir rapor yazıyor.
"'Vote for OK' was snappier than using his Dutch name."
Kıbrıs'ta ve Kudüs'te ise küçük II.
》，谴责中華人民共和国政府在新疆侵害人权，包括强制性拘押多达一百万维吾尔人；呼吁立即关闭新疆的强制拘留营；呼吁国务卿考虑任命美国新疆问题特别协调员，协调美国对新疆暴行做出回应，并考虑对中華人民共和国政府、中共及安全部门中的人权侵害者实施针对性制裁。
They have won 18 championships, 22 national cups, 2 Asian Champions Cups Before joining the UEFA Israel was member of the Asian federation.
She married to the late Iranian nobleman Bijan, Prince of Esfandiari-Bakhtiari in Italy.
Donahue shouted at them to try to capture him.
Küresünniler'de düğünlere "toy" adı verilir.
传教士在1750年编写了第一部格陵兰语词典，1760年编写了第一部语法书。
Daha sonra sırasıyla Avni Dilligil, Özlem, Özlem Taşdelenler, Sezer Sezin Tiyatroları'nda oyunculuk yaptı.
It became a city in March 1960.
Bu özellik hızlı yazılım geliştirmeyi destekler.
五月天以專輯《自傳》入圍8項最多，評審團主席黃韻玲表示：「對我來講五月天雖然出道很久，但他一直在帶給你驚喜，聽得到他音樂的初衷。
This is often used to show movies and slide shows to an audience.
It is not known whether Shakespeare used a real bear, or whether it was an actor dressed as a bear.
It was reported missing at 02:40.
However, Del Toro has stated that the faun in the movie is not Pan.
This movie was released in September of 2002.
Kerouac had to make his own way home.
In the club's early years, a wide number of pitches and stadia were used.
In 2013, she co-founded Lightbox Pictures along with Wilson DaSilva, later the company teamed up with United Front Entertainment to distribute movie contents across Canadian media platforms.
The outside of the train is almost the same as the older C830, with slight differences such as a larger SMRT logo and the look of the train inside.
Lise yıllarında müzik okulunda keman eğitimi aldı.
Historical dances 12th to 19th century.
During the Reign of Terror, Danton changed his mind: He said that continuing the Reign of Terror was a bad idea, but other people disagreed.
"Stan Cohen was born in Perth Amboy, New Jersey."
However, three elements, Thorium, Protactinium, and Uranium, have a characteristic terrestrial isotopic composition, and thus their atomic mass given.
She creates a girlband with Gia and two other friends, but the band disbands, because of her schooling.
Map from 1685 showing the piers of the bridge.
從而尊敬帆村，成為了從年幼的時候便開始憧憬的TAKE FIVE的一員。
Dr. Watson admires Sherlock Holmes attention to detail and Holmes explains the importance of details that appear unimportant but can be crucial in solving a mystery.
In total, Friedrich Struve produced 272 astronomical works and 18 children; his great-grandson Otto, by contrast, produced 907 works but zero children.
乾隆五十八年（1793年）癸丑科三甲第44名進士，
A legsweep is a move where a wrestler drops to one knee and extends their other leg, they then quickly pivot their body around and using their extended leg to knock away the opponent’s legs.
Shaw; müzik, sanat ve tiyatro eleştirmeni olarak "Corno di Bassetto Mancare" mahlasıyla Wolverhampton Star’da, GBS mahlasıyla Dramatic Review (1885-1886), Our Corner (1885-1886) ve The Pall Mall Gazette’te (1885-1888) yazmıştır.
National Parks are established in about 7% of the total land area of the prefecture.
Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 164–176.
She was an unusual music start because she wore braces, was mixed race, and dressed differently.
After the wars, he moved to the United States.
There are 2 sites which are on a tentative list.
These include the famous short stories Ritter Gluck, Don Juan and the series called Kreisleriana (Johannes Kreislers, des Kapellmeisters musikalische Leiden, i.e. The musical suffering of the Director of Music Johannes Kreisler).
It first aired on 20 April 2009.
打算袭击姬，不过被夏伍德和弗兰西斯卡所阻止。
到達雲州時，已聚眾達萬人，軍營駐紮在鬥雞台，城中的內應捆绑了段文楚以應李克用的軍隊。
The donation was shared by Taylor for her celebration of her 74th birthday and to help NO/AIDS Task Force continue their work on fighting AIDS.
The squares on which bishops move, at 45 o to the ranks and files.
、形状一致的空间；这个空间如果再经过充填，又会形成一个与原来的壳大小相等、形状一致但是成分均一的实体，这样的实体就被称为外核。
Inuit ate both raw and cooked meat and fish, as well as the fetus's of pregnant animals.
The Nixon couple gave a lot of time and all the affection to their daughters despite official and other engagements.
，其中以彈奏結他最在行，能力不輸給職業結他手。
The meaning of the turquoise is prosperity.
A function that prints a number to the screen using BIOS interrupts written in NASM x86 assembly.
Sonraki yıllarda Türkiye ve Avusturya'da oynadı.
At the first performance, seventeen year old Sergei Legat appeared as the Nutcracker, twelve year old Stanislava Stanislavovna Belinskaya as Clara, and an unidentified child dancer as a Gingerbread Man.
The Jackson 5 started in Gary, Indiana.
A lot of these stories prove that.
İnsanlar öz - saygılarının mümkün mertebe yüksek düzeyde kalmaları için çabalarlar.
在报仇归来的途中误杀自己的岳父厄勒克特律翁，被厄勒克特律翁的兄弟Sthenelus继承了王位，而安菲特律翁和阿尔克墨涅被逐出了麦锡尼。
While sitting on the toilet, the patient has to press as little as possible, but instead relax the circular muscle.
But after knowing about the fact that Tom is the only hope of his family, Jane gives up their elopement and leaves to go home.
，另外集團還擁有美國，澳洲，印度，日本，西班牙，烏拉圭，中國和比利時的俱樂部的股份。
其观点可以总结为：与西方绘画不同的是，西方绘画注重画面中的一个观察角度的空间纵深，通常只有一个消失点，而中国画中的空间纵深处理往往具有多个消失点，同时也自然具有多个观察角度。 citation 散点透视并非某种投影技法，其对应的绘画方式实际上称为倾斜投影。
The crew is unable to save the life of Dr. Hudson, a heart attack victim on the other side of the lake.
）八德擴大都市計劃(向日葵觀光夜市原址，長興路與中正路交叉口)重新盛大開幕。
He was the only person to be awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Golden Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds.
However, she is jealous and mean-minded by nature.
最终巴塞罗那以3比1胜出，夺得了它们的第四个欧洲冠军。
Near the bottom of Mandalay Hill is the Kyauktawgyi Pagoda.
故曰:雷出万物出,雷入万物入。
He named the land he was given 'Hornsby Place' after himself.
多數區間的起點都設有指示版（Headway Board）作提示用途。
The northwest corner is occupied by the fertile Chach plain.
Early Bronze Age metallurgy in the northeast Aegean.
The percussionists have to work well together as a team so all parts can be covered.
It is found in thunder storms.
The Dream-Quest of Unknown Kadath (1926), the ghouls are somewhat less disturbing, even comical at times, and both helpful and loyal to the protagonist.
Her ikisi de yıllardır Kazakistan'da yaşayan Kazak ve Tatar ailelerden gelmekteydi.
The Egyptian campaign was a military failure but a cultural success.
Then, the division was made into its own company.
The upperside is creamy white with black tips to the forewings.
以下列表参考自《Vertebrate Palaeontology》第四版 main (2004).
But much of the complex is still intact today without substantial alterations.
The dips are related to global recessions.
It was the first map to show this city.
Ford Transit Connect is a compact van produced by Ford Motor Company from 2002 to the present day.
From Canton Restaurant to Panda Express: a History of Chinese Food in the United States.
，12月，陈独秀应邀前往广州任广东省教育委员会委员长，由李达做代理书记。
Women's History Month is an annual event to celebrate the contributions of women to history.
When the things in the water get stuck in the soil those things make a layer in the soil.
İkinci Dünya Savaşı'na piyade olarak katılan Andreas, Doğu Cephesi'nde görevlendirilmiştir.
Haziran 1991 yılında yapılan büyük bir değişiklik ile 10 yeni ilçe daha kuruldu.
She also did a Guess campaign.
蕭寶攸（5世纪－502年4月5日），字智宣，齊明帝蕭鸞第九子，
It is in Waterloo Region.
Birin tümleyeni alınması durumunda, diğer ikiller de tersi alınarak değişirken, ikinin tümleyininde sonuç işaretsiz gösterimdeki her ikilin tersinin alınıp bulunan sonuca 1 eklenmesiyle ifade edilir.
Bu projede İslam kültürüne uygun olarak gösterişli mezarlardan kaçınılmış, işlevsel olmayan anıtsal formlar kullanılmamış ve hüzünlü bir hava oluşmamasına dikkat edilmiştir.
They focus on the life of Onizuka before he became a teacher in Great Teacher Onizuka.
But after he passed the office, he’d been suspected to relate with the lawsuit about buying fire engines until now.
藏在木马中的全副武装的希腊战士一个又一个地跳了出来。
Curtis Stewart 2007，第10-11页Bivar 1983，第33页Garthwaite 2005，第76页 。
Their come from America.
As of 8 December 2020, the country reports a total of 74,294 confirmed cases, 11,604 active cases, 62,306 recoveries and 384 deaths.
They were all very popular and appeared on charts.
The superstructure was constructed during a period of material shortages during the Korean War.
The adult male is black, with a yellow/orange bill (
It is the earliest known surviving civil code.
The Yacyretá Dam is in the northeast of the province.
Oba ruhu adı verilen manevi bir bağlılık ile oba üyeleri arasında kardeşliğin, izcilik bilgi ve becerilerinin hep birlikte geliştirilmesi arzu edilir.
The president is also the commander of the armed forces.
The first stage is in round-robin format, with each team playing the other teams once for a total of 19 matches.
He wanted workers to enjoy arriving at their offices!
The next year he worked with Bertolt Brecht.
;Paying dues: the concept that newer or younger wrestlers must be hazed or punished in the early parts of their careers, both in and out of the ring.
It won only 44 seats.
The word was made during the Irish Land War'.
Archer retired from acting in 2000.
当辐射压与引力彼此平衡时，星云坍缩为一个具有一定密度的球体，这被称作原恒星。
When alpha-tin is heated, it changes into beta-tin.
Sometimes sportsmen do not observe the fast, although there are disagreements about this.
In many of these plays, the chorus expresses to the audience what the main characters cannot say, such as their hidden fears or secrets.
Thus, it is not just an ancestral trait, but a recently evolved distinguishing trait.
She won the European Cyclo-cross Championships in 2013.
不过这1亿美元的罚金分为4部分：ITT公司向法院支付200万美元的违法罚金；向国务院缴2000万美元的罚款；没收2800万美元“非法交易”所得；同意投入5000万美元发展更加先进的夜视仪系统，以保持美军在夜视仪方面拥有的技术优势。
It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 2021.
It reached its full height on May 20, 2013.
Oceanic whitetip sharks are usually caught by shark fisheries.
Numen was also used in the imperial cult of ancient Rome, to refer to the guardian-spirit, 'godhead' or divine power of a living emperor.
The oldest known was Chlodio.
The red kangaroo breeds all year round.
There are nine kinds of magpies (
The couple had a daughter Rebecca in 1969.
Geddes, originally a biologist and sociologist were engaged to design a plan for the new city of Tel Aviv to be built adjacent to the ancient port town of Jaffa.
The band took another break, with various members going to other projects and bands.
Slide could be related to any of these.
In the 1930s, as Kansas City suburbs were developing, a developer laid out a subdivision near a golf course.
，愛爾蘭蓋爾語被定為官方語言暨學校必修科目，蓋爾語同盟的政治角色由此變得越來越不重要。
His legacy is often debated by historians.
File:Civil Rights March on Washington, D.C. (Leaders of the march leading marchers down the street.) - NARA - 542003.
謹拜章陳情，使行相國永壽少府糞土臣毛宗奏，并上璽綬。
The storm caused no damages.
Sanders bu bilgileri, Japonya'nın savaş sonrası yeniden yapılandırılmasından sorumlu olan General Douglas MacArthur'a götürdü.
This meant the prisoners were given the vaccine, and then given typhus on purpose.
A "shuv-it" is done by turning the board 180° while staying above the board.
However, downsizing in 2007 caused The Spokesman-Review to only print one paper a day from then on.
拉莫在一篇连线文章中说，2010年5月，在他报告背包被盗后，一名调查人员注意到了不寻常的行为，并将他置于72小时的非自愿精神病治疗中，并延长至九天。
This is important if we have no food to eat.
」 彭宣雅 整理，〈專家獻策／楊儒門：小農團結 開出新路〉，《
This finding supports the view that the steppe-related elements in its essentially Achaemenid* design indicate a Central Asian provenance."
'ın temel inançları arasında yer alan Allah'ın varlık ve birliğine imân etmeyi, onun meleklerine, kitaplarına, peygamberlerine, ahiret gününe, kadere, hayrın ve şerrin Allah'tan geldiğine inanmayı dile getiren sözcüktür.
It is part of the large region of Eastern Cibao; it is flat and with very good soils.
The sixth season followed two timelines, each an outcome of the explosion of a hydrogen bomb in the previous season finale.
，一群參與制定的公司了解到MPEG-2標準要被採用的最大困難，來自於基礎專利是被許多專利擁有者所持有。
The main job of the sepals is to keep the parts of the flower safe before it opens.
Phase 2 would have extended the line along Fleet Street to stations at Aldwych, Ludgate Circus, Cannon Street, Fenchurch Street, St Katherine's Dock, Wapping and then under the River Thames to New Cross, terminating at Lewisham.
This logo was chosen in a vote in 2004.
Doyle won the leadership by a narrow margin, but went on to lead the party to its worst electoral defeat ever, in which Napthine nearly lost his seat.
It is published every week.
It was one of the first major uses of the MP3 format by a commercial organization.
Community features were added in 2000 in the form of message boards.
拉帕努伊的激進主義分子近年來一直爭取自決、擁有該島的權利。
Timnasa, before her death, recorded a message for Senior Baalveer and keeps on repeating her message in front of the Senior Baalveer to turn him against Shaurya and other fairies.
A fraction is a number that shows how many equal parts there are.
，在火箭升空以失敗告終之後，離開了科學開發機構，繼承父親兩百人的小型公司「佃製作所」。
Bugün, Bâb-ül Vüstani dışında Bağdad Kalesi’nden hiçbir iz kalmamıştır.
Reginald Scot (ca. 1538-1599) was an English writer.
This can actually change how the brain performs and interfere with a person’s ability to make choices.
The release() method on the return value of sort() is handy to keep the code as a single expression.
God created him.
蘇拉威西淡水流域，體長可達4.
他于廣東航空學校肄業，之后轉入空軍軍官學校第七期驅逐組畢業。
在《葉隱》中，眾道關係應該是值得自己為對方付出性命的。
They have the unusual ability to climb down trees head first, unlike other birds which can only go upwards.
Although most are more beefcake and porn-focused, there are some, such as Bear World Magazine, citation which focus on the bear lifestyle, covering a range of topics and celebrating the bear community as a whole.
It is used for different activities, such as making a resonant hum during vocalization.
After World War II, the Soviet Union and the United States were the only two powerful countries left.
Financial Advisor and Secretary General of the Presidency of the Republic until 1975, Charles Bila Kaboré is appointed deputy governor of the BCEAO (Central Bank of West African States) until 1982.
At the time of his death, Vance was the region's longest-serving television news anchor with more than 45 years at WRC-TV.
There are also differences: humans can speak, for example.
Bunun yanında aranan suçluların yakalanması, delil toplama, adalet kurumlarının ve mahkeme kararlarını yerine getirme dejandarmanın görevleri arasındadır.
In 2004, The Trillian chat application introduced an feature called "emotiblips", which allows Trillian users to stream files to their instant message recipients "as the voice and video equivalent of an emoticon".
这使得印度尼西亚成为地震多发地区 。
He had four number one singles in the United States.
While the third character 大 dà, which has the meaning "big/large/great", seems to describe Canada well, since it is a big country, the first two characters 加 jiā, meaning "to add", and 拿 ná, meaning "to take", have no obvious relation to Canada.
His nickname is Kyoju, which means Professor in Japanese.
七大工業國組織認為，有關改變會扼殺多元政治，與基本法列明的邁向普選背道而馳，而且亦限制在《中英聯合聲明》保障的言論自由。
In 2001, Blue Rapids became the place of a new NOAA Weather Radio transmitter, KZZ67.
The bridge is part of Sanjō-dōri (三条大通り Third Avenue).
First performed at the Old Melbourne Gaol in 2006.
The initiator was Vladislav II.
Coca is a component in cocaine, but is also an important part of Bolivian culture.
There are many kinds of goldfish.
He also played county rugby for Middlesex.
Tikhon Khrennikov was the youngest of ten children, born into a family of horse traders, in the town of Yelets in the Russian province of Lipetsk in central Russia.
Charles X was a strong believer in absolutism and rejected the Charter of the French Liberties, issued by his predecessor and brother Louis XVIII.
But Frederick III, Elector of Saxony thought that someone might kill him, so he faked a highway ambush and used this as a reason to hide Luther in one of his castles.
“畏罪自杀”。 citation 同年9月，陶勇之妻朱嵐也被迫害致死。
瑪麗·伊麗莎白（Mary Elizabeth）的《貝特·凱恩（Bette）》凱恩是黃金時代貝蒂·凱恩（Betty Kane）角色的重製版。
In everyday life, things have a definite time at which they occur.
The band is best known for their successful single "Blackout", released in June 2011.
消防车云梯架设延误期间，私人云梯车救走了部分民众 citation 。
U (u) is the twenty-first (
The show culminated on 14 July 2017, showing the Happy Family of Thapki and Aryan, Look-alike of Bihaan, whom Thapki married after Bihaan's Death.
Fulla tended to the ashen box and Frigg's shoes.
The use of glass is to allow dice to be thrown more easily.
The first stage will open by 2029, and other stages are expected to open by 2031.
It started in March of 1964 on WNBC (AM).
StumbleUpon is an easy to use website, which provides new and interesting material on the web.
He played 19 games for Japan until 1983.
Against these the battleship's large guns and thick armor were not effective.
It is an orange to yellow mineral.
Anthony Gonzalez ran for the United States House of Representatives seat in Ohio's 16th congressional district in 2018 as a Republican.
The program was removed from the station on March 18. The producer and host were also fired.
Dr. William L. Pierce, American writer and activist (b.
's Anastasia became his most successful works in later years.
On May 22, a week before the album's new release date, she released "
When Hearst hired Outcault away, Pulitzer asked artist George Luks to continue drawing the strip with his characters, giving the city two Yellow Kids.
Its head office is at Seychelles International Airport on the island of Mahé.
Carlos Agostinho do Rosário (born 26 October 1954) is a Mozambican politician.
She played May Emmerich in The Asphalt Jungle.
Painful periods are common because it is very difficult for the monthly menstrual blood to get out of the tiny hole left by infibulation.
Tyrrell had money problems in the 1980s and 1990s.
It had five original songs as well as five covers.
She tells him that it might seem at times the entire town is racist and evil, but there are always good people even when it seems everything is dark.
The triumph of the embryo.
American Journal of Archaeology 87, 133–138 Mellink, Machteld J. 1983.
Today it is considered a valuable item, and costs a large amount of money.
From 1997 to 2000 he hosted the TV show A solas con Marco Aurelio Denegri on cable channel Cable Mágico Cultural.
When the team wins a trophy it is given to the captain.
This started his second term.
Ancak 25 Şubat 2019 Raw programında Flair'ın 70. yaşının doğum günü kutlanacaktı.
Phases of matter can be changed by a number of things.
Over a period of 50 days, participants are assigned tasks.
See for Dutch politicians on a provincial level: Category:Dutch provincial politicians.
Obara was born in Towada on September 4, 1990.
The message is harsh, but Amos wrote some of the most poetic parts of the Bible.
In some classification systems they have been called Plantae, by expanding the traditional plant kingdom (
The entire event was captured on video.
Light from the source only exists in front of the mirror.
About convert of snow fell on the city.
It rhymes with "five".
There are 16 cities in Metro Manila.
Near Laihia are the municipalities Hankasalmi, Konnevesi, Pieksämäki, Suonenjoki, Tervo and Vesanto.
Many people think that because there is fighting, there should be no rules.
Stephen Hopkins died sometime between June 6, 1644 and July 17th of that year.
The first bridge on the site was designed in 1809-10 by John Rennie for the Strand Bridge Company and opened in 1817 as a toll bridge.
I hate cats", he said.
The Bell System was a system of companies.
The nearest airport is Raipur Airport.
He believed that if the Creator of the universe was one then the origin of all the forces had to be single also.
The hip bones are attached to the sacrum and support it.
It is a Greek word that means "the one who gives birth to God."
But catch and release exposes a fish to being caught several times by multiple fishermen.
"But I was very worried about taking it on because I'm not Jewish.
Piroska Oszoli (21 January 1919 22 March 2017) was a Hungarian painter, is known as The lover of the Danube and the beautiness.
This sometimes results in misunderstandings among customers unfamiliar with the practice.
其後駕駛作為Earth Engine及Nebula Engine的預備機而開發製造的Flare Engine，成為第3名機師（Earth Driver）。
Çünkü küreselleşme, yeni ekonomik olanakların bu tür olağanüstü büyük bir düzen içinde yer alışını kapsamaktadır.
Gold had been found in Australia before the 1851 gold rush.
Nearby access points may use different channels to prevent them from obstructing each other.
He is well known for his songs "CoCo", "Do It" and "Cut It".
From late 408 AD, the Visigoth army camped outside Rome.
However, some new pavement lights are being made, even today.
All 196 people on board are killed, in addition to six on the ground.
The following two amounts were observed in triplicate on a particular programme (giving a total of 148 known golden balls): £6,000, £10,000.
The reverse also happens.
At once it became very popular.
The damaged stand was eventually demolished completely.
He was also Prime Minister from 2002 to 2007.
Isocrates wanted to restore one of these tribunals when he wrote the speech.
He used a glue that was originally too weak to be used for anything else, so the notes would come off easy.
It was a bad time in France financially and the church had to make savings, so Le Sueur could not have his orchestra any more, so he resigned from his job.
In 2013, Howell and Lester were voted the UK’s favourite radio presenters and won the Sony Golden Headphones Award, presented by the Sony Radio Academy Awards.
御不凡、慕少艾、簫中劍、談無欲、
'de bulunan halı müzesi ve ülkenin en önemli müzelerindendir.
Link had to recover for 100 years and when he woke up in the Shrine of Resurrection, and the game starts.
She played 30 games and scored 1 goal for Japan until 1997.
The first two prizes were given the group's work during the world wars.
From 2002, he could not play in the match behind Narazaki.
》演出，是喜剧中心频道观众熟悉的演员，但在获选出演《阳光小美女》时，
The Irish Independent was launched by William Martin Murphy.
She was the first female governor of the province.
荀子主張任用賢能，國君把政務交與大臣處理；國家要控制思想，打擊異端邪說，以法律補充禮制以維繫社會秩序。
Jon and Burton started to see Rupert as a physical threat for challenges, and wanted to vote him off, bothering Rupert's alliance members Sandra and Christa.
The film follows Borat in his travels across the United States as he commits cultural solecisms and exposes a few American ones.
Pantaleon "Bebot" Diaz Alvarez (born January 10, 1958) is a Filipino politician.
He went to the city of Kolhapur in western Maharashtra to learn painting.
The church has a main floor, two second floors and four small chapels.
In her new school she is nearly the only white girl.
Ambergis Museum is in the town.
The next day Voov announced to have a free supporting app to the Vodacom users, well it wasn't good.
The L&B had a very good safety record, and no members of the public were killed or injured, although accidents at Braunton Road and Chumhill did take the lives of three workers.
He is married to Marianne Hill and has a son named Gabriel Hill.
Angry mobs forced the school to close in 1834.
It connects Yellowknife to Dettah.
It had a unique composition of being part infantry and part cavalry.
After law school, Root began to work as a lawyer.
The List of F.C. Machida Zelvia players is evolving.
He has also produced movies.
Dorneywood is another.
After two acclaimed seasons in London, she announced her retirement from opera at the age of 29.
From 1987 to 2003 the band consisted of members Phil Anselmo (
In addition to the Elements, at least five works of Euclid have survived to the present day.
The economy was not going well, and Mrs Thatcher wanted to make cuts in government spending.
相較於其他科技藝術節著重於作品技術與藝術面的整合，
Eventually the corps commander, McCreery, got about half of the men to follow their orders.
，和黎巴嫩一起进入奥运会篮球预选赛。
In other places it may be called the toilet or the water closet (WC).
He decided to return to the United States in 1948 and died in 1951 during the Korean War.
It is supported by eight huge Osirid pillars.
被缴获的旗帜显示他们属于统领北京城外南苑的中国军队的董福祥将军的军队，显示中国官军已被用来击败这场远征。
雖然在全年清萊在冬天時的最低溫度也會在攝氏10度或以下，
Godar Thapa clan is also populous Khas Kshatri clan.
İran gençliği arasında inanılmaz oranda yayılmış durumdadır.
They had a daughter, Natasha, in 1966.
The school placed emphasis on physical activities such as cross cross run, camps, kho-kho, basketball, volleyball as well as mental activities such as quiz, seminars and debates.
She kept Mary a prisoner for many years.
The issuance of coins went on until 2000, and resumed with new issues beginning in 2007 to celebrate the 60th wedding anniversary of the Prince and Princess.
He is political leader of Agudat Yisrael ("Union of Israel"), one of the two branches of UTJ.
，加拿大总理顾问 citation 。
並在同年12月5日的週榜成功打入第9名、銷量突破8萬張。
He was also a bandmaster.
The yearning for liberty is always marked in her poems like ‘Garjat Krishaka’.
與身處於機場的築城院合作，復活了剎那的人格和姿態。
，則獲得了53分 citation 。
He was the co-star and co-writer of the TV show Catastrophe.
The next week, and for months after, many fans in the Raw audience brought signs which read, "Mick Foley put my ass in this seat!"
He was the only son of Alexander II with his second wife, Marie de Coucy.
Ian McCahon Sinclair (born 10 June 1929) is an Australian politician.
Residents include visiting military personnel, government officials, research scientists and support staff.
The Beauvau du Rivau branch was rooted in Brittany.
It started as an all-female lifestyle channel QTV (Quality TeleVision;later renamed as simply Q in March 2007), then reformatted as news and public affairs channel GMA News TV on February 28, 2011.
'ın dış politika başdanışmanı olarak görev üstlenmiştir.
清宣統三年八月十九日（1911年10月10日），武昌新軍起義。
In 1912, the church was renovated.
This is not completely true, though.
Netra vows to ruin Tanuja while Rishi tries to rekindle his and Tanuja's love.
It was released on November 25, 2016.
It was always intended that an abbot be a father to the other monks.
The plant's leaves are medium-green and spear-shaped.
朱梅馥（1913年2月20日－1966年9月3日），
“解放以来，我们的新闻宣传工作是有巨大的成绩，但还有偏差和缺点。
於動畫終章透過靈界通訊與麗子連絡，希望麗子能和家人回歸以往和陸的關係。
The original plan was for the IMT to hold several trials, and the Allies to hold their own trials of local officials as well.
As suggested by their name, microhylids are mostly small frogs.
His career began in 1965 with the movie Huuh huuh.
Bahadur Shah was the son of Akbar Shah II.
Modern opcodes are at least two hex characters in length which take up 1 byte of storage space.
Many new motorways have opened up including the M1 motorway and M3 motorway.
史黛芬妮活潑好動並且對梅兒相當忠心，負責安排梅兒的行程訪問，照相，以及媒體工作。
They left the heart in place because they thought it was the home of the soul.
He got a job cleaning floors at a jewellery store.
Czechia has one of the least religious populations in the world.
In 2010 they won the award in the category Newcomer National.
如果生殖腺發育為卵巢，另外一套過程會形成雌性內外生殖器。
They differ from the Palaeognathae in features like the structure of their jawbones.
A revision of the Lordiphosa tenuicauda species-group, with descriptions of eight new species from China (Diptera: Drosophilidae).
About 56% of the people did not want that.
The canton gained the castle in 1804.
Hobbits live longer compared to humans, and many hobbits reach the age of 100.
Small Metcard machines are at the entrances to platforms 1 and 4. A subway is located underneath the station.
Over objections from the Soviet Union, his term of office was extended by the General Assembly 46 - 5 in 1950.
After reaching its height of political influence, the second Klan began to decline.
Tuluy orduyu yönetiyordu ve bu görevi yerine getirdi.
When the angle of the slope (θ) is zero, sin θ is also zero, so the body will not move.
而苏格拉底对此持不同观点 citation ，
It is that NiziU works toward the world with fans.
They end up stranded together in the woods during hunting season and they have to beat the hunters with the help of all the other animals.
，到1078年（英武昭勝三年），李朝遣使入宋要求和好，到1079年（英武昭勝四年）雙方才達成議和。
晨星每年都會從近6,000多只基金中評選幾隻優秀的基金，強調質量並重，得獎基金除了必須在當年度及過去年度都取得理想的績效外，也需具備優質的管理，以反映基金管理團隊對投資人利益的關注。
This time the two school collided in a soccer match.
Both tourists and locals go day and night to the Guyi Garden Restaurant; it sells an average of over 20,000 xiaolongbaos each day.
They were created because then British Rail had a large shortage of trains so rather than spending lots of money on expensive proper trains, they invented the Pacer.
Other non-medical names are t-girl, tg-girl, and ts-girl. citation citation Transgender woman, though, is the more common name.
These are known as 'small morph adults'.
It is considered an important economic indicator.
It was released on September 13, 2006, by A&M Records and the will.
No direct deaths came from the storm, although two indirect deaths did take place.
在中國講究關係的體系裡面，煙草產品是處處可見的禮品，在任何場合都行得通，尤其是在城市以外的地區。
Aliyeva was born in the Khunzakhsky District.
So the ground did not fit for AC Slovan Wien,which plazed in the A/legue,then the highest in Austrian football.
Dünyada 21.Yüzyılın en iyi Teknik Direktörleri arasında gösterildi.
For example, people do not have the freedom to threaten to kill other people.
She first sang in public as a child in 1851, and gave her last performance before an audience in 1914.
Felting needles come in many different sizes.
Reuleaux üçgeninin başka bir uygulama sınıfı, Reuleaux üçgen kesitine sahip silindirik nesneleri içerir.
She helped more than 300 slaves escape.
Counterpoint does not have to have imitation, although it often does.
Most damselflies live their lives within a short distance of where they were hatched.
En sıcak ay ortalama sıcaklığın 29 °C olduğu nisan, en soğuk ay ise ortalama sıcaklığın 22 °C olduğu ağustos ayıdır.
祖尼人传统上讲祖尼语，一种与其他任何美洲原住民语言都没有联系的孤种语言。
In 2007, 13929 people lived there.
Carole's son Ben was played by Jonathon Norriss.
He won a gold medal at the Olympic Games in Sydney 2000, bronze at the Olympic Games in Atlanta 1996.
Greenwich is the southernmost and westernmost town in Connecticut.
He was very good at climbing mountains in races.
鄔宏勝等人告知高連升，因無糧餉，將投他處去。
It ended successfully on August 29, 1982.
From 1994 to 2001 he was secretary general of the German liberal party, the Freie Demokratische Partei (
Selsun Blue is sold through mass merchandisers and drug and food retailers.
Parks continued to work as an activist.
There are only a few truly "broken" older plants, alive today only because the virus has not completely stunted the growth.
结果，其随后开始充当“未分类物种集中地”（wastebasket taxon），并有大量来自欧洲和其他地区的大型或小型食肉恐龙被归入该属。
Şerif Ahmed Mısır El-Ezher Üniversitesi ile ilişkili olan Şeyh Sufi Enstitüsü'nde öğrenimine başladı.
That's where the 15-year-old was born (on May 15, 1968)"
The western part lasted to the 5th or 6th century.
They started the idea of discount shops in Germany.
It is named in honor of Maryland Delegate Cheryl D. Glenn's mother who died of kidney cancer at age 87. It is believed that Glenn's mother would have benefitted from medical marijuana therapy.
脱臼：肩关节或髋关节的「脱臼」常作为一种新奇的事物在舞台上表演。
Tonlé Sap Biosphere Reserve is in the province.
For 1996-1997, the series was simply called the USAC Indy Racing League.
It is in both Hants and Halifax counties.
At first, historical linguistics was comparative linguistics.
In 2010, 6,886 people lived there.
Alas, Turing accidentally or otherwise lost his life in 1954, having been subjected by a British court to chemical castration, thus avoiding a custodial sentence.
In 2005, he faced criminal charges because of comments he made in an interview.
"Another beautiful and great spectacle has lately made the same solemnity of the Apostles more cheerful, in which the flowers have turned into bees, to form the arms of the Barberina family.
Besides the above, there are several other works that are sacred literature of Hindus.
From 1965 to 1986, he was Head of Computer Research at Bell Labs.
Because of this, only the MVC now has a claim to any of the MVIAA's history.
With this release, Skillet would abandon their post-grunge approach for a lighter alternative rock and style.
People who died in the 250s.
於9月16日至17日於阿維蘭熱奧林匹克體育場舉行，設有3項共4個級別參賽的項目 citation 。
But Kenyatta loses and goes to jail.
投票结果为65.8%赞成和34.2%反对新建，从而也达成了至少10%赞成的法定票数。
In what is now the Loop Community Area, on the southern banks of the Chicago River, near today's Michigan Avenue Bridge, the U.S. Army erected Fort Dearborn in 1803.
The Angkor civilization is the world's largest pre-industrial civilization.
They are a moderate-sized scorpion.
He is the current Minister of Defense of Georgia since 22 February 2021.
The 2014 Pacific typhoon season was an event that began on January 10, 2014 and ended on January 1, 2015.
Being rare (in short supply) also makes a gemstone valuable.
'in yerine oyuna dahil edilen Emre Çolak, ilki 62.dk.'da penaltıdan ve diğeri de frikikten 65.dk.'da olmak üzere, aynı zamanda A takım formasıyla çıktığı ilk resmi maçta 2 gol birden atan ender futbolculardan da biri oldu.
He is survived by his wife, Michele Dotrice and their daughter, and the three children of his first marriage.
It is in a campus of the Futuroscope.
She meets good witches and bad witches.
It is often performed on social occasions, e.g. as music to be played while people eat, or as after-dinner music.
It is used to purify water.
If the flag is shown hanging vertically, the white should be on the left.
She competes for Laisvalls SK.
The knights sink to their knees.
This helped them to capture the changing effects of sunlight.
But turtles do not have these skull openings.
Cardinal Bandinelli was elected pope on September 7, 1159; and he chose the name Alexander III.
Gymnasts nicknamed it the "tongue".
Ballet involves the creation of the dance itself, often a type of imaginary story.
，常平村不仅处在护卫盐池的要冲，
File:Flag of Fall River, Massachusetts.
She continues working with producer Eddie Galan of Mach 1 Music, citation with a new album titled Saint Nor Sinner due out in 2010.
There are many famous lines from this movie.
The creator who is making the video will record in-game animation and edit it with voice recordings.
The athletics teams of the university are called the Blue Jays.
在生前為綾香留下保護她的安全和守護成长的庭園。
Simple words like "warm" and "fat" are adjectives commonly used in writing.
They can be corded or battery-powered.
Its body is 14–20 cm long and the tail length is 10–14 cm.
在影片拍摄结束后，他们的关系也到了尽头。
Henry of Huntingdon in the 12th century.
Carl Eduard, the last reigning duke had his British titles taken away for supporting Germany in World War I. He died in 1954.
By 1880, the line was completed to Santa Fe.
The M1 carbine weighs less than half of the Garand.
In sum, an individual has an advantage if it is in the larger of two groups (assuming that the probability of detection and attack does not increase disproportionately with the size of the group).
它於12月17日再次增強為一熱帶風暴，但移動緩慢。
There are about 10-20 reindeer subspecies.
Cathryn Antoinette "Toni" Tennille (born May 8, 1940) is an American singer-songwriter and keyboardist.
"In Teaneck, N. J., his home, he has quietly built up a nice little business: The Grofe Realty Co."
The wettest month is December.
Different meanings of a word could be marked only with high or low pitch.
This is called "primarily obsessional OCD", or "pure-O".
;Hooker: a wrestler with strong legitimate mat-wrestling abilities and an array of match-ending (or in extreme cases, career ending) holds known as "hooks," hence the name.
The second season began on October 5, 2008 and ended on March 29, 2009.
後費希平等人主持「民主進步黨記者會」。
Its mistress is Our Lady of the Meadow.
She played Myrtle Reed in the movie Lady Gangster.
在他的时代，分析学等分支刚刚起步，欠缺严密性和标准形式，但这不足以妨碍他取得大量的成果。
She played the role of Matron in the TV series The Royal (2003–2011).
He wrote songs for among others: Hans Dorrestijn, Adèle Bloemendaal, Karin Bloemen and Erik van Muiswinkel.
Javier Neves Mujica (1953 – 11 February 2021) was a Peruvian politician.
Part 1. The Noun, in Language Arts.
Arnavutluk'un eğitim sistemi sekülerdir.
This would mean more robosexuality.
另一座公费大学是吉大港工程技术大学，1968年建校。
It then talks about how David cut off Goliath's head with Goliath's own sword after killing him with his slingshot.
世界語早期一個爭議是，he was born（他出生了）應該使用現在語態 （-at-，naskata）還是過去語態（-it-，naskita）；前者爲日耳曼及斯拉夫語族語言使用者所傾愛，後者則主要流行於拉丁語世界。 citation 最後爭議結果爲，
Often, the term relative atomic mass is used to mean standard atomic weight.
BDZ-V7/V9以後的機型皆支援AVCHD格式的播放。
In 1955, postal service started again.
Constable painted many full-scale preliminary sketches of his landscapes in order to test the composition in advance of finished pictures.
岡山縣知事列表包括1871年（
She teaches classes about the idea that “giving away money is easy- doing so effectively is much harder.”
However, though the advice is technically informal, the monarch would create a constitutional crisis if they did not comply.
Panzer crew attempt to restore their Pz.
Some are Ratu crater, Upas crater, and Domas crater.
He tries to get "her" drunk, but "she" shyly sings “Nein, nein!
The people of Thailand call the colour "rain-cloud gray," and the shimmer "sea foam."
All United States AM radio broadcasting stations have this bandwidth (But, the location of each band is distinct).
However, the chimera does not appear to have an existence in physical reality, save for the individual animals from which it is composed.
Ramesses II was a powerful military ruler.
The Yankees won the world series that year; they beat the Dodgers 4 games to 1. They won their 12th title.
Since everything is absolutely the result of what came before it, they argued, every decision a human being makes and every situation into which that human being enters was predetermined since the beginning of time.
，在這些沉積物中也包含了其他物種像是歌利亞氏蜥，最大的化石出產地為布埃納維斯塔德爾諾爾特，
乃唐古忒遇有出痘之人，视恶疮毒痈为尤甚，即逐至旷野岩洞，虽亲如父子兄弟夫妇，亦不暇顾，竟至百无一生者，深堪悯恻。
The score of the first game of basketball ever played was 1-0.
After translation, proteins fold into specific shapes.
汞蒸汽燈是第一種HIDs，被廣泛應用於街道照明，但是當涉及到室內園藝時，它們對於植物生長產生的光譜相對較差，所以它們大多被其他類型的HID替代為生長植物。
Law enforcement planted a replacement tree.
The regions of Semigallia and Selonia are sometimes said to be part of Courland.
Table tennis balls (40 mm) made from celluloid.
Since SAVAK was unable to provide any evidence regarding Mohtadi's political actions, he was released from prison and now, his party should cope with its most important era of the pre-Islamic Revolution Iran.
His father wanted Assad's elder brother Bassel to succeed him as leader of Syria.
It symbolizes telling the truth and doing what you said you would.
This article does not have any links.
He also staged the original theatrical productions of Barefoot in the Park, Luv, The Odd Couple and Spamalot.
由於百代在國語流行曲的市場和地位，本地英文歌未受太大重視。
The English wanted to promote investment in the colony.
Mahendra Kapoor, Indian singer (b.
These include the Shiva Sutras, the Shiva Samhita, and those by the scholars of Kashmir Shaivism such as the 10th-century scholar Abhinavagupta.
Built on the site of the ancient Island Carib village of Sairi, it is the oldest and most important urban settlement on the island of Dominica.
The Philippine threat from this typhoon was especially strong.
Animals can have a camouflage defence at distance, but when faced by a predator they may switch to a '
People dig into a hillside or other sloping surface and build it up so it is level in places, like steps.
Much of the northwest part had an ice storm.
迁殿中侍御史，与熊安生、马敬德等议五礼，兼修律令。
无特定病原体级的实验大鼠是受国际认可的标准动物模型。
They named his books "So said Algorizmi".
His 1987 album Twisted Christmas had the song "Twelve Pains of Christmas".
As such, working in moles allows scientists to refer to a specific quantity of molecules or atoms without resorting to excessively large numbers.
其论述仍以经典为主要资料，旁采其他经论汇编而成，
For this reason, many mythologies around the world have the concept of the World tree, a great tree that acts as an Axis mundi, holding up the cosmos, and providing a link between the heavens, earth and underworld.
Those who recite them near the diseased are called relatives.
Clay County is part of the local Southwestern Commission council of governments.
名字的來歷是精靈古語「太陽」的意義。
Gambiya genç bir nüfusa sahip olup, 2016 tahmini verilerine göre %58,52'si 0-24 yaş aralığındadır.
Ancak daha sonra annesinin dükkânını satarak Avrupa'ya müzik eğitimi almaya gitmiş ve çok başarılı bir kemancı olmuştur.
Cheese is made using milk.
It was fought on July 21, 1861.
在死前將副族長從泥爪換成一星，因而引起泥爪的不滿，導致泥爪在《星光指路》中發動叛變。
Robert Schumann wrote many fine songs.
明清时期，和平区境内村落逐渐增多。
Koivisto won a second term in election.
A microphone converts sound pressure at some place to just a function of time, using a voltage signal as an analog of the sound signal.
He is tired of everyday life.
Wiryeseong is thought to be Songpa-gu, Seoul.
The locals said they were being used as slaves.
He is married to Rebecca.
The lead singer was Glenn Danzig.
Works also show African Americans' continuing struggle.
波列斯瓦夫二世在统治末期因过度卷入外国事务而导致国内封建主的不满。
Alman Doğu Hindistan Şirketi Delf Limanında önemli derecede iskele ve ambarlar inşa etti.
Their battle with El Maléfico will decide the fate of the universe!
He was born on November 4, 1987.
Sir John Marshall and others suggested that this figure is a prototype of Shiva, with three faces, seated in a "yoga posture" with the knees out and feet joined.
The man and woman are on a flowery grassland.
The fourth iPod Nano.
The network is dependent on the ability of the signal to travel around the ring.
A new tunnel was built in Zürich main station.
Dinlenmek için değil, arka planda yer almak için yazıldığını söylediği mobilya müziği parçalar, deneysel çalışmalardır.
Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing.
到達人類世界後亦有自行外出，不斷學習另一處的文化。
A second year student at Fukuroudani Academy.
They believed that it made Wesleyan look bad.
He was at First Battle of Bull Run, but his division was held in reserve.
It is made by draining thick yoghurt of its whey, shaping it into balls, and letting it harden.
由於要求以強勢武力鎮壓動亂，部隊在未靠岸前便以機槍掃射 (pp105-116) (pp273-275) (pp163-176) (pp26-30) 。
Grand Village Plage.
The psychologists would make theories and install them into a computer, then virtually damage the fake brain where the patient had damage.
General Introduction to Rattan - the biological background to exploitation and the history of rattan research.
However, it is not known if any of this results from fission chain-reactions.
饥民们对我会不满，怨言特多：“八路见死不救。”
，棲息深度可達30公尺，體長可達35公分，生活在礁石區，為底棲性魚類，屬肉食性，可做為食用魚及遊釣魚。
He fought against Klitschko again instead.
Monika comes back to delete Sayori and the game glitches.
The princess, terrified and trembling, tried to send him away, but George said he would stay and protect her.
The population was 826 at the 2010 census.
He sometimes would also be a complete idiot.
They do not speak out in public about party politics except as part of their own election campaign.
In 1915 a German submarine sank a ship carrying Americans called the Lusitania.
In 1942 the board began a maintenance of membership policy which attracted new members into labor unions.
That section allowed the Supreme Court to make a writ but the United States Constitution did not.
Oaks worked to make BYU bigger like Wilkinson, and added a law school and made plans for a new School of Management.
He occasionally did commercial work for local radio and television stations until he was unable to due to his health in the last year of his life.
A central idea behind the Yoruba religion is that natural objects, like trees, rivers, stones, and iron have a spiritual existence.
Köyde 1886 yılında 140 Türk ve 73 Kürt yaşamaktaydı.
此時當日與牙擦蘇結怨之太監亦上門找他算賬，牙擦蘇被四面夾攻，究竟能否化險為夷呢？
World Cup victory, he was selected in the All-Star First Team of South America of the past 50 years.
He presented popular science programmes such as Wondere Wereld (Miraculous World) and television courses such as Moderne Sterrenkunde (Modern Astronomy) and Nederland en het Weer (The Netherlands and the Weather).
That same year, a psychological lab was opened by Robert Werner Schulte at the Deutsche Hochschue fur Leibesubungen near Berlin.
Newts have three life stages.
On a flat surface, the normal force of an object is (the object's weight, that is its mass multiplied by the force of gravity).
，雖然當地政府凌晨起呼籲市民疏散，但仍有近百人仍留在家中被困。
Friulani, Giuliani, Austrian, Slovene and Hungarian influences over the centuries have created a wide range of food and drink typical of the region.
The locality is situated in a valley next to the river of Ljusnan.
After that the new Governor-General, Domhnall Ua Buachalla, personally leased a private mansion in the southside of Dublin.
It has been translated into seven foreign languages.
For example, water that is clean would be called pure water.
弱透镜方法通过对大量背景源像的统计分析，可以估算大尺度范围天体质量分布，
They are trained to use the force for good purposes.
After independence, Lal emerged as a popular farmer leader in the 1950s and started a farmers' movement, for which he was arrested along with his 500 workers.
Begging the question is commonly known as circular reasoning, though they are not exactly the same.
On April 12, 1977, the city took over the fort and it became part of the city.
The B1137 and B1019 roads pass through the village.
The line was bought by Pilot Developments in 1998. citation Pilot Developments is now known as Epping Ongar Railway Ltd. The Ongar Railway Preservation Society also entered an offer to buy the line.
Bunun sebebi Kandıra’ya bağlı iki tane Erikli isminde mahallenin olmasıdır.
Her first minor roles were in programs such as The Thirteenth Year and The Safety Of Objects and her first major role was in a movie called Panic Room.
Torquoselectivity also happens in selective electrocyclic reactions that break open rings.
Sponges are capable of both asexual and sexual reproduction.
The presidents suggested the students write an advertisement for the newspapers about what they wanted restaurants to do.
In February 2009, a fire destroyed 320 houses.
It is called Chakswari Colony and was built for the families who lost their homes following the construction of Mangla Dam.
No, says the man in the Vatican; it belongs to God.
A rainbow is actually round like a circle.
It is at 50° 48 North, 03° 45 East.
In 2009, it had a population of about 38,000.
The Basilica of Our Lady of Peace of Yamoussoukro is also higher, at 158 metres, but it only has the status of a minor basilica, it is not a cathedral.
Frances Burney tried to change their minds, but Dr. Burney insisted she stop and continue writing the more ladylike novels instead.
、以及抽象現實凌駕於物理世界的批判等 ，其中在11條中更提出著名的「哲學家們只是用不同的方式解釋世界，問題在於改變世界」論點 卡爾·
Namibia is divided into 14 regions and subdivided into 121 constituencies.
Since then, the Queen has made visits to most Commonwealth countries.
She was nominated to Gemini Awards in 1996 for Due South TV Series.
He became the vice president of Motown.
Pre-history ends at different times in different places when people began to write.
His behavior in conducting the healings has come under fire for the violence with which it is sometimes done.
Coneshell and stonefish carry poison that will kill humans.
He was born in Hamar, Norway.
This causes them to have more injuries and not realize they have hurt themselves.
The reaction was complete.
The Broadway production was nominated for the 1993 Tony Award for Best Musical.
Nishinomiya had 194 evacuation spots with 44,351 evacuees.
When the melted wax is far from the flame, it gets hard again, and can be used again in a new candle.
The city manage supervises all city departments and executing policies adopted by the Council.
、社会医学等所有的医学相关科目皆为出题范围。
Sanga Monastery was built in the ruins of the castle (or fort) Taktse (also Dagtse) Dzong (formerly Dechen Dzong) on the top of a hill.
It was directed by Stephen Hopkins.
On March 24, 2009, Disney finally released the special edition DVD, which is called a 2-Disc "Big Wave Edition".
It has been promoted by the term family balancing.
As the outside 'strike plate' layer, it is much lighter and performs better than traditional glass/polymer laminates.
A girl who fell in love with Koichi and kidnaps him.
，才成為正式官職並賦予其品級。
It is based on the position of stars relative to an observer's true or ideal horizon.
，其他七人都擔任過民進黨主席或代理主席（
However, this would cost too much money for how little it would actually help passengers.
"knols are a great forum for expressing your opinions."
The game is based on the continuing storyline carried out through previous ones.
The new service started on 28 December 2012.
Sales of SSDs are expected to escalate and overturn that of HDDs after 2020.
In 1791, it was named Washington, the District of Columbia to honor George Washington.
In both the past and the present, some writers say that Richard III made many good laws despite being ruthless.
He is Chairman of the Board of the Volia Group of Companies, Deputy Chairman of the Board of TDC A / S (
Mercer is an employee of the East India Trading Company.
Nipun entered into the movie industry in 2006.
He has also served as a member of the Court of the Jawaharlal Nehru University from September 2009 to May 2012 and was the Vice-President of the Parliamentary Forum on Artisans and Craftspeople from April 2013 to July 2013.
New York: Scientific American Library.
However, all we can say is that the photon must have been at that point when it ended its existence.
The Blackhawks, previously also called the Chicago Stadium Corporation, rather than the Bulls, were the actual owners of both the previous Chicago Stadium and now the United Center.
Buddhism declined as more people were converted into Brahman Hindus.
He managed the human world`s agriculture, morals, and 363 other fields of societal work.
Eos also carried off a human lover, Cephalus, Burkert, Walter (1985).
The combat ended with British victory.
He required all children to attend school.
This means they have signed and agreed to follow the Geneva Conventions.
Only 60 specimens have been found to date.
Since then, she quickly became the most popular character of the show, among fans, and got her own miniseries during the show's seventh season.
They only do that at high pressure and temperature.
A chapter usually has two "Coordinating" Lead Authors who control what words go in their chapter, ten to fifteen Lead Authors, and a larger number of Contributing Authors.
Rashidah Ali (better known as Rah Ali) (Born January 27, 1984).
He hosted Bill Nye the Science Guy from 1993 to 1997.
Continental operated flights to destinations throughout the U.S., Canada, Latin America, Europe, and the Asia-Pacific regions.
The middlegame is the part of the game after most pieces have been developed.
上海通用汽车提供价值超过3300万元的资金和物资支持。
After she went to sleep the seven dwarves return and meet her.
；如果不能談九二共識，或者不能談九二共識中蘊含的一些想法，就無法處理兩岸政策；美國將持續關注民進黨內部的辯論，看民進黨在2016年選舉之前如何處理兩岸關係 citation 。
In the 2014 census, the population of Divo was 179,455, making it the tenth-most populated city in the country.
Civil rights leaders focused on Montgomery, Alabama, because the segregation there was so extreme.
Note: Former Courts Young Lions player Fazli Ayob, The Chance finalist Randy Pay and Woodlands Wellington prime league player Farriss Hamran joined the LionsXII in the mid-season transfer window.
取得網球教練證書的胡娜於1996年赴台定居，
"Induction of classification rules by granular computing".
An operating system goes inside another system.
He started his first grand tour at the 1967 Giro d'Italia.
In the early 20th century, the analysis of early photographs of the nebula taken several years apart revealed that it was expanding.
The Planck constant is a fundamental physical constant.
Especially, in places where sugarcane is grown commercially, it is a popular drink.
Other countries got involved in the war because they wanted their own ideologies to win.
On January 15, 2008 1.1 came out which had support for iTunes movie hiring, music song lyrics and more bug fixes.
到了2007年，發展商打算以運動公園為主題翻新及改建5樓平台。
Players are able to upgrade their towers to help defeat stronger enemies.
A movie was made about the lives of Vicious and Spungen.
Warracknabeal has three hockey teams, a senior men's team known as Hoops a women's team, and a mixed junior team called Revengers.
The International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems 10th Revision (
传言并指王储曾考虑改用「乔治七世」尊号，
En uzak geçmiş ise evrenin oluştuğu zamanlardan gelen ışıktır.
"He is a Marlboro Township, New Jersey native and graduated from Christian Brothers Academy in Lincroft, New Jersey."
"Its real rulers, however, were the Tanawalis, a tribe of Mughal descent divided into two septs, the Pul-al and Hando-al or Hind-wal."
's Columbia Grammar & Preparatory School and the Professional Children's School.
The study of magma is usually done in lava flows.
Both names mean "protector of men" or "defender of men".
，增加數目達至1000倍。 citation 由於棘变形虫可以製造在空氣中飄浮的包囊，牠成為可以在空氣中傳播MRSA的生物。
J. V. Cain, American football player (b.
Given sufficient travel time and engineering work, both unmanned and sleeper ship interstellar travel seem possible.
、伊斯蘭文學、伊斯蘭倫理學及手工技能 。
It lies at the foot of the Mischabelhörner and Dom (convert).
Several attempts to cross the river by boats were not that successful.
其对深圳富士康员工坠楼事件发表的看法也引来一些中国大陆网友批评 citation 。
Later, she feels bad about her part in the crime.
智顗《摩诃止观》卷三下：“佛知众生种种性、欲，以四悉檀而成熟之。”
Van Dantzig also published a biography of the Dutch artist and resistance fighter Willem Arondeus in 2003.
Estuaries are especially important since they act as nurseries for many different types of young fish and other animals before they head out toward the open ocean.
Grizabella is chosen, and she is taken on a tire to fly into the Heaviside layer.
Singlaub has contributed to several books, as well as writing an autobiography.
导致通篇的动作戏流于形式，而情感烘托更是无处传递”，“影片节奏过快，以至于很多值得回味的美景一闪而过，很多应该引导观众思考的地方却压根没有时间停留” citation 。
Albania at the Olympics is a history which began in 1920.
The topic of his dissertation was The finite section method for the Wiener-Hopf integral operator.
之前在發售上買過PC-98版時的附贈劇本（
Award for Feature Reporting.
，首周销量为40,000份拷贝。 citation 在全美，该专辑共售出300,000份拷贝，
、心理諮商督導、醫療諮商心理、病情告知溝通技巧訓練師等多項專業證照；學術專長為醫療健康諮商心理治療、
He played 3 games for Japan until 1971.
One prisoner was kept locked up in J Ward for more than 60 years.
'de 14 maçta görev yaptı.
The varying voltage is measured across the armature circuit.
It was the terminus station until the Tuas West extension is completed.
From 1997 to 2005, he went to prison 8 times.
Many of these people migrate to a country in secret.
Stephen W. Sears, To the Gates of Richmond: The Peninsula Campaign (New York: Ticknor & Fields, 1992), p. 313 Lee ignored the advice and the attacks were unsuccessful.
;Titantron or simply Tron: a screen which is directly above the stage area of the arena used for showing entrance videos, other segments, and promos.
'da başlayan Orhan Kapucu yine bu takımda profesyonelliğe adım atmıştır.
Europe divided into two groups of allies: the Central Powers and the Allied Powers (the "Allies").
There are six new parks being made.
By combining all these things their music became very complicated indeed.
Because of this, there is no news on his current relationship status.
For example, if a company hires a plumber every time they need a leak or pipe fixed in their building, that plumber is an independent contractor.
，主要展出浦东的历史发展和风土人情。
Radiation may be prescribed by a radiation oncologist with intent to cure ("curative").
法国自1863年以来开始殖民柬埔寨。
结合各种信息，媒体认为，后一种猜测更接近事实。
Sibelius's music today is extremely popular.
These include tangerines, which are redder than most mandarins, and clementines, which are large, smooth and plump.
He was buried at St.Kilda Cemetery.
Bu şehir efsanesi, ülkenin dört bir yanındaki ilkokul ve ortaokul öğrencileri arasında büyük bir korkuya neden oldu.
，「醫療事故」是指醫療專業人員，在醫療活動中，違背相關的規章與醫療指引、規範，過失造成病人的傷害。
Small changes in a given browser's implementation of a standard may prevent that browser from using the web application.
The Declaration of Independence had many different effects.
Oyuncu, hangi askerî birimlerin inşa edileceğini, hangi tesislerin inşa edileceğini, bir kaynağın ne kadar üretileceğine karar verir ve aynı zamanda finans ve sosyal hizmetler gibi alanlarda hükûmet politikaları belirler.
Jordan Devlin won and got to start the tournament in the second round.
Franz Ferdinand üyeleri çeşitli gruplarda (Karelya, Yummy Fur, 10p Invaders ve Embriyo) 1990'larda çalmıştır.
他不認為觀眾能夠普遍接受該作的幽默片段，但在整體節奏上還是恰到好處的。
It was supported by Pennsylvania Governor Andrew Curtin.
Several of the siege engines were destroyed by the Scots' garrison and the Steward suddenly rushed in force from the town to drive off the enemy.
在墓道路面南端，东西向铺列一行碎砖，中间断条，西侧长1.
，島民脫離製糖公司的支配，並正式建村，成為南大東村。
As Tom watches horrified, the powerless, tired, grey-haired Sophia transforms into her own version of the Hyde persona, the red-headed Ms Utterson.
Barinka was drafted 59th overall in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft by the Chicago Blackhawks.
The computers involved in grid computing can be quite different from one another.
They said the black school was much worse than the white one.
Alejandro Awada (d. 7 Aralık 1961), Arjantinli oyuncu.
He was praised as an example of how scientific analysis could reconstruct events from the distant past.
The king's army was nearly twice as big as the rebel army.
Mullis greatly improved the technique, and it became a standard tool in DNA research.
He won many awards for his works including the Albert Einstein Award.
Unlike the original game, the updated version also allows for multiple solutions to puzzles and a new co-operative mode for two players.
Snipers usually wear camouflage clothing, to avoid being seen.
They had a Greek chorus that offered information to help the audience follow the performance.
接下来是内侍卢道隆关于齿轮和传动装置的详细数据。
In 1989, the front grille was changed to look like the ones used on the GMT400 series of pickups.
Modular arithmetic can be used to show the idea of congruence.
In Venezuela, Ivan caused four people to get killed.
The first person to solve all three puzzles, with the third one reading "Safe From Vote," wins Immunity.
Aile refah ve yemek kuponlarıyla yaşıyordu.
国朝嘉庆壬申岁圮，道光癸卯邑人潘浦重建。
Types of blast injuries A person may suffer multiple injuries and from more than one category of blast injury.
In 1947, aerosolized insecticides appeared on the mass market.
They also agreed that no aggressive actions should be made against the nation, and that its independence would be recognised.
Vendors often tease the customer by serving the ice cream cone on a stick, and then taking away the dondurma with the stick by rotating it around, before finally giving it to the customer.
'ün teşvikiyle, Ankara'daki Milli Hükümet'in gizli servisi olan M.M Grubu'na katılmış ve burada çok önemli istihbarat başarılarına imza atmıştır.
The bad guys were called Predacons, and their leader's name was Megatron.
He first appeared in Ghidorah, the Three-Headed Monster.
、上海大风堂书画研究会会长 citation 。2014年去世 citation 。
Tiyatronun giriş bölümü yerine bir alçak tavan konulacağına ilişkin kaygılar da artmaktaydı.
All 49 passengers and five crew members are killed in the crash in the worst aviation accident ever involving the ATR-42.
Politically, the neolatin Dalmatian city-states were often isolated and compelled to either fall back on the Venetian Republic for support, or tried to make it on their own.
Chuzan took over the other two kingdoms, united the three kingdoms, and created the Ryukyu Kingdom.
In 2010, 427 people lived there.
He was political leader from December 2016 and also parliamentary leader from March 2017 until January 2021.
In The Encyclopædia Britannica.
Santo domingo has a very diverse population, but it is mainly composed of blacks and mulattoes.
They built 27 observatories in the empire to collect data for calculations.
Each state can also have a phase.
Journal of High Energy Physics.
She also played Kate Harper in The West Wing.
He was full professor and director of the Laboratory of Genetics at the faculty of Sciences at Ghent University (
“阿中巴塔”四国军队反恐合作协调机制高级领导人会议的巴基斯坦陆军参谋长巴杰瓦，表明房峰辉已经被换下，但去向未明。
，石香爐則為1805年之古物。
Soylu sınıftan olanlar barış zamanında malikâneleri, yani feodal beyliği yönetir; savaş zamanında ise şövalye olarak donanıp kendilerine bağlı diğer şövalyelerle birlikte kralın veya başka bir soylunun ordusuna katılırdı.
Flora was educated in the village Cottisford and worked in various post offices in southern England.
It became the most successful movie of 1978.
Start No.3 was clean and Senna took the lead ahead of Berger, Prost, Boutsen, Patrese and Nannini.
Nussbaum, "Taishō Tennō" at p. 929. Emperors of Japan receive a new name at the time of their coronation, and people start using the new name, both to refer to the emperor himself and the name of the era during which he reigned.
The Yukon Party and the centrist Yukon Liberal Party each won three seats, although Liberal leader Ken Taylor failed to be elected.
The birthrate and population were declining.
She then had to quit because married female teachers were not allowed at that time.
Ancak buraların henüz araştırılması yapılıp hangi dönemlere ait olduğu tespit edilmemiştir.
The park had its last fair in 1899.
The Voltage in a parallel circuit is the same across all of the loads in the circuit.
There are 4 letters on the piece of paper.
It is the second largest island in the world.
Yiftah Tugayı daha sonra kuzeye transfer edildi.
She sacrifices her death and harbors hard feelings for him for a while afterward.
Manisa iline 185 km, Selendi ilçesine 18 km uzaklıktadır.
Oak Ridge makes most of the world's californium, which is used in cancer treatments.
美媒称该型两栖舰的单价为3亿美元 。
The management of common land in North West Europe, c. 1500-1850.
Recently oil was found in Spanish Lookout and is now in production.
Blow composed a large amount of music.
In May, the international friendship soccer tournament is held.
Elizabeth returns home soon after and thinks about Darcy's explanations and all her misunderstandings about him.
Camaleones (2009) and the TV series Mujeres asesinas 3 (2010).
She also was buried at the "
以色列歷史學家、國防軍的權威專家奧馬爾·巴托夫，在2003年寫道，國防軍是非自願進行種族滅絕的，而且國防軍所犯下的罪行是不真實的，國防軍是一個非政治性，專業的戰鬥力量，只有幾個壞蘋果。
Established on 4 November 1936.
There are many Exits in Central Station.
People were interested in how they could please her but they also were afraid of her.
In 1963 daughter Kenya was born.
This is one of the most popular Bibles.
After 2006 World Cup, Inamoto was not selected Japan 1 year for generational change.
Despite champions not being allowed to know, Hagrid covertly reveals to Harry that the first task is to get past a dragon.
In botany there are many ranks below that of species (in zoology there is only one such rank, subspecies, so that this "connecting term" is unnecessary there).
Four years ago, Fyodor Karamazov became a father to a fourth son, Smerdyakov.
Because of this the water molecule is a polar molecule: its charge is not evenly distributed.
，因意外地茂密生長，自此被認為是花蓮港街唯一的風景勝地，故提倡在此設公園，並在此設立了警察表忠碑和棒球場等設施 。
The rules of water polo were originally developed in the mid-nineteenth century in Great Britain by William Wilson.
纸上还预测了三个尚未发生的事故。
此后数年，解放前始建的教室、礼堂和校务处先后落成，田径场、科学馆、图书馆、膳厅、医疗室和学生宿舍相继配套建成。
After having fought and won the browser wars of the late 1990s, Internet Explorer gained almost total dominance of the browser market.
In 2010, 380 people lived there.
He began publishing in 1956.
A way to say it is: "If all known As are B, then probably all As whatever are B".
That shows how dangerous birds races can be.
In some of the legends, he betrayed Arthur and killed him.
Tamil Nadu, a South Indian state, is famed for its Dravidian-style Hindu temples.
She is a research professor at Stony Brook University.
Some composers are very precise about writing the dynamics they want.
Seeing these things made more people support the civil rights activists.
Adults are amphibious, and live in water and on land.
The Wii Speak Channel is downloadable once you buy the Wii Speak, used in certain games like Animal Crossing: City Folk.
From the St. John's Review, XLIV, 2 (1998) 1-59.
In 1956, under the States Reorganisation Act, states were reorganised on a linguistic basis.sfncheck Since then, their structure has remained largely unchanged.
It seems like she used the basic story and added parts from her own imagination.
Amory then learns that his friend from home has died.
在1843年，这条名为森林路（Forest Road）的道路从水坝一路通到鲁干诺地区的一艘人工绞盘固定的小船上。
Qing, Dai, 9. The River Dragon Has Come!: The Three Gorges Dam and the Fate of China's Yangtze River and Its People (East Gate Book).
Bilge de kendi kardeşinden dolayı bu isteği kabul eder ve ikili çok fazla Ali'nin çiftliğinde vakit geçirmeye başlarlar; bu da yakınlaşmalarına sebep olur.
Kardeşliğin lideri, Al Mualim, Altaïr'in rütbesini çıraklığa düşürür ve eski saygınlığını kazanması için dokuz kişiye suikast düzenlemesini ister.
Most of the people are on Great Harbour Cay.
Antik Yunanca'da ἔκδυσις (ékdysis, "dökülme") ve ζῷον (zōon, "hayvan") sözcüklerinin birleşmesinden oluşmuştur.
One is harder than the other.
The original inhabitants of Cuba died out, and little remains of their traditions.
In early May 2018, Godspeed began managing the channel "Mr & Mrs Gao".
The anisodactyl arrangement lets passerine birds perch on vertical surfaces, such as trees and cliffs.
Ülke yönetiminin en üst kademesinde ise devlet başkanı yer almaktadır.
瑪莉亞·泰瑞莎母女兩人都十分厭惡他。
He was to be their instructor for all the chants for the church year.
Economic Commission in 1948 and the United States National Research Council in 1954.
Over a million people were imprisoned and at least 700,000 executed between 1934 and 1939.
Catherine I of Russia began the building of the palace in 1717.
The king gave the new city the name Christiania, which later also written as Kristiania.
'nun sözlüğünde bulunmayan bir sözcüktür http://tdkterim.
Her books have been sold in over 20 languages.
He said had been asked by Renault team principal Flavio Briatore and engineer Pat Symonds to stage the crash.
Lewis Cass (October 9, 1782 June 17, 1866) was an American military officer, politician, and statesman.
Examples for this is mechanical wear, or degradation of the surface of the storage device.
The house was restored in 1910, after its classification in 1889.
Later the city was called Bubastis and is today known as Tell Basta.
One reason for covering the surface with gesso is that wood or canvas has a rough or uneven surface, and a colour.
In fact, the wind must not become too strong or it may damage the turbine.
A different spelling is Phebe.
This means that in theory, even the smallest club can get to the top of the system.
Huge walls were built at the edges of the ancient terrace, and the courts of the temple were filled with houses and streets.
Campaign map of the Boshin War (1868–69).
Like many bushrangers, Ben Hall and his gang robbed coaches that were carrying gold from the goldfields.
Spring in many parts of the world, rains for hours.
Ami and Yumi had just got back from a world tour concert and decide to take a break.
In them, he covered different periods in his life.
When the truth comes out, Ciarán leaves the Druids and Sevenwaters and Niamh is forced to marry the Uí Néill chieftan, Fionn.
There is no absolute difference between a dialect and a language.
Frank Stenton, Anglo-Saxon England (Oxford University Press, 1971), pp. 71-72 For the next two centuries there were no law codes written after those of Ine.
Some other, related programmes were shown on E4.
这种有协调者参与的冲突恢复机制需要4个从客户端到Learner的消息延迟。
Additionally, lights are shone on the flags that show if it was a win or loss.
There are different types of Pentecostal churches.
Known as a drinker, he has even placed a bet and drank a bottle of sake.
They ask God to forgive them for sins against God.
There are many songs and stories about Dreamtime, which generations of aboriginal people have passed down to their children.
Sistemin harekâta hazırlık oranı ve ECM ortamındaki harekât performansı artırılmış, anti-radar füzelerine karşı sessiz kalma modu kazandırılmış ve Rapier Mk-IIB füzeleri sayesinde hedef angajman menzilinde kayda değer bir artış sağlanmıştır.
El Chavo del Ocho is still popular.
The shepherd music starts again, but it is only one of the shepherds playing.
In round-robin tournaments where there are an odd number of competitors, usually one gets a bye in each round.
McCartney and Starr still make music.
They are considered cute.
Scala was known for her roles in Tip on a Dead Jockey (1957), The Garment Jungle (1957), The Tunnel of Love (1958), and The Guns of Navarone (1961).
The United States had sold many weapons to Iran before the war. it was believed the soviet union was selling weapons to both sides during the war.
After the war, some families came to live here and in 1864, during the period of the Restoration War, the city was made a municipality.
He was in the year of completion in 1969, the second highest television tower in the world and is one of the 10th most popular attractions in Germany with over one million visitors annually.
By combining each tree, a grand tree connecting all living things can be made, this is called the "Tree of Life".
Awamori is made from rice.
Ayşe Sultan çok şanslıydı; çünkü erkek olmadığı için idam edilmedi.
The lander was known as Sparrow, and was officially named Beresheet (
道隆薨后，伊周仍在服丧，就开始管起政事，许多政务均由他裁定。
But he had to step down four days later for participating in the Language Movement.
Richmond, p. 122 This helped to attract younger people to Tejano, which was not liked before by young adults.
Goose (plural geese, genus Anser) is a genus containing 11 species within the swan subfamily.
Portrenin sol alt köşesinde Kustodiev, şenlik alanında yakın arkadaşı şarkıcının sekreteri I. Dvorictchin ile gezinen Şalyapin'in kızları Mary ve Martha'yı resmetmiştir.
Miller found out that if you ask people to remember a list of words or numbers, most people can remember only between five and nine words or numbers.
The populated is about 60,000 people, and the county hall is seated in Yeongam-eup.
From the South pole, everywhere is North.
Birim hiperbolün sağ kolu pozitif tamsayıya karşılık gelir.
Enrique Fidel Verástegui Peláez (24 April 1950 27 July 2018), was a Peruvian poet, physicist, philosopher and mathematician.
门外两侧有下马碑、牌坊、石狮和华表等，原为木制，乾隆时改为石制。
Liquid will help get rid of constipation.
'nin güneyinde yer alır.
Clue is a 1985 American mystery comedy movie directed by first time director Jonathan Lynn and was based on the board game Cluedo.
Padraic wrote three books of stories from Hawaii.
Encyclopedia of Australian wildlife.
Scarcity can be used to describe an economic situation in economics, or it can be used to describe more general situations.
When they get to Miranda, the crew finds everyone that lived there is dead.
If we cannot inspect all schools annually, how can we expect to monitor individual families?
The Vostok was the first rocket with enough power to reach a solar orbit, with Lunar 1, launched on January 2, 1959.
The company also publishes Federal Times.
There were 275 of them built.
西南自海陽迤東為浪煖廢口，黃壘河入，亦至文登界。
It gives the government information about hostile activities inside the UK.
They arrived safely at the desert-country of Coptos: they moored in peace, carrying the goods they had brought.
It is a device that is designed to receive the signals which are in the form of both electric and electromagnetic form.
If a contestant fails on a level, the game ends.
Sometimes the parody calls for it to be banned and/or labelled as dangerous.
It is a right bank tributary of the Vrbanja River.
His last years were spent in bitter struggle against Matthäus Lang of Wellenburg, Bishop of Gurk, who succeeded him in 1519.
Bu arada televizyonlarda o anki ağır siklet şampiyonu (Mason The Lion Dixon) (
Film, 6 Mart 2020'de Amerika Birleşik Devletleri'nde gösterime girdi.
There are other types of magic like "Time magic".
，此案被推迟到2020年审理。2021年4月，美國最高法院以6:2的判决，裁定谷歌是在合理使用Java API citation 。
Brangane ona hanımının isteğini bildirir ama Tristan çok haşin bir tavırla geminin karaya yaklaştığını ve yerinin geminin dümeni başında olduğunu söyler.
She then knelt by the block and tied a piece of cloth around her eyes.
由於路面較窄，光塔路平日較爲寧靜，
It can be used to isolate certain types of bacteria that it is not toxic to.
This manga series features Ravenpaw, a former apprentice of ThunderClan, and his adventures to take back his home from former BloodClan cats.
Oxford City Council wanted the shark removed from the house because it was not safe for the people living near.
The Saqqara list also does not include them in its list of 58 names.
，每集請來影圈名人或樂壇歌手擔任嘉賓，品嚐美食之餘，還可玩遊戲贏獎品。
根據main的《女性風俗業從業者的時薪排行榜（2006年版）》，AV女優是風俗業當中時薪最高的。
He was president of the Ireland China Institute.
They married on 27 January 1990 and have two daughters named Laura (born 1993) and Alba (born 1995).
In 2016 he introduced his boyfriend, Daniel Preda. citation He is good friends with many fellow YouTubers, including Cat Valdes and Louise Pentland.
He and his wife, Maud Gage Baum, raised four sons.
In 2008, Tori made an agreement with Epic Records and left the label.
Baekdu has large crater lake, It is called Heaven Lake.
這些作品基於由Chair Entertainment和Epic Games開發的動作角色扮演iOS視頻遊戲無盡之劍。
Naloxone works by pushing the opiates off their landing spots.
McGovern was married to Eleanor Stegeberg from 1943 until her death in 2007.
During World War II, he was in charge of the Vatican's work for refugees and prisoners of war.
They can live in towns or zoos.
為了再次阻止父親而獨自闖入惡魔城探險。
The ferry carries bicycles.
The largest lake of the province, and of Umbria, is the Trasimeno, one of the largest lake of Italy.
It is a good attraction for fishing.
That is more than any other department of Paraguay.
Pupils’ behaviour is outstanding and they make good progress.
Assomption River at Chutes Monte-à-Peine Park in Matawinie Regional County Municipality, Quebec.
Culture is a word for the 'way of life' of groups of people, meaning the way they do things.
The Conservative Party won enough seats to form the government.
After losing the Battle of the Dam, Meredith moved further south, because he heard the birds were "fairly tame".
At about 5.00pm, electric power was lost, and the wind stopped.
New York: Harper and Row, 1987 Finally, George Crum became so angry he decided to exaggerate.
The rotating blades or gated runners of water turbines can interrupt the natural ecology of rivers, killing fish, stopping migrations, and disrupting peoples' livelihoods.
，兄弟表面看似風光，實則如履薄冰。
”击打取火，所以燧石也叫作火石，
Yearly precipitation changes from convert depending on the region.
In these countries, a percentage of children are born outside marriage.
So it may be that, even if it were possible for wheels to evolve, they would not be found often in nature.
It was built with help from the French government's CIRI lab. citation citation Some of the money to build the laboratory was given by the U.S. government.
When Charles fled to England, Cromwell followed him, leaving George Monck to finish winning the war in Scotland.
It is the second largest tribe in the United States.
They also wanted to protect the plants and animals that lived in the area.
I would say to myself: 'All you have to do is write one true sentence.
Abdelkrim Ghallab (December 31, 1919 – August 14, 2017) was a Moroccan political journalist, cultural commentator, and novelist.
A person who says something untrue is often called a "liar".
They began collaborating on songs that would slowly evolve into Downs' subsequent recordings.
Although Bedford has no large theatre there are many amateur groups such as the Bedford Dramatic Club, Swan Theatre Company, Bedford Marianettes who perform in several places such as the Bowen West Theatre and Civic Theatre.
Enjoying her riches and security for the first time since the war began, Scarlett becomes increasingly greedy, furnishing her new mansion opulently and in Rhett's opinion tastelessly.
听诊器更分“单用听诊器”、“双用听诊器”、“三用听诊器”、“立式听诊器”和“多用听诊器”等多种，用于在不同环境听诊不同状况的病人。
，指的都是一种学校教育活动（下文阐述教育上的详细定义）。“
，排名單第四位 citation 。
Ne yazık ki gayet büyük mikyaslı (uydu) haritaları gizlilik kurallarına uyularak çok araştırmacılara açık değildir.
Lady Anne Percival is very different from Lady Delacour.
“Vinyl”, which is recorded in the album, is designated as a television CM song.
The terms Power over Ethernet (PoE), Power over LAN (PoL), and inline power are synonymous terms used to describe the powering of attached devices via Ethernet ports.
An image showing Sagittarius.
Sivas iline 52 km, Hafik ilçesine 18 km uzaklıktadır.
Derealization is a sense of unreality of the outside world.
，李翔和唐晖分任西班牙胡米利亚俱乐部和穆尔西亚学生俱乐部的副主席。
On February 1, 2015 former 24TECHNO entered the thematic channels package "Digital TV" (subsidiary RTR and "Rostelecom").
She also helped to organize the Mississippi Freedom Democratic Party (MFDP).
Ona en iyi şekilde bakmakta, beslemekte ve doğum yapmasını beklemektedir.
Honecker and the East German government, however, refused to implement similar reforms in the DDR. citation As the reform movement spread across Central and Eastern Europe there were demonstrations against the East German government.
The two main types of activities are the collection of data, and the development of theories.
The president is directly elected by the people for five years.
For several years he lived in Big Sur in California.
The reasoning is that their extra size and capability might put even more of its precious native animals at risk.
In 2010, 626 people lived there.
The wood gas was made in a special oven called generator, which was carried on the car.
This is called a digest.
They are not the only religious group to pronounce the holy name as Jehovah.
Ronald McNair Scott, Robert the Bruce, King of Scots (New York: Carroll & Graf Publishers, Inc., 1999), p. 153 Looking around the king saw English cavalry moving around their left.
It was joined by pro-Pierre Mendès-France clubs (Union of Clubs for the Renewal of the Left led by Alain Savary) and left-wing republican groups (Union of Socialist Groups ad Clubs of Jean Poperen).
The Solothurn was developed by Rheinmetall.
However, not all section headers function in a particular character as the semantic component.
It is not known where and when he was born.
It is located on the far south side of the city.
He founded The House of Givenchy in 1952.
This is a more legitimate service.
Ask for help on the talk page if you need it.
Meltzer has also written that WWE would have said the attendance was higher than it actually was because they didn't want to let their fans down.
No one died in the state.
Ken Schultz, Ken Schultz's Field Guide to Freshwater Fish (Hoboken, NJ: J. Wiley & Sons, 2004), p. 161 Fresh water Atlantic salmon are smaller than the anadromous (ocean-dwelling) Atlantic salmon.
It is made up of nineteen lines.
Ayrıca Kastamonu Üniversitesi Tosya Meslek Yüksekokulu'nda 2019-2020 Mayıs ayı itibarıyla 8 bölümde 993 öğrenci eğitim-öğretim görmektedirler.
The children were usually taught by women and did not learn very much.
羊里镇总面积75.66平方公里，辖53村，61287人（2017），2018年全镇工农业总产值430亿元，其中二、三产业占比达92%以上，经济发展在全区镇（街道）中名列前茅。
Vane wanted to shoot Keightley for killing Burke, but Ben Hall stopped him.
Unlike his older brothers, however, he never wanted to do wrestling (according to certain wrestlers tied to Mike, including his brother Kevin).
She was very popular in the 1950s and 1960s.
When all the telescopes are combined, the facility can achieve an angular resolution of about 0.001 arc-second.
Many act "unnaturally", breaking the natural balance of the Dao.
中国人民解放军海军的第一批大型登陆舰。
Sandwiches are commonly made of white bread, brown bread or French bread, but can also be made of other types (e.g. a panini uses ciabatta).
但是若需轉乘main（市電）main時，需要越過運河上的御田橋或經過東海道本線的平交道，造成不便。
Hava filolarından biri Fw 190 serisi avcı uçakları filosu, diğer ise Hs 129 yer bombardıman uçaklarından oluşan filodur.
He retaliated with an attack on Constantinople, and Venice helped the Byzantines.
Uncovering the secrets of the red planet Mars.
During her tenure in the Clinton administration, Flournoy was the author of the May 1997 Quadrennial Defense Review (QDR).
In the end the motion passed by 295 to 177 votes.
北斗七星經常都是初學著在北半球的天空中認識的第一個星群。
Hennard had a dislike of women and survivors of the shooting said that he went by men to shoot the women.
It is used by traffic from the M62 to the west as a straight route into Manchester.
In 2010, the Council of Ministers of the Economic Union of Central Africa (CAEU), gave Epaye the Medal of Grand Officer of the Order of Merit from the CEMAC Community.
This and many other volunteers of non-German background were believers in the German cause.
Chapter 6 "The being and becoming of birds" is about the origin of birds.
The European Court said so in its decisions C-465/02 and C-466/02 (from October 25, 2005).
The PACE said that voters had "made their choice freely among a large number of contestants."
The density of the air also affects how well an aircraft works.
Working with associates in Haiti, our researchers found that to obtain such a lease took 65 bureaucratic steps requiring, on average, a little more than two years.
If something big hits their web then they drop straight down to the ground and run away.
Bu Haçlı ordusunun sayısını tahmin etmek çok zordur ve modern tarihçiler değişik kaynaklar değişik usuller kullanarak değişik sayılara varmışlardır.
It gives the smoker the chance to break smoking cues in their daily lives, and might provide a more comfortable exit from the smoking habit.
Çok fazla özel bakıma ihtiyaç duymayan zebra ispinozları için, sakin, günışığı alan ve cereyandan uzak bir köşe yeterlidir.
The Valley is about 200 miles long.
The club was established on 24 May 1971.
與以往的系列不同，此系列的特徵在於「自由替換組裝」。
For example, the word cart in New York sounds similar to cot or caught.
Its lagoon is about 5km by 8 km.
The seasons are separated by two single tournaments each year, the Apertura, from July to December, and the Clausura, from January to May.
He was born in Concerviano, Italy.
The Second International was split by the outbreak of World War I. A small part carried on as the International Socialist Commission.
It features 42 parlor games.
One focus of all the Star Trek franchises is a Federation law called "The Prime Directive."
同一天，六对同性伴侣起诉King County以获得婚姻许可。
Theologians see this feeling of shame as a consequence of the fall from grace.
Four of his five sisters became nuns.
Ancient hybridizations among the ancestral genomes of bread wheat.
's ice bridge ability will return from the previous games.
母沈氏（贈孺人） citation 。
Old trees can spread out laterally using these prop roots to cover a wide area.
It is not certain where the word "OK" originally comes from, but some experts say it came from a funny way of writing "Ol Korrect" (All correct).
In 2006, 23,600 danced simultaneously in a total of 36 cities.
標本現保存於祿豐恐龍研究中心，
Some conservatives have thought the story has a conservative point of view, although Vonnegut was not a conservative.
It has been in production since 1996 and is still produced as of 2012.
The Royal Engineers Search Team (REST) had detected a further four VOIEDs in the immediate area and stoically, like he has on over 80 other occasions in the last five months, he set about disposing of them too.
Ana etkinlikten önceki maçta Bobby Lashley ve Braun Strowman; takım maçında Kevin Owens ve Sami Zayn'le karşılaştı.
If called with no arguments, the statistics will reflect the entire network.
登陸後克里辛的對流變淺，環流也明顯縮減，聯合颱風警報中心隨即對其發佈最後警報 citation （英文） ，而菲律賓大氣地球物理和天文服務管理局亦在下午7時把其降為低壓區。
But there are problems along the way.
'a çok sayıda kitlesel olarak göç etmek zorunda kalan Bahtiyarileri ve Feyliler'i yendi.
TV show FlashFoward, and Emma Lundergren in the ABC TV show Blood & Oil.
It was the first movie directed by Luke Greenfield.
Her concert had ended early because Tejano fans were throwing food at Selena.
Guzmán was once again arrested by Mexican authorities in Mexico on February 22, 2014.
His famous song entitled "Le Mexicain" reached number 1 on the charts in France.
The Dao, or the "way", is an idea which existed before and after creation.
It can be clear or different colors, white, yellow or green.
It is used mostly in books and general printing.
The USRCS was reduced to eight cutters.
Kenneth I of Scotland, last king of Dalriada, king of Pictland, Dalriada and Scotland.
These are common Furbish pharses.
巴爾默曾经管理过微软公司的好几个部门，包括操作系统部、營運部、销售部和售后服務部等。
"Yok Yok" ve "Yolcu Yolunda Gerek" şarkılarının sözleri albüm kapağına göre "Ö.
All Music Guide, LLC. p. 1456.
She died peacefully.
He could speak fluent Latin, French and Spanish.
World War I was the first time the army experimented with mobile hospitals.
It replaced the Union Defence Force (UDF) in 1957.
By the 1970s, dengue hemorrhagic fever had become a major cause of death in children.
黃貫中微博斥阿奎諾三世 「誰要暗殺你我出錢」, 蘋果日報 He later took back his speech.
，意思是「我會做好這份工作」），英文版為「I'll get the job done」。
In the later comic books, Stark took an experimental virus called "Extremis" which allowed him to control his suit with his mind and summon it wherever he was.
General de Gaulle and his enemies: Anti-Gaullism in France since 1940.
Nuclear fusion reactors don't exist yet and are still being developed.
From there, it continues as Mexican Federal Highway 85D.
Training drivers, competitive strategy and clients' needs: Case studies of three business process outsourcing organisations.
Dönem Başkanlık Divanı kâtip üyeliği ve X. Dönem Millî Eğitim Komisyonu Başkanlığı yapmıştır.
Gandhi continued to oppose the British, and demanded that all other leaders be set free.
Soon, Peter was invited to attend a demonstration by a man named Otto Octavius.
All 225 people on the plane were killed.
In 1942 she became a member of the Organization of Ukrainian Nationalists.
Many groups of the movement were there, even Communists, and set up their tables all around the edges of the hall, together with undercover spies, creating an air of excitement.
This video is also known in other names, such as "Steve Ballmer Going Nuts" and "Ballsy (aka Steve Ballmer) on Crack".
A hash function determines a unique value based on the data it is storing.
Retrieved on 24 November 2015.
本身支持菲里妮成為領主一族的專屬文官，希望她能多多提攜自己和家人。
As the series progressed Jack showed a more malevolent side and enjoyed winding up other watch members, which led to him and Recall coming to blows.
Next, wire and clay models are made.
Any citizen of 21 years is eligible for election.
西方人來說，可能會看得一頭霧水。
Russell came to national attention in the mid-1990s.
'daki yeni Komünist Parti hükümetinin açık sözlü bir muhalifiydi.
Kalender Şah Çelebi İsyanı Anadolu da Alevilik-Bektaşilik üzerine kurulu çıkan son büyük isyandır.
Goats and other pet animals graze in pastures.
Schrödinger wanted to show that this way of thinking about quantum mechanics would lead to absurd situations.
Zabel went on to win two stages in the race.
He played most of his career for Bohemians Prague.
He took revenge and along with Sukhdev he attacked the officials car and beated them with clubs and sticks and escaped unnoticed in the night.
He is married to Noa and a father of 9 children.
由該道路向北北東可前往崎子頭並止於嘉義縣、市邊界，續行可接湖子內路前往嘉義市區；向南偏東可前往嘉義、臺南邊界，續行可接臺南市區道南86-1線以前往白河區草店。
“公共户” citation 。
The "true" or actual thirteenth pope Benedict identified himself with the ordinal number XIV.
In 1960 the Belgian Congo stopped being under Belgian rule. citation Two years later Ruanda-Urundi also became free.
A problem is a situation that needs to be changed.
Much the same is true of microflies, which are also common.
Building a farm needed many people than a typical family could provide.
It was not well rehearsed, and lasted only 65 performances.
A green signal means 'you can continue'.
He also served as President of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific.
He was director of the Defense Nuclear Agency from 1985 to 1987.
This new internet platform will allow music fans all over the world to see and hear the Philharmonic’s concerts – live or on demand.
From 1862 till 1872, the canal to the river Leie was dug.
創建於1907年，目前是通用美國運輸公司（General American Transportation Corporation）的子公司。
The classic example of a cline is the circle of subspecies of the gull Larus round the Arctic zone.
It was written for a performance at a girls’ school.
The predicate provides information about the subject.
It was the second of two brand only events, the first being One Night Stand in June 2006.
This means Köpenick is older than Berlin-Cölln, which was first mentioned in a 1237 deed.
Arcade Fever: The Fan's Guide to the Golden Age of Video Games.
The observation of star positions showed that the apparent star positions close to the Sun were changed.
Chong Jia Wen 在2013年柔佛国际舞厅舞明日之星锦标赛中夺得2枚金牌，
The Pulizer Prize Archive, Volume 10, "Novel/Fiction Awards 1917-1994".
Temmuz 1998'de çıkmıştır.
蘇軍指揮官開始在城市周圍構築大規模的防禦：
Rowf: Rowf is a black Labrador-mix.
Their dangling stamens produce lots of pollen that is light enough to be carried by the wind.
While many above-ground stations have only a few steps to the platform, nearly all Underground stations have some of the systems's 410 escalators and 112 lifts (
Finally, a cross-claim is the same as a counter-claim or contribution claim, except that it is asserted by a defendant against other defendants.
This was the last Griffith movie to star the Gish sisters.
，古埃及贸易随着古埃及文明一起趋于消亡。
Big companies like Hyundai Heavy Industries, Hyundai Hysco, Hyundai Mipo Dockyard, Hyundai Motor Company, SK Innovation, S-Oil, etc. are in Ulsan.
在夏威夷語中，「Kai」意思是「海」或者「海流」，「 elua」是「二」的意思；合起來就是「兩個海」或「兩個海流」之意 citation 。
催淚煙漂向附近的夜市小販熟食檔，多名小販及途人不適。
But Elijah did not come down instead said (2 Kings 1:10, NIV) "If I am a man of God, may fire come down from heaven and consume you and your fifty men!
The last Han emperor Xian left power in 220, and handed it to Xao Pi.
The founders of the textile company C&A, Clemens and August Brenninkmeyer, were born in Mettingen.
Sicim kuramında ise, sicimlerin her çizelgedeki hareketleri biliniyor olarak kabuledildiğinden bu işlemleri yapmak gereksizdir.
He is one of the greatest violinists of this time.
Every year, 15 million tons of surfactants are made.
Tel Aviv turned out to be the only example of one of Geddes’ plans being built largely as he envisaged and is a good example of an early planned city.
：組成空軍「main」、陸軍「main」及「main」派往阿富汗。
North Queensland is a coastal region.
This frog can live in forests or grasslands.
被聂卫平称为“最难忘的一局”，列在“人生九局”之首。
Chief Ross promised that he and other Cherokee leaders would bring the Cherokee people to their new lands on their own.
There are about 150 leaflets.
A keylogger is a piece of software or computer hardware which records keystrokes on a computer.
As of 31 December 2018, 2,422 people lived there.
Most people recover fully but death can occur in the elderly.
The B section is entirely different.
United Nations Environment Programme-World Conservation Monitoring Centre (Content Partner); Mark McGinley (Topic Editor).
The bridge collapse killed 13 people and injuried at least 145 more people.
His music came to him during walks on his own, in the country or in Paris, often at night, and in any weather.
具体的认可原则在运动章程中有明确规定。
The path leading up to the monument.
Thirty-one homes and some businesses were destroyed by the EF4 tornado.
New York: Mother Earth Publishing Association, 1912.
較高語義層級的語言指涉較低階層級語言是合法的，反之則不然。
Outside the two caves is a sub-tropical garden lined with palm trees where one will find many different trees and flowers.
，樹高可達 20 公尺，徑可達 40 公分，樹皮暗灰褐色，小枝光滑無毛，或於幼時略被短柔毛。
Eklenti 6 Aralık 2011'de yayınlandı.
Shelley has a church called All Saints.
Craig's parents are divorced and his father remarried.
The story first appeared in print about 1730.
King Harald is the first king born in Norway in over 600 years.
This sentence was very light.
Best for an overview of the wider context of medieval Mongol history and culture.
It was started in 1892.
One tribe member at a time will swim out, dive down, unclip a puzzle piece, and bring it back to the puzzle frame.
The dead nuns give themselves over to unholy thrills.
He was one of the pioneers of Direct Cinema.
Then there is the canopy layer.
She really cares about her friends, and helps them reach their goals.
Elliott co-wrote the movie with Resnick.
There, she helped her father and managed her father's land.
John was an efficient ruler, but he lost approval of the barons by taxing them in ways outside those traditionally allowed by feudal overlords.
At the end of Beast Wars, the Maximals tried to catch Megatron.
Yine yer aldığı 2013 yapımı Doctor Jacquin karakterini canlandırdığı Stoker (2013) adlı filmle bilinir.
、民政處長鄭文華及文化處長徐芬春到場，管理委員會多數人到齊，但無人參加與相關祭祀及執槌過程，並有人抗議遞交陳情書。
For example, the kanji 毒, which means "poison", only has the on-yomi "doku".
He also was a member of the national Law Commission from 2016 to 2018.
Since the 1940s, Kansas has been a very conservative state.
Nothing is known however about her mother.
Pauli's exclusion principle says that particles cannot be in the same place or have the same speed.
The presidential office was created in 1948 under the 1947 Constitution of the Republic of China.
Mehmed ne bir insan ne bir hayvana rastlar, yiyecek ve içecek hiçbir şey bulunmaz.
Name of this exhibition is “Výtvarné Hlinecko” and some of exhibited images are borrowed from National gallery.
London, UK: National Portrait Gallery.
在21世紀時，家庭的領袖通常埋於其居住的居處內。
On April 6, 1885, Lavinia married Count Primo Magri, an Italian miniature person who had come to America seeking his fortune.
These are called adventitious breath sounds.
王曰：「適主人不知何事，施飯於庭，我亦隨眾啗噉。
The Quarters do not evenly divide the city into four parts, and not all of Belfast's city centre is part of a Quarter.
He then gets another fatal blows from Kapil.
This caused him to have to feel all the pain he had caused.
Isaac, even when he was young, was good at and liked rhyming.
The tail region itself consists of the caudal peduncle and the caudal fin.
Sonradan isim değiştirmesinden ötürü birçok kişi ona müslüman gözüyle baksa da bu inanca sahip olup olmadığı kesin olarak bilinmemektedir.
Fernández was born on Tuesday, September 4, 1990, in Mérida, Venezuela, to Nadia Krupij Holojad and José Luis Fernández.
，以供近距离或光学瞄准具损毀、无法使用的紧急情况下使用。
同时，这样做还使得导轨结构进一步简化，减少了视觉上的污染；另外，由于当一辆车的变轨系统故障时对其他车辆的影响较小，所以这样的变轨系统故障率也更低。
The stadium is also the homeground of two rugbyteams (Lions and Golden Lions).
Autodesk Inventor Profesyonel yazılımının tüm ana özellikleriyle birlikte, güzergahlı sistemler için geliştirilmiş tasarım, araç oluşturma ve simülasyon özellikleri içerir.
Villa gave the role of Petra Herrera in the revolution to an unknown woman.
，乾明寺被毁，仅剩这座铁幢现存的乾明寺是2001年至2005年由公众筹款在原址上重建的。
When the ruling monarch is a king instead of a queen, the title of the anthem then becomes "God Save the King".
Many people are involved in the industry of making, selling or showing pornography.
He had two daughters with Tregillus.
Accessed online July 19, 2008.
The project did commence only until recently.
Huntington Beach is well known for its 8.5 mile (13.7 km) strip of beach running down the west side.
He made his way across England to France, south through Germany, across Switzerland to Italy, back north for a second stay in Paris, and around northern Germany before embarking from Bremerhaven in late-November.
The district magistrate or the deputy commissioner is assisted by a number of officers belonging to Punjab Civil Service and other state services.
It was divided by 100 in small metal links.
，南侧为文化街；校园西侧是国家卫星海洋应用中心牡丹江地面站，东侧为牡丹江大学和黑龙江林业职业技术学院。
Giuseppe Zamberletti (17 December 1933 – 26 January 2019) was an Italian politician.
In 1847 the city council passed a law banning building of new wooden houses.
None of these goals were achieved.
'nın başlangıcında 1914'te Güney Afrika'da meydana geldi.
Fig Pudding is written using an episodic plot style.
Milan Smrčka; best known as Záviš (
It stood next to the king’s palace, and was both God’s royal palace and Israel’s center of worship.
Raphael's last work of art was a painting of the Transfiguration.
The course takes five years.
In 2008, Caron claimed her American citizenship because her mother was born in the United States.
The government can borrow money and give people jobs (work).
At the age of 12, she was invited by the 'Queen of Merengue', Milly Quezada, to sing with her on stage in front of a big crowd of over thousand people.
In 829 Egbert invaded, then defeated all of Mercia.
's Care Bears show also took place at a summer camp.
Raskin replied that going around in this way is legal.
From 1984 to 1988, he was the Giants' manager.
The doldrums in January (
They are different in what they are used for, what they can do or how they are made.
The couple's son, Paul was born in 1937.
Most nuclear reactors are used to make electricity.
The researcher becomes part of the setting or mixes with the people being studied.
Historians consider all this proof enough that he was not involved in any way with the man in the mask.
After four days, the Germans had invaded 70% of the country.
Artist Brenda Chamberlain won the Gold Medal for Art at the Eisteddfod on two occasions: in 1951 for Girl with Siamese Cat, and in 1953 with The Christin Children.
Anna Moore is tricked into a fake marriage by the rich Lennox Sanderson.
Fullmer began his professional career in 1951 and won his first 29 fights, 19 by knockout.
When the specific impulse is higher, less fuel is needed to make the rocket perform at a certain level.
Mazda produces cars only in Japan and Mexico, but 80% of its sales are outside of Japan.
The series did not want fans to think they were go-karts.
They also prey on deep-sea fish.
Then they missed the next four Games.
總共有223萬的寬頻使用者， citation TM UniFi是馬來西亞首個高速宽带互联网服務，Unifi在推出后24個月內被公認為世界上最快和最低成本的宽带互联网业务之一。
Valonia ventricosa usually grow alone, but sometimes they grow in groups.
A two-track tape has one track on half of the tape and another track on the other half.
It was a medium-sized nodosaurid, measuring about 5 meters (16.5 ft) long.
，大田也在聖火歡迎儀式上發表講話 citation 。
’nin) benzer fikirler vardı.
该冰川自观测以来一直在退缩，1993年该冰川分裂成两支独立的冰川系统。
The super-eruption of Toba: did it cause a human bottleneck?
Birthday Honours 2020: Marcus Rashford and Joe Wicks honoured alongside key workers https://www.
The reason for either type of challenge is that each lawyer is trying to find jurors who are sympathetic to their case.
It occurs on our skin normally.
This is because the child does not want to get punishment.
In some cases, however, "Not" is not acceptable, and vice versa.
The trilobites are a good example.
Sulfur hexafluoride is sprayed on lithium.
Even at the age of 60 he was still active and wrote some of his most famous symphonies there.
Bāguà zhǎng means "eight trigram palm," according to the trigrams of the Yijing (
F-18戰鬥機；再加上每艘艾塞克斯級的復修費用超過五億美金（500,000,000），使復修計畫顯得不切實際。
不喜歡雜亂無章，在研究所的私人房間裡除了一把椅子之外什麼都沒有。
Hi mother was Louisa Lawson, a poet, publisher and feminist.
The tops of these clouds are usually not much higher than convert.
Saint Catherine of Alexandria, also known as Saint Catherine of the Wheel and The Great Martyr Saint Catherine (
Ali Velshi of MSNBC was shot in the leg.
Leonard was made laughed at (made fun of) for sleeping in class.
》的專業樂評main在標題為「Babymetal的音樂影片是有史以來最偉大的 - 還是最糟糕的？
In the world, midnight is the start of one day and the end of the last day.
• Packet forwarding in Bridges are performed using software.
He became a UEI board director.
Bamboo is more commonly used in Asia where it’s favored for strength, flexibility, and eco-friendliness.
" in English). citation They remained married until his death in 1057.
Seventeen has released three Korean studio albums, two special albums, one compilation album and ten extended plays(EPs).
The clear rings are made by slow freezing of the water, which lets bubbles escape.
He was best known for the 1992 book, Lahore - A Sentimental Journey.
She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2017 World Aquatics Championships, citation citation citation citation and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.
A 97-round pan magazine, as used on a 7.92×57mm Lewis gun, Museum of Coastal Defence, Poland.
She was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2008 Queen's Birthday Honours for services to the tourist industry and to charity.
南京具有悠久的氣象觀測研究歷史，
He didn't like cars or the radio.
》，1975年至1976年2月二度連載時，列為《
The bones in the display are mostly replicas of the originals, which are too fragile to be used.
。 citation 这座城市也被HuffPost评为最佳街头艺术城市中的15个。 citation 此外，时代出版物将马六甲作为最适合居住和退休的地方之一。
But Gollum was careless and fell into the volcano, which killed him and destroyed the One Ring.
These include The 24 Hour Woman and Witness.
He is an expert on the Anglo-Japanese Alliance and Japanese foreign policy.
A fulfillment house or fulfillment centre are modern terms for a packing warehouse.
They thought it more likely that the skull was strong to absorb stresses from struggling prey.
It is a member of Category:Wikipedia articles with paid content and in turn Category:Wikipedia articles with possible conflicts of interest.
It is the second last ranked Ivy League University with Cornell being the last.
After people learned about the many benefits the tower provided, no one wanted it to be taken apart.
In the early years, the Raiders struggled.
Systematics Association Special Volume 21, London: Academic Press.
His other son Vince Köpke is living with his friend Zac Klingenthal in a shared apartment.
These new defensive positions placed the two armies less than one hundred fifty yards apart.
He did not think it was as good as the DFV.
》後再次合作的一檔音樂綜藝節目，於2018年10月公佈拍攝計劃 citation ，節目入選「匠人之道權力榜」2019最具期待網綜 citation ；節目於2019年4月開始錄製，于2019年5月至8月播出。
Ankst has been the launch-pad for several popular Welsh artists, including Super Furry Animals and Gorky's Zygotic Mynci.
The Bermejo is not able to be travelled on.
There was little experience leading forces bigger than the battalion level.
Memurluk bu köylüler arasında en çok tercih edilen meslektir.
This allows local farmers to grow flowers earlier than would grow on mainland Britain.
As of 2016, 483 people lived there.
Nang Rong Falls or Namtok Nang Rong (น้ำตกนางรอง) The waterfall originates from a source on a high mountain in Khao Yai National Park.
In the World Cup in 2016 he won in the final against Xu Xin.
The movie is based on the story of the same name by Damon Runyon.
如經說諸令心住與等住安住近住及定住不亂不散攝寂止等持心住一緣性。
Section chiefs are ranked analogous to special agents in charge.
It is also authorized to build roads within Town Panchayat limits and impose taxes on properties coming under its jurisdiction.
It was decided they would eliminate the free-state settlers living in Lynn County.
Soon after, Mortimer comes and says he too had found out Mr. Monckton’s meanness, and he had angrily told Mr. Monckton to tell Mr. Delvile the truth about Cecilia.
In 1994 Riley started another band called Blackstreet.
Jace Allen gains super speed when his father brings him into the Speed Force to attempt to cure him of a virus injected into his body by Cobalt Blue in an attempt to end the Allen bloodline.
The Brandenburg Gate and the Demminer Gate were built in 1450.
He was known in the media as "The Lonely Hearts Killer" and "The Glamour Girl Slayer".
There are no rivers, lakes, or other kinds of standing water in Aberdeen.
Leonard Part 6 (also known as Leonard Part VI) is a 1987 American spy parody film.
This pseudostem can grow to be two to eight meters tall.
A number of events took place in Douglas County.
Primus, a band that has never had a clear genre, have been called things such as "
Validated numerics is needed for the following reasons.
Guylian sells pralines in gift boxes, individually wrapped chocolates, chocolate bars, chocolate truffles and napolitains.
Thirty-one of the soundtrack's songs feature vocals.
The Macropædia articles are supposed to be well-written articles on their subjects and articles of information where you cannot find anywhere else.
The German press went wild with enthusiasm and declared the Bertha a 'wonder weapon'.
At other times there was no separate Polish state at all.
When Vasu takes Bihaan and his family to a famous temple, a gangster called Amma Mai kidnaps Bani.
Ammonium nitrate decomposes at around 350 degrees Fahrenheit.
If they breed, they would share only half of their genome with their offspring.
Harry McNish had become very fond of his cat, and never forgave Shackleton for having him shot.
居十年，召还京师，人人皆言有道士手植红桃满观，如烁晨霞，遂有诗以志一时之事。
作为一种食品配料，氯化钙可起到多价螯合剂和固化剂的作用，
The top of the body is dark grey or grey-brown with a bronzy sheen, and the underside is white.
An underlying reason is the nature of the material.
Clearwater has the Clearwater USD 264 public school district.
When the extra material replaces some of the silicon it leaves a 'hole' where the fourth electron would have been if the semiconductor was pure silicon.
Sometimes the magazine was also called RPM Weekly and RPM Magazine.
阿勒曼尼亚早在五世纪末就从名义上归属于法兰克王国，但直到746年法兰克人开始直接统治时它才成为一个公国。
Between 1982 and 1986, he studied at The Law University at "Al.
，为其发现的许多新物种冠名，特别是糠虾亚目和介形亚纲下的动物。
Many pericyclic reactions have similar reactions that are metal-catalyzed.
Çünkü yoğun bir çekirdek kısmına sahiptir.
然而在重奪記憶後的山崎暴走下，銀時趁亂逃離，繼續回去找高杉，而因帶有虛的心臟所以被天導眾盯上，後與高杉協力擊敗來襲的奈落等敵人，雙方互相告知其心意後發現兩人目的相同-均要拯救自己的恩師吉田松陽。
The group except for Shaggy and Scooby quit.
所以，在直線段1任意位置的磁場等於直線段2任意位置的磁場。
The three characters were all friends of Manet.
Dört çocuğu olmuştur.
In 2001, it was found that Patroclus is a binary object, made up of two asteroids which are almost the same size.
She was 60 years old. citation Before she died, Kirkbride was planning to go back to Coronation Street, but never had the chance to do so.
It has a splendid cloistered-court inside.
诺伊堡是个拥有灿烂文化，历史悠久的城市，早在冰川时期就留有人类居住的痕迹，罗马帝国统治时期，诺伊堡被叫做Venaxamodurum，
It rides on the new rear-wheel drive LX platform sharing similarities with the Chrysler 300. citation In 2011 the next generation was launched.
'da başlayacağı yeni görevinde, kendisine yardımcı olmasını ister.
Tarihi romanı Dins el darrer blau birçok ödüle layık görüldü.
Eventually, the King falls to the ground in exhaustion and Ralsei heals him.
However, the BBC discontinued the bulletin in 2005, claiming that in fact, the programme's audiences were minuscule and the output was provided elsewhere on the BBC.
In Sanskrit there are dozens of words for home, many of them indirect like ‘aal’.
，《羅馬II：全軍破敵》在基本遊戲以外亦有大部分需額外付費購買的大量下載包，以添加更多的新增派系、兵種、戰役、視覺效果及其他遊戲內容。
Adenomas that are bigger than convert are called macroadenomas, and those smaller than 10 mm are called microadenomas.
In January 2011, they decided to create the latest release of previous versions, Mugen 1.0.
Only 55 Stratocruisers were made for airlines.
She asked friends to read to her for a penny.
元素的名稱一經建立就不能再更改，而且不能有兩個相同名稱的元素。
In medieval sculpture, both Agni and the form of Shiva known as Bhairava have flaming hair as a special feature.
该市镇总面积6.33平方公里，2009年时的人口为1082人。
The Varangians were slowly taken over by East Slavs by the late 11th century.
It used to live in Europe.
美国首周末收获2,600万美元，次于《地心引力》名列第二。
The borders of the district are made by The Alameda on the east and Pimlico Road on the west.
They stopped taking the lands of the remaining princes and rulers of India.
Bu bölümde CGI şimşek ve karikatür kelebeklerin yanı sıra gerçek olanlar da bulunmaktadır.
There is no evidence that any of Constantius's daughters married before their father died.
His estate makes $145 million a year.
Rants are used often in situations requiring monologue.
The Frank Lloyd Wright Historic District is both a federally designated historic district listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places and a local historic district within the village of Oak Park.
This made it more suitable for an opera.
At the beginning of the series, Sarah Manning, a con artist sees a woman who looks exactly like her.
It closed down on May 8, 1974 after a bad fire.
可惜该建筑的室内装饰因为1704年的那场大火而毁于一旦。
Emsley 2001，第454页 。
The Schottky diode switches in a small fraction of that time, less than a nanosecond.
She values love more than anything else.
The largest (Procoptodon goliah) had an estimated body mass of 240 kg., which is almost three times the weight of the largest living kangaroos.
Ardındaki dağların birden yükselmesi dolayısıyla yamaç yağışları gerçekleşir.
溫哥華篇于2018年7月拍攝，同年9月播出。
'ni kurdu ve devletten 50 yıllık elektrik üretim imtiyazı almış oldu.
They seem to want to explore.
It is enough to say that Germany could not replace the men killed with equal numbers of new troops.
The "Crystal" Power of Veto was introduced in the final veto competition of Big Brother 4 (2003).
Eutin is surrounded by lakes of the Holsteinische Schweiz, including the Großer Eutiner See, Kleiner Eutiner See, Kellersee and Ukleisee.
，该游戏道具由54张牌组成，包含两张joker牌，分別是彩色的大Joker（又稱大王）與黑白的小Joker（又稱小王），游戏人数一般为三人，
虽然这种类型的微创手术可提高患者的恢复速度和并减少潜在的并发症，但视野和触感确实使得医生很定位肺小结节，特别是在非表层肿瘤，毛玻璃样变，和微小病变的情况下难度更大。
Jon Bruno, 74, American Episcopal prelate, Bishop of Los Angeles (2002–2017).
The PUP was at the helm of Cayo South for over 3 decades.
Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. Retrieved 5 February 2015.
In 1954, his wife died.
The county has a total area of 587 square miles.
She was Kammersängerin at the Vienna State Opera.
It does not cure the root of the problem.
何平叔言远而情近，好辩而无诚，所谓利口覆邦国之人也。
They do this celebration each year.
」上曰：「天寒冰涸，隨處可度，守一橋何足拒敵？
Florida Museum of Natural History.
This behaviour permits a better seal to the rock.
They were based on thousands of interviews with men (first report), Kinsey, Alfred et al 1948.
Its regional center is San Fernando, La Union.
A mother moose will aggressively protect her young.
The newest one was made in Sep 2020 for iOS and iPadOS, and Nov 2020 for macOS.
In January 2013 Jenneke was tenth on AskMen.
During the Second World War, “Ike” continued to rise in the army.
While testing new ideas to add to baseball uniforms, new designs and ideas were created.
They recorded two albums together, and several of the songs from the albums became hits.
Kiwi are mature when they are 2 years old, and they can live more than 20 years.
He killed one enemy soldier and captured two prisoners.
Although the airport has been made larger, there have been efforts to limit this.
對於燃料電池和其它原電池，陰極是正極端子;對於電解池（其中發生電解），陰極是負端。
In 2003, 1,100 people lived there.
Peter Marber, Money Changes Everything: How Global Prosperity Is Reshaping Our Needs, Values, and Lifestyles, p. 99.
国王伊凡·阿森二世时期（公元1218年-1241年），国力达到鼎盛，疆域最广，
In 1887, basic technology for weaving habutae silk was completed in Fukui city.
He ran through all youth teams of this club.
Gerçek hayatın neredeyse belgeselvari bir şekilde yansıtılması ve içerisinden “ham malzemelerin” toplanması, aşkınlığı görünür kılmanın da temel unsurudur.
Albüm "gurulu ama kendinden emin yüksek tempolu şarkı" "Lady Love" ile başlar.
That is, from the death of Alexander through the Roman Empire.
Eyre sung on the first song on the album, "Someday (Place in the Sun)".
At first everything went very well and then things went very badly.
They started to have an outdoor symphony series, playing low-priced summer concerts at Lewisohn Stadium in upper Manhattan.
Britt performs together with Carly in the country group One More Girl. citation Their debut album, Big Sky, was released on October 6, 2009, in Canada.
Hypatia was never married because she said she was “wedded to the truth”.
From 1918 until 1933 it was part of the city of Mönchengladbach.
亞夢兒時玩伴和傾慕的對象，也是亞夢的初戀對象，成年後前往法國研習糕點並認識女友繪里子。
His fighting skills are also very known.
It was the last class of multiple unit to be constructed to the British Rail Mark 2 body shell, and also the last with slam doors.
The Normans in Europe, trans.
He was the biological son of Jaikas that fell in the desert.
People who live in Taiwan have different ideas, and it is difficult to find out what most people believe because small changes in how polls are worded can change the results a lot.
During antiquity, Chalkida was an important town.
Batista pretended to sign with the SmackDown!
'We come from the same place, literally and figuratively,' said Hiltzik, who also grew up in Teaneck and is an observant Jew."
Trolleybuses cost more money to make than other types of buses, so there are not many companies that build this type of bus.
Meijer sells other products as well as their own brands.
After his body had finished healing, but before his body could change into a new one, the Doctor sent all of the extra energy into the hand in the jar.
此处不包括本院各分院的下级人民法院。
This is one of the fastest ways to get medicine into the bloodstream.
總務長官原本名稱為為民政長官，1918年8月20日改名為總務長官，
We do not make any conscious decisions: it is done without conscious thought.
Sponges are the oldest animals with fossil evidence (from ~635 million years ago).
Nylon strings are typically used for classical and related styles of music.
They must obey any minimum wage laws that the country has.
The people who live in Allakaket are mostly (95.9%) Alaska Native.
工业有食品、化肥、纺织和汽车等部门。
Greg Moskal, The History of Space Exploration: Sequencing Events Chronologically on a (New York: PowerKids Press, 2004), p. 25 A timeline can be used to visualize the time between events, durations (such as lifetimes or wars), and the overlap of events.
The hills of Thandiani are about 9,000 feet above sea level.
Fecal transplantation, especially for those with recurrent C. diff infections, has been shown to be more effective than oral vancomycin.
The West End is the second most expensive place in the world in which to rent office space, after Tokyo.
Includes uniform polyhedra, stellations, compounds, Johnson solids, etc.
He also conducted the Royal Theatre when Svendsen retired.
Little Nicky (born October 17, 2004) is the first commercially produced cat clone.
This type of painting called a "Sacred Conversation" later became very popular, but this is one of the first ones.
However, many archaeologists refer to this structure as a henge.
之後，布萊克又僱傭了其他刺客，
She lived across the street from Jones in Harwich.
司賦星最特別的地方，在於它擁有一顆名為司衛一（Linus）
He was seen as the world's best amateur player during the years of 1957 and 1958.
In 1708, Peter the Great added lowercase forms to the letters.
A Montclair resident for the past 10 years, Garber looks at his town, the place where he and his wife Betsy chose to raise his two kids, and sees endless possibilities for soccer."
A total of three Wildcats (two from VF-2 and one from VF-42) and six SBDs were lost defending TF17 from the Japanese strike.
The head of nunciature is called a Nuncio.
Her burial was planned initially was Lubwa Mission, but was moved to the capital Lusaka on account of waning health of Dr. Kaunda.
丁氏假意答允，陶文鳳遂將刀放床下登榻。
Each best-of-seven series follows a 2–2–1–1–1 format: the higher-seeded team plays at home for games one and two (plus five and seven if necessary), and the lower-seeded team is at home for games three and four (and if necessary, game six).
The limestone and bedrock form a compound called slag.
He won a silver and a bronze medal for Canada at the 1920 games.
The ability to contact emergency services has changed in recent years as technology has advanced.
If you add base the concentration of H+ ion will reduce (by consumption or combining) and so a small amount of salt will break into ions and maintain the pH.
There are four or five species of Temnodontosaurus.
This is list of suspected and confirmed sockpuppets of main.
The lowest point in Eritrea, Lake Kulul, is in this region.
第二年，当剪羊毛的人再次来的时候，他已经可以完全接受啦。
This is called thermionic emission.
The classes were at his home in Paris.
Kasich is a Christian, and has been one since his parents were killed in a car crash in 1987.
The most famous is probably Mughal-i-Azam (1960).
The period following India's First War of Independence was an important period in the Indian independence movement.
：如狮子、战马，猎狗，野猪或者猛禽。
He is one of the few who can generate lightning along with Azula and Iroh, though he is shown to be the only one to shoot lightning out of both hands.
The third season was from April 7 to September 29, 2018.
》的固定MC citation ；
Groups who want to use one of these channels must officially register with freenode.
The DS has currently sold more units than the PSP has.
小助找到医生杏子了解情况，杏子告诉他快去医院做包皮切割手术，并且手术后三周才能行房。
Puppets used in Sesame Street are still called muppets at times, and have special permission to use that name from The Walt Disney Company.
Darth Revan was given an entirely new identity, they worked together for a long time, searching for the Star Forge.
They also can be earned by completing challenges for the "Battle Pass", which is done by playing the game.
The following names will be used for named storms that form in East Pacific in 2010.
The geological formation known as the Tregonning-Godolphin Granite underlies the parish and the area was formerly an important source of tin and copper ore.
All this privilege originated from getting an award from the vice-premier in 1998.
They have started this with Bell.
It is home to a famous Brazilian medium and "psychic surgeon" — João de Deus.
It is a remake of the 1947 film The Bishop's Wife.
The Kingdom of Hawai`i was officially recognized by the United Kingdom and France as an independent nation.
After having serving as mayor since 1970, Land lost his mayoral seat to Joe Kilsheimer on April 8, 2014.
Sevilla was abandoned around 1524 because it was deemed unhealthy.
This is due to a pseudogene's shared ancestry with a functional gene.
Modern anchors are designed to be better than the plow and claw types.
Giant tortoises have evolved on a number of tropical islands.
Most, if not all, lang services will take photographs of someone in dress-up for them to keep.
Her older siblings are Kaili (born in 1992), Dani (born in 1993), and Remy (born in 1995), who are also actors and models.
The form was used by Friedrich Rückert (1788–1866) and August von Platen (1796–1835).
；中国共产党成立后，李大钊代表中共中央指导中国北方工作，领导发动中国北方工农运动，参与成立国民革命统一战线，
Cin Ali Serüvenleri adlı kitap dizisinde fişleri kullanarak okumayı heceleyerek öğrenme yerine tümdengelimci bir sistemle öğrenme esastır.
These substances act on your sweat glands, particularly those on the palms of your hand and your armpits, to make sweat.
Azuki beans were used as medicine, because Azuki beans are nutritious.
The myosin breaks the new ATP and the cycle keeps going.
's 4th round choice (previously acquired, Montreal selected Chris Dyment) in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
At this time, the Gurjara-Pratihara dynasty covered much of northern India.
，成為香港首條提供雙層巴士行走的路線。
There was an intermediate sail type called the lug sail.
她的大姐与评剧演员芙蓉花之兄王顺堂结亲后，对弟妹们的成长有很大影响 。
Brianna thinks this is because Albert said "thank you" when buying the ticket.
The damage may be permanent, or it may be temporary.
When they cross the line, they will try to drive the quickest time they can around the circuit.
In May to September, the temperature is around convert.
This movie is about being torn between family expectations and following the heart of one.
Five crew members of the Stockholm were also killed.
The city's full name when founded was "La Villa Real de la Santa Fé de San Francisco de Asís" ("The Royal Town of the Holy Faith of St. Francis of Assisi").
It denotes the entire stretch of lower Bengal when the sea receded and the landmass became fit for human habitation.
，自诩为左派 Macklin, Graham (2006).
霜眉死后受封号“虬龙”，皇帝御旨将它葬在万岁山（
No more than 10% of the students are allowed to be from the same country.
Ant, bugün geliştirilen çoğu Java projesinde inşa aracı olarak kullanılmaktadır.
Once this happens, people usually die within a year.
The older colleges are on the river Cam.
The variety of life.
In 1959, Von Braun and other Germans were transferred to NASA along with all Army space activities.
People in Cambodia use many different types of transportation.
In the United States, these companies were in rural Pennsylvania, New England or the Midwest where labor was cheap, and paper produced nearby, but still within a few hours' travel time of the major publishing centers.
His team finished third after they played Argentina and, won 1-0.
Den Uyl was Prime Minister of the Netherlands from 1973 to 1977, the so-called Den Uyl cabinet.
吉力馬札羅山的高山河流，體長可達35公分。
Surface engineering processes are used to minimize wear and extend working life of material.
，民建聯得到了全港超過四份之一的區議會議席，在多個區議會中具有影響力，包括東區、油尖旺、黃大仙、觀塘、西貢、大埔、北區及屯門。
There is no way to complete Survival mode because the waves keep coming.
This makes it more even.
A weak base forms a strong conjugate acid and a strong base forms a weaker conjugate acid.
For some people, youth is an obsession.
She was a member of the Ennahda Movement.
The album was released under RCA Records.
，建議國民黨可主攻蔡英文政府同性合法化政策；然而該引用數據並不正確，
Financial capital is used to pay for things, this is because there is always more of it and people always want it.
The specimen is unique: unlike most other dromaeosaurs, it had two sickle claws on each foot, not just one.
Merkezi hükûmetin zaman geçtikçe daha çok parti üyeleri, yerel ve bölgesel liderler, parti üyesi olmayan nüfuzlu kimseler ve genel nüfusun arasında fikir birliği oluşturması gerekmektedir.
Digg, genellikle politika, bilim ve diğer Internet trendlerinin paylaşıldığı, oylandığı ve yorumlandığı bir platform olarak ön plana çıkmaktadır.
自由泳严格来说不是一种游泳姿势，自由泳竞赛的规则几乎没有任何限制。
He was widely known as one of the country's best known "passeur de mémoire" (memory keepers).
The government is not controlled by the king or queen, but by Parliament.
He was King of Sardinia from 1821 to 1831.
This is called "frogspawn".
Later she decided to become a movie star.
這種方法記憶的公式比較多，所以速度會較層先快。
一切跨行业的组织，都应该在自愿的原则下，按行业进行必要的调整。
：「知道歷史，便可知道裏面有很多的問題。
's niece and social hostess, by asking them to help her receive guests at the White House.
》和《main》 https://www.
Estimates for the entire North Atlantic are that only 2% of biomass is at depths below 1,000 metres and only 1.2% occurs near the sea floor.
扮演冬夜的姊姊時，在冬夜不知情的情況下，偷偷爆料冬夜的初戀對象給冬夜的七名未婚妻知道。
He finished third in the 4 x 50 meter medley relay.
Chautauqua County schools were merged in Sedan through school unification.
Some groups argue that there should be rules about the use of nanotechnology.
·S·麥克唐納指派首席空氣動力學家戴維·劉易斯出任早期研發部經理 Thornborough 1994，第13页 。
同選區的李文忠在媒體訪問時表示「我的對手.
The Protestants believed that the only way to heaven is by Jesus dying on the cross.
File:Sagrada Família interior north east.
Sometimes people do use only pixels to make an image.
These schools were members in the league's last season of 2014.
The behavior of man, with all of its refinement and complexity, forms only a part of the behaviorist's total scheme of investigation.
The main purpose of an office is to support its occupants in performing their job.
Snowboard became their thirteenth sport.
Yaklaşık 10 yıl sonra, Gibson, Kasım 2014'te filmi yönetmeye karar verdi.
He is cross, of course, and plans revenge.
'de final four oynama başarısı gösterdi.
The world list in Donkey Kong Country 2 tallies up to eight total, one more than in Donkey Kong Country.
's Rush Hour movie series.
It became a national best seller.
They had won three consecutive gold medals at the World Championships, with their most recent gold at the 2017 World Championships A-Pool.
The train scene is filmed near the St. James Road crossing, near Rosanna Station, on the Hurstbridge line in Victoria.
According to preliminary information, the difference only in the SoC is the Snapdragon 730G in the Mi Note 10, and the Mi CC9 Pro uses the Snapdragon 855. The Mi Note 10 will be sold worldwide and the Mi CC9 Pro model will be sold in China.
They started a spoils system of rewarding party loyalty with government jobs.
The game takes place in the year 2183.
She was then given the title "Queen of Tejano music".
The argumentative essay is a genre of writing that requires the student to investigate a topic; collect, generate, and evaluate evidence; and establish a position on the topic in a concise manner.
Records show that rainfall can be 200% or less than 50% of the average annual figure.
In many nutrition guides, grains are the largest group.
Canada and Australia are two of the largest realms.
在费尔柴德大学的研究室，邂逅了朱利亚斯。
When Wulff took office, Lower Saxony faced a severe budget crisis.
"I ain't no kinda hustler," Joe decided, and he plans to find a regular job once they reached Florida.
This distance is about 100 light-years.
This kind of abortion can be done in different ways, depending on how long the woman has been pregnant.
His father was coach of a youth team of Vorwärts XI.
As the flames die out Chiron exclaims that his wound is healed.
，无论通货膨胀率如何，失业率都趋向于其自然率，因此，滞涨不会导致菲利普斯曲线移动。
Norwegian is one of the largest airlines in the world.
The nation has different ethnic groups including Persians, Turks and Kurds.
These press tangents against the strings.
，此柚木板以2層convert厚的電鍍板保護之。
After three years, it had more than 1.5 million visitors.
Thousands of British soldiers brought back to Netley were nearly far too many for the hospital, but others had been built by then and so they were able to deal with the number of troops.
'i geçen çift (bu sezon içinde ikinci kez) 2009 Dünya şampiyonası takımına alındı.
Resim yapmayı sever ancak diğer derslerle hiç ilgisi yoktur.
People thought he was king of paradise for the dead, the god who ruled people when they lived in heaven.
，确认了卢森堡的另外26起病例，已确认的病例总计达77例。
The best time for collecting the beaver's fur was winter, when the fur was thickest.
一邊是共和國國家聯邦組織「聯邦」；另一邊則是君主專制國家「帝國」。
彼利是使用了它才知道葉的身體刻有「黑暗之言」。
Wenedyk also has a vocative (used for calling someone).
蒙民偉長女蒙倩兒在信興投資部門擔任兼職，
They might want to make something beautiful that the whole town can use.
The largest natural lake is the Nantua lake, with an area of convert.
This happens because blood cannot get to the heart through the vena cavae, because they are being squeezed too hard, so the blood backs up into the veins in the neck (the jugular veins).
This book was named Body and Mind in Sport.
隨後在這個新版汽車被公開發布之前，有望得到徹底的測試。
This does not happen in type 2 diabetes.
Robert Fliess wote several books, including Erogeneity and Libido.
These are two-family homes with separate entrances, but with the units stacked one on top of another instead of side-by-side.
So everyone assumed that she died like the other princesses.
，一起游历江南山川，并曾为王羲之作传。
Chinese scientist and engineer (d.
Sharkskin absorbs his enemy's chakra and gives it to Kisame.
，却领先于克洛普 citation 。
这有助于防止意外的名字捕获（unintended name capture），因为Clojure禁止绑定（binding）到用名字空间限定的名字（namespace-qualified name）上。
It can also be processed from the mineral sylvite or sylvanite.
Lines can get their names from any two points on the line.
The shift forced millions of people to move: Poles, Germans, Ukrainians, and Jews.
在8年前耕太全家到鎌倉遊玩時因故死亡。
They are very sensitive to other people saying bad or negative things about them.
Because its orbit could no longer be controlled, mission controllers instructed the probe to shut down. citation Mariner 10 is thought to still be orbiting the Sun.
Both players received match penalties, $15 fines and were arrested by the Toronto Police for disorderly conduct, for which they received suspended sentences.
Kazakhstan created a program in early 2018. citation Toyota became a sponsor in October 2017.
It ran for 1,750 performances.
The members were Ste Williams (
此外，冰下噴發和蒸氣噴發依據噴發機制不同而分立，兩者在噴發強度上也有所差異。
Caleb H. Johnson, The Mayflower and her passengers (Indiana: Xlibris Corp., copyright 2006 Caleb Johnson), p. 165 Some time later, he married his second wife Elizabeth Fisher.
Jayewardene introduced the Executive Presidency in 1978, and assumed the position of President of Sri Lanka.
Show Champion is a South Korean music program aired by MBC Music.
In Nashville, Swift worked with experienced Music Row songwriters such as Troy Verges, Brett Beavers, Brett James, Mac McAnally, and the Warren Brothers, and formed a lasting working relationship with Liz Rose.
Müfettişler Ford Granada ve Mercury Monarch model arabalara odaklı araştırmalar yaptılar.
」 citation 。2021年3月，兇手被裁定有罪 citation 。
'in Çalışma Bakanı iken çıkarılan vergi yasası, özel tertibatlı otomobil yasası, ehliyet yasası vs.
Nine Inch Nails and Ayumi Hamasaki citation have released music and promotional material on USB flash drives.
Hankou railway station platform.
、主席與主要股東（2007年）、
The main attraction is Thettikkunnil Mahadevi Temple.
In the late 19th century and early 20th century there were four gypsum mines in the area.
John Frederick Lewis 1832 ve 1834 yılları arasında İspanya'da yaşadı.
另一個例子是〈BLUE SKY COMPLEX〉，電吉他的音調降到main，
Amongst the islets are Houmet Benest/Houmet Benêt, Houmet Paradis and Houmet Hommetol (Omptolle).
Due to the short-lived success of the Nero impostors and Nero's incorporation into eschatological literature, the belief in Nero's imminent return lasted for centuries.
On November 16, 2007, she released her first solo album, Killer Love.
He is the author of several books on democratic practice and education.
Werner had the idea that all rocks had precipitated out of a single enormous flood.
He rescues her from the Alliance.
Sound moves faster through liquids and solids than air, since they have a larger specific modulus, meaning they are stiffer.
》得以诞生，犹太文化得到了较为宽松的待遇。
对于俱乐部二队，体育场容量有5000席即可满足。
At release the Pixel 3 and Pixel 3 XL had starting prices of $799/$899 in the US, and £739/£869 in the UK.
However, in July, four Hong Kong dollars were needed to be converted to one Japanese military yen.
She transferred back to Taylor High School to graduate with her friends.
Bu tarihte köyün nüfusu 23 hanede yaşayan 122 Hristiyandan oluşuyordu.
The latest entry into the DS lineup is the "New 2DS XL", released on the 28th of July 2017.
Here with Quaid-e-Azam, Liaquat Ali Khan and Fatima Jinnah are also buried.
Ame becomes confident in himself after a near-death experience, and the children are allowed to attend school.
The Estelada flag is the symbol of the Catalan independence movement.
Now they will win 40 votes to 39.
車體的濾清系統使用一個漩渦狀濾清夾，可提供99.8%的過濾效能，並使戰車能行駛500公里以上而無須清理傳動系統的濾清機。
新加坡现已与193个国家建立正式外交关系（截至2018年9月），
As a result, he was arrested by the Indonesian military and jailed at Cipinang prison for nine months.
Kayise becomes the leader of the Mthethwa family, but they don't know what awaits them, and her position is threatened.
Towards the end of the fifteenth century, some of the Baloch tribe from Makran migrated and flocked into the country in and around Mankera,and subsequently ruled here for the next three hundred years.
In other cases, where the molecules don't dissolve in water, we would have molecular species in solution rather than ionic species.
“Do not judge, and you will not be judged.
The speech was the first State of the Union address of President Reagan's first term.
It took Jackson four years to write.
As with other ambulance services in the United Kingdom, it does not charge its patients directly for its services, but is funded through tax.
Other scientists showed, however, that the cat can live next to humans and is not afraid to look for food near farms and rice paddies.
S&N owned or three of the top ten beers in Europe.
He is 21 years old.
新北地檢署指派重大刑案專組檢察官陳詩詩進行指揮偵辦，以釐清槍手犯案動機、槍枝來源等；8月28日晚間7時許複訊後，以劉丞浩涉嫌違反《
It is about 2,640 meters above sea level, on top a plateau (a mountain with a flat top).
Having so many babies can cause problems for the mother in giving birth.
王爵及身而止，通常不世襲，只有奉祀宋太祖的安定郡王以及濮、秀、荣、
Morning low clouds and fog are common because it is by the coast.
No American poem gained such popularity earlier.
Participating in professional teams since 2011, Stenuit has been riding for Wanty-Groupe Gobert since 2016.
McCartney, Harrison and Starr taped 16 takes of the song, followed by a series of guitar overdubs.
On the first day of his term, in an unprecedented and controversial move, Fenty introduced legislation to restructure the school system to give him full responsibility for schools.
Some countries have laws about this.
The adult male frog is 2.1 to 2.3 cm long and the adult female frog is 2.6 to 2.9 cm long.
Several rooms in the palace had jars which were six feet tall, and were used to keep wheat, oil, dye and other things.
In 2012 the band's fourth album Magic Hour was released.
This was based on the programming group's "Blue Sky Meetings," which were a series of sessions to make new game ideas.
》，便記載了《律書》當中出現「七分」之類的文字，當為「十分」的誤寫。
Henry gradually rebuilt his power base in the Cotentin.
在2019年3月尾前，7號線、8號線都是以三角運行形式執行玩次，但是由於提早列車準時度，兩路線變為獨立運行。
Both actresses were nominated for Emmys.
這名為「他性空」，就是約他性說空，約自性說不空。
The ninth box is the last box in the game for each person.
Details of the temples, with drawings, are in Edward William Lane's Description of Egypt (1825-1828).
It was directed by Robert Stevenson.
Ron Brand (born January 13, 1940) is a former baseball player.
填充函式會在輸入裡面增加足夠的長度，讓輸入的位元流長度變成 的整數倍。
D.J.'s best friend is Kimmy Gibbler, a school friend.
A story will be from one to five acts.
Batman is often helped from other people in Gotham.
經過一段沉澱之後，羅賓原諒了泰德。
Symphony公司，自任總經理。
All four candidates were Democrat-Republicans so there was no official party endorsement.
伊歐玟在與安格馬巫王搏鬥期間受了重傷，
'ya çiftin yanına gider.
We recognise figures and whole forms, not just a collection of lines and curves.
）；在地勢較高處只有水冰和水蒸氣能存在。
He was a founding member of the group in 1969.
These women are called ring girls.
In December 4, 2007, Nokia announced the Nokia 5800 XpressMusic has beginning for sales in least December 7, 2007 and expired on December 18, 2007.
They are found down to the depths of 80 meters.
"My Father's Notebook: A Novel of Iran" and "The House of the Mosque" are available in English.
The traditional medicinal herb St. John's Wort also seems to make COCPs not work as well.
照片加入了安提法旗織，並配上以下标题：「投票给特朗普的53%白人女性就該這個樣子」。
On the other hand, in the primary algebra () is defined, and stands for one of 0 or 1. (()) stands for the other primitive value, and is the same thing as the blank page.
Among the northern Angles, Aethelfrith was the first great leader.
The holiday association between the giving of the Torah (Matan Torah) and Shavuot is not explicit in the Biblical text.
而所有專輯中以「愛我不愛」最為暢銷，其中專輯主打歌「記事本」最受歡迎，期後更有多個翻唱版本，
其中一個用這個主題的軟件是 Mail。
Lee is depicted with guitarist Terry Balsamo, who replaced Moody as the lead guitarist of the band.
He recovered 17 fumbles, returned them for 43 yards.
From the 1930s to the 1980s, the French Communist Party's line is close to the Soviet Union's.
Feldman's work on Josephus was widely respected by other scholars.
His wrote six books including Silver Cities: The Photography of American Urbanization, 1839–1915, and Atomic Spaces: Living on the Manhattan Project.
They sent a message to him, asking to meet in person.
They also make many mistakes.
A person is diagnosed as having AIDS when he or she gets specific types of illnesses or gets sick in certain ways due to their HIV.
He was the main designer and head of Ilyushin for a time.
）也有銷售冷凍微波用的米漢堡半成品。
Balıkların bozulmasını önlemek ve raf ömrünü uzatmak için koruma teknikleri gerekir.
It made over $5 million, John JJ Johnson, Cheap Tricks and Class Acts: Special Effects, Makeup and stunts from the films of the Fantastic Fifties.
Mali at the Olympics is a history which started in the 1960s.
In 1924 a professional league started and the champion was called "Austrian Champion", although only teams of the metropolitan area of Vienna played here.
When Gruber ignores McClane's request to stop attacking, McClane takes some C4 explosives and blows up part of the building.
There are a variety of ways to keep current and continue to build one's knowledge base in the field of management accounting.
此外，在一些祭詞中也會提到的獸精靈 citation ，如下列：
Sweden has won several medals during the World Championship, citation Olympic Summer Games citation and the European Championship.
As soon as the boys transformed, they ate a hotdog stand and got away from the police that were chasing them by diving into a lake and burrowing their way into the city by eating the dirt.
The 2008 Nobel price was given for the prediction of the third generation of quarks (Bottom and Top quarks).
It one of the richest meteor showers.sfncheck The Epsilon Geminids peak between October 18 and October 29. They have only been recently confirmed.
Daha sonra 1980-1991 arasında Rossano-Cariati'nin başpiskoposluğunu yaptı.
》舉辦了日本前五十名最佳美少女遊戲排名的票選活動，《ToHeart2》在入圍的249款遊戲中獲得74票而成為第3名。
驸马都尉李祺也六日不来朝见，召他至殿前，又不认罪，这是对陛下极大的不敬。”
Defibrillators are often depicted in movies, television, video games and other fictional media.
Stewart appears on the band's first two singles, "The Silent Sun"/"That's Me" and "A Winter's Tale"/"One-Eyed Hound".
They have two parts.
During one hunting binge, chimps killed 71 colobus monkeys in 68 days; one chimp alone killed 42 monkeys over five years.
Both of these have benefits and drawbacks: The 2.4 GHz band is widely used, and devices are usually cheaper.
It is convert above sea level.
The population was 5,117 at the 2010 census.
Hanami is also popular outside of Japan.
Perry's musical life began in the late 1950s as a record seller for Clement Coxsone Dodd's sound system.
因各种原因，中共武汉市委未能给这场斗争形成一个比较极端的结论，但斗争发生后不久，李尔重、杨青、赵长春、纪辉先后离开中共武汉市委。
A bad head injury can break some of the blood vessels in the brain.
Its characteristic phonological features are glottalized or implosive sounds.
These fountains depict children supporting small basins of water.
In spoken English, this reads: "the set of all x such that x is a natural number and x is less than four".
But then he notices the coincidence of Hyde's recent release and Ana's sudden cash takeout.
鏡映湖之戰，敗在劍祖手下，最後落得沉魂湖底下場。
，导致囚犯吐血不止以及肛门出血后死亡。
The details of the accident in the song — not noticing traffic lights and a crowd forming at the scene — were similarly part of the fiction."
When a person with POTS stands up, their heart beats much faster than normal.
After it is removed, the animal's balance was not good.
There are two methods of governance that form using the Selectorate Theory: a government with few Essentials- called a small coalition- and a government with a large group of Essentials- called a large coalition.
Also, programs that have not yet entered the alpha or beta stage, but passed the development stage, are called so.
Nobody was hurt on either side.
The Company Government conferred the title of Maharaja on him for his loyalty.
He tells Anne that he still loves her, and asks her to marry him again.
He sacrifices himself to save the wizarding world.
The letters of William Cowper, too, are famous.
Aşk temasının baskınlığı bu albümü öteki Manson albümlerinden ayırdı.
When one male gets too close to another male's singing place, the two males may fight or do something else that is like fighting.
This allowed Henry to have many high-ranking positions in the King's court.
Players that excel on clay courts are called clay-court specialists.
為了進一步改善財務狀況，匹茲堡樞紐正式於2004年關閉，並開始使用由西南航空引入的多點直飛模式，取代原本中心輻射型（hub-and-spoke）的營運模式。
父亲顏孟春 《天一阁藏明代科举录选刊·登科录》（《成化十一年进士登科录》） 。
She notes a change in the Beast's personality as the servants note a change in Belle and the Beast's relationship ("Something There").
Özellikle sezonun son haftalarında alınan başarısıi sonuçlardan ötürü lig kalma mücadelesine girmiştir.
預計二期工程建成後，花山小鎮佔地面積400多畝，成為文創企業和人才的聚集地。
One uses the word most.
Helsingius became well-known internationally, and was a member of Visens venner in Norway.
》中飾演六師弟「輕功水上飄」。
Ammonium sulfide, also known as the "
Later, Ronnie and the Relatives became 'The Ronettes'.
Frederiksen was present on Rancid's second album, Let's Go, which was released in 1994 and spawned the radio hit "Salvation".
Bird saliva is very good for making glue: in fact, some species of swiftlets make their whole nest out of simply saliva.
已为社会输送各类人才近6万人。
We observe "down" the jet, or nearly so.
The Mirvans return to the country, taking Evelina with them.
Also, the food in Peru is very diverse, including typical dishes like Ceviche and Broiled Chicken.
A similar pattern has been used in newer seasons in which three players go to the Final Tribal Council.
Gardner was Senator before the election.
He is very recognized for his voice.
He says stupid things and is a parody of "manly" behaviour.
It is an offence to leave or re-enter the field of play without permission but not if it is part of a natural playing movement.
During the 1960s, Mesplé appeared mant times on French television.
's Hall of Fame and to the College Football Hall of Fame as a player.
Many people use their amateur radios for fun.
Bahriye Nazırlığı görevinde en uzun süre (23 yıl) bulunmuş kişidir.
On 25 February 2021, Armenian Chief of the General Staff of the Armenian Armed Forces Onik Gasparyan said in a statement signed by 40 top officers that Pashinyan and the government calling on the government to resign.
Gündüz-gece ritmi ve vücut ısısını düzenlemenin yanı sıra, 5-HT yoluyla kan basıncının uzun süreli olarak düşürülmesinden sorumludur.
With Saruman, they travelled east in an attempt to help free the last Men of Númenor, who were now Haradrim and Easterlings.
Post was involved in a car crash on September 8, 2018.
"Irreplaceable" has entered many charts around the world.
When Banasura learnt of the clandestine romance, he imprisoned Aniruddha, which led to the arrival of Lord Krishna to rescue his grandson.
Water can enter the spaces in the soil.
She used ideas about things that had happened to her.
Altun Tamgan Tarkan'ın yaşamı ile ilgili bilgiler yok denecek kadar azdır.
Ilinois Üniversitesi'ndeki ilk yılında kendi NMR spektrometresini kurmak için gereken bütçeyi aldı.
The band was started in 1989.
The visitors and committee members of this temple gather money for occasions, where sweets are later distributed among them which is called 'Prasad'.
It turns soft when heated and hard when cooled.
Unlike other types of animation, the scripting is driven by events and not keyframes.
The posse tracks them.
The next night, she died in her sleep at her Manhattan apartment, aged 64. Her children were by her side.
The mudslide covered an area 10 miles long and 5 miles wide.
His case was that of hyphenating about 500,000 words.
Many Geo models continued as Chevrolet's and were later replaced by in-house cars (i.e.
同日他会见马拉维外交部长卡塞拉 citation 。
In both cases it makes the characters more dramatic, but the first is very serious while the second is supposed to be humorous.
Megaherbivores: the lnfluence of very large body size on ecology.
She married Richard "Bob" Fuchs in 1985.
投手陣容也還是很堅強，唐·沙頓（Don Sutton）和湯米·約翰（Tommy John）是其中支柱。
He and his daughter had a lot of disagreements in the past, which is why she ran away home when she was seven years old.
That was the only thing about him that was like an insect."
Creation of a chipset costs tens of millions of dollars and represents a major commitment to the use of the Itanium.
開始支持許多常見的網絡服務如NTP, SNMP, web server (Apache), mail server (Postfix and Cyrus), LDAP (OpenLDAP), AFP以及print server.
It made no difference whether prices were voluntarily or involuntarily posted below the market clearing price.
自閉症假設的鏡像神經元系統（The mirror neuron system (MNS) theory）理論，即在鏡像神經元系統發展的變形會干擾模仿，導致社會障礙和溝通困難(自閉症的核心特徵)。
在南非，歌曲亦登上main電台榜亞軍位置 citation 。
Their bellies are white and parts of their legs can be bright blue.
The earliest yogurts were probably made by wild bacteria (yeast infections) and happened by chance.
The current Commissioner, since December 2010, is Martin Callinan.
The preparatory earthworks for Metrolink's overhead wire supports can be seen on both sides of the tracks.
近年來，成為公職逐漸變成居民的主要職業，手工品變成禮物取代以往的金錢取向。
It is said that he will be ruthless to cruel people.
All of her ancestors were from England.
Rajput are children of the local Khas population.
Controlled burning is practiced by the national park in consultation with traditional owners who have used fire as a land management tool for thousands of years.
It calls the territories under its control the Liberated Territories or Free Zone.
She is one of the first female electrical engineers, and considered a pioneer by the Society of Women Engineers.
Territories gained by the U.S. The nation before the Louisiana Purchase is shown in brown.
八十年代后，又成立了科普部门，设立专人专职负责展开科普活动。
Cressman says that some of the Japanese carrier aircraft did not land until after 23:00.
事實上，人類組織本身就存在著許多情緒表達規則，要求其成員有適當的情緒表達，如果看成展演場域，
OpenPGP is still under development and the successor to RFC 2440, which is RFC 4880, has been made a proposed standard.
Kathryn Hays (born July 26, 1933) is an American actress.
Boulmerka started running seriously at the age of ten.
Magdalene Scholl (1881-1958). citation The family moved Forchtenberg in 1929.
He played all 7 matches and scored 2 goals, Japan won the 2nd place.
Most hermit crab species live on the ocean floor, but many live on land.
Since 1978 there has never another Tropical or Subtropical cyclone to form in the month of January.
Örneğin günümüzdeki Türk takviminde yer alan bazı ay adları halk takvimlerinden alınmıştır; Ocak, Ekim.
Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity.
This band eventually became Genesis in January 1967.
Many nations with Muslim majorities were not happy with this.
Antik Mısır medeniyetinin çöküşü ile birlikte, bu medeniyetin edebiyatına olan ilgi de ortadan kalkmıştı.
In 1869, he was transferred to Kentucky, where he died in 1872.
They have invented numerous unjustifiable taxes and reduced our people, especially our peasantry, to a state of extreme poverty.
However, none of his work has survived.sfncheck The oldest surviving Nôm text is the collected poetry of King Tran Nhan Tong, written in the 13th century.
In 1899 he married Jessie Walmisley who had been a student with him at the RCM.
David Clark, Ultimate Treehouses (Philadelphia: Courage Books, 2003), p. 18 This is to keep the living quarters above the ground to protect occupants.
School bands refer to the groups consisting student players in school.
在單人戰役部分，去除掉《世紀帝國》中過多的歷史改編，
Reading these books is like playing a game.
They are known to rip thick planks from hen-houses or burrow underneath stone foundations.
All this makes it particularly difficult to sing the opera in any other language.
That began the its journey to the World Games.
Kuşatma 117 yazı sırasında da devam etti fakat doğunun yakıcı sıcakları altında Trajan'a güneş çarptı.
TWA President Jack Frye asked for a new airliner.
He was bishop of the Diocese of Molegbe from 1969 to 1997.
Elves had danced there.
’s glove with a cuff added to protect his hand and wrist while previous goaltenders would were the same padded gloves as their teammates.
Madonna'nın da paparrazzilerle ilgili birçok deneyimi oldu.
Soon many orchestras wanted him to conduct them.
The Democratic primary occurred on 5 April 2016.
天门华侨出国始于18世纪末，先后经历了北上（欧洲）时期、南下（东南亚）时期和新移民时期等几个阶段。
He did not have exaggerated mannerisms but got his orchestras to play with a warm, romantic sound which was never sentimental.
戰後世界盛行簡約的現代主義建築，中國亦跟随，中國現代建築有別於中國傳統建築的造型、材料使用、藝術規笵、營造方式。
Arabs served as the middle men in international trade.
She had four younger siblings- Elizabeth of Clarence, two stillborn brothers and a stillborn sibling of unknown sex.
The Army of Northern Virginia would have around 27,000 men from Benner's Hill to Seminary Ridge.
He was the first Australian actor to win an Academy Award for acting.
，鄭將公司上市，奠定為本港四大地產商之一 。1982年1月何善衡退休 ，鄭裕彤接任主席 ，
A re-release for North America was released on 2 October 2013, producing three singles as well.
In March 2018, the word "cryptocurrency" was added to the Merriam-Webster Dictionary.
He was the leading opponent of slavery and the slave trade in New York.
The third harmonic will give a ratio 3:2.
所以他认为无论一个人是乐天派还是悲观派，都不能摆脱根本上的痛苦，乐天派只是对现实的躲避，是自我欺骗所造成的假象。
Writing about that part of Pepys' diary, Henry Benjamin Wheatley says that William St John Hope says places like the City of London have had simple, black swords for this reason for a long time.
They included two for Barry Fitzgerald.
It was released on December 10, 1999 in the United States.
Cochin International Airport Nedumbassery is 115 km away from Chathenkary.
In 1900, Poincaré gave a famous speech in which he considered the possibility that some "new physics" was needed to explain the Michelson-Morley experiment.
Some groups, like The Golden Cups, adhered to the policy of never playing singles like "Long-Haired Girl" at live performances.
He was 87 years old.”
Palm, 4 Eylül 2007'de Palm CEO'su Ed Colligan ile şirketin odak noktasını akıllı telefonlar ve avuçiçi bilgisayarların temel ürünlerine geri göndereceğini bildirerek Foleo geliştirmeyi iptal etti.
、遗产规划和贷款等金融服务，以及信息处理服务。
" that tell people what they can and cannot do with their own bodies.
They are used for building things.
During the Dictatorship of Metaxas (1940) she became a member of the KKE, youth group OKNE.
Mickey Dale Beebe (better known as Mike Beebe; born December 28, 1946) is an American politician.
Gözlem noktası farkı olmadan tork sıfıra eşittir.
For instance in Switzerland any individual can force Google Inc. to delete a link which contains their name.
Medium-level cumulus does not have alto added to its name.
The Association of Space Explorers estimates that a Tunguksa-like event happens two or three times every thousand years on average.
A survey of the feeding habits of British insects showed that about 35% were parasites on plants, and slightly more were parasites on animals.
Conversely, people have also used standard playing cards for fortune-telling.
He is married, and has 5 children; 3 daughters and one son with his wife Véronique, and a son with Claire Chazal.
'nün ve diğer ilgili kuruluşların sponsorluğunda kutlanan küresel bir sağlık bilinci günüdür.
，也興高采烈參與投票，並對三位小師弟加油打氣。
Her father had worked as a sea captain, and then became a merchant.
Attacking forces do not always respect cities that call themselves an "open city."
Kahramanmaraş iline 38 km, Pazarcık ilçesine 37 km uzaklıktadır.
It has about 162.434 people who live in the city.
Nietzsche, insanın üzerine çökmüş olan lanetin acı çekmek değil de acı çekmenin anlamsızlığı olduğu belirtmektedir.
These isotopic fingerprints are preserved in the rocks.
，該地人口為2832人，而該地的面積約為8.
It originally used Alger's name because he lived in a house in the town as a teenager, but accusations of child sexual abuse forced fair organizers to part company with Alger.
Official estimates are that up to a hundred people may have died from the contamination.
Even so, they are a product of new times just like everyone else: Their community organizations were created so they could separate from other Jews because those stopped being religious.
，常出現「牧師」一職業，如魔獸世界。
Peggy married Matt Skilbeck in 1968 and had two children, twins Sam Skilbeck and Sally Skilbeck, in April 1973.
In 2015, he voiced each supporting character in Anomalisa (2015).
There are more epidermal cells than the other types.
She spent her first years in the care of Serbian grandparents because her father Albert did not want her to be brought to Switzerland, where he had a job offer at the patent office.
After surgery there may be some problems.
The offices for Izembek National Wildlife Refuge are also in the town.
Bears usually live alone, except when they are mating season or if they have cubs.
Leontyne Price was one of the outstanding lyric-dramatic sopranos of her generation, she had a rich, warm and luscious voice enhanced by a fine stage presence.
爬行速度快，以鼠類為食，也會捕食其他蛇類。
The local Wampanoag believe it to be the image of Massasoit.
The current presenter of CBBC extra is Ed Petrie.
Chloride is necessary for life.
Nonsense does not suddenly acquire sense and meaning with the addition of the two words, "God can" before it.
She grew up with Bambi's mother.
The problem is that could be any number.
Thus younger populations have greater rates of respiratory infections and older populations have lower rates of respiratory infections.
Türkiye'ye dönünce üniversite ve kamu görevlerinden ayrıldı.
Gives name at birth as "April Janet Pearson".
After one of them kills the other, Carol kills the living sister.
She is one of the most powerful mutants.
但不知不覺的人們不再點燈了，山丘上的住吉神社因此就此沉寂了，
The first drop coaster was made in 1998 at Alton Towers and is known as Oblivion, the latest Dive Coaster (at the time of writing this) is Emperor at SeaWorld San Diego in 2020.
She is identified with Devi, the Divine Mother; Shakti (divine energy) as well as goddesses like Tripura Sundari, Durga, Kali, Kamakshi and Minakshi.
The art is the same every day, but the words are different.
After the murder of Gratian in 383, Ausonius retired to his estates near Burdigala (now Bordeaux) in Gaul.
'in bir kolu olan Amr bin Avf oğullarından Külsum bint Hidm'in evinde misafir kaldı.
史蒂芬·桑坦是赫伯特·桑坦和珍妮·桑坦的兒子，
Mariella Rappold is member of the National football team.
Some of the earth's crust gets pushed into Sichuan and southern China.
水盜之所以敗退與車輪舟上裝上了出現於隋唐時期戰船已配備的「拍竿」有關。
Today, there are 31 teams in the NHL.
迪根中士为训练刚为新兵的基洛沃格等人，将他们的戒指摘下并将它们置于危险境地。
父冀国，字定甫，号梅轩，嘉靖十六年舉人，
David Scott drops a hammer and a feather on the Moon.
It was the first collaboration between Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee with Bieber.
Letterbox hybrid cache: A combination of geocaching and letterboxing in the same container.
He has three parts (Father, Son & Spirit) which are one and the same (of one essence).
Dış görünüş olarak bir DVD'ye çok benzeyen Laserdisc 30 cm çapındaydı ve plastik tabakalar arasına sıkıştırılmış iki adet tek yüzlü alüminyum diskin birbirine tutkalla yapıştırılması ile oluşturulmuştu.
》，规定不准把群众组织宣布为反革命组织加以取缔，对冲击过军事机关的群众概不追究。
This has contributed to the Arab belief that the IAF was helped by foreign air forces (see Controversies relating to the Six-Day War).
She continued as a hospital ship until 1916 when it was turned back into a Royal Mail and passenger ship.
该法案于1882年2月28日由弗兰茨·约瑟夫一世皇帝批准。
Today, ship designs are noticeably different, as cannons are no longer used.
Also, they can have the same length.
Francis Celoria Antoninus, The Metamorphoses of Antoninus Liberalis, Routledge 1002, p.87 They reproduced, and the Egyptian gods and goddesses were born.
Instead of the simple tenses, one can use composed forms.
The gardens were started before Williams-Ellis lived there.
This is because numbers cannot be divided by 0. A binary operation requires that any two elements can be taken from the set (in this case in order) to produce another element from the set.
動態補償去交錯方法根據鄰近的場使用動態估計（motion estimation）去預測鄰近的場之間畫面中物體的移動，藉由動態估計可以得到的畫面中每一個宏塊（macroblock）的動態向量（motion vector），然後使用前一個場以及動態向量可以重建出一個新的場，在將此兩個場合併完成去交錯。
America was able to have naval strength in the Pacific equal to Japan's.
This is because Lamborghini started making road cars in 1963.
Some Republicans called for changes in how justices are chosen.
Quezón was the first Senate president elected to the presidency, the first president elected through a national election, and the first president to be re-elected.
' separation from the Central American Federation.
Its capital is situated at the town of Boudry.
Mil Gaya (2003) and the romantic drama Veer-Zaara (2004), which were the two consecutive top-grossing films in India for her.
If the entering value of the current is i2 and i3, this current splits into the current of i1 and i4.
There is a little radiation all around us all the time, which people's bodies are used to, but larger amounts of radiation can make people sick or kill them.
Malta is no longer a military base.
She also taught them about Jesus.
He is one of only two players (the other is John Salley) to have won NBA championships with three teams: two with the Houston Rockets, three with the Los Angeles Lakers and two with the San Antonio Spurs.
However, to accomplish this, teams must first destroy 3 towers and an inhibitor in at least one lane.
我们的态度应当是， 既不赞成朝鲜半岛学者否认高句丽历史为中国古代历史一部分的主张，也不强求对方接受我们的观点，从符合学术界规范与国际惯例的角度去开展正常的学术交流与争鸣。
If a player makes three straight free-throws they are then given the ball a the top of the key and the other players may then defend.
He finished first in the BC1/BC2 team event.
One of the makers said that it would be "kind of cool if it turned out that this person inside the suit was a woman".
The municipality covers 6.7% of the total land area of Davao del Sur.
Editorials discussing the issue of smoking and its effects were published in newspapers.
They can help decrease alcohol withdrawal symptoms and prevent seizures.
Any schnitzel called by that name has to be made from veal.
At night they become active and go hunting.
Sultan'ın bir malî danışmanı kölelere vergi konulmasını savundu ve Sultan önce bu vergiyi uygun gördü.
The fourth round saw Ferrer end Raonic's run, and Dolgopolov edge out Soderling in the final set for the biggest upset in the tournament to date.
Saliva consists of 99.5% water.
除却少量角色专用任务外，角色选择对情节几无影响。
The disease happens in unhealthy people.
It is about a man named Noddy and his girlfriend Kim.
He had an important influence on almost every part of Canadian musical life.
It became Rihanna's 14th and Drake's second number-one song in the United States.
"miss" costs several hundreds of CPU cycles in a main memory access; with much longer latency compared when the processor finds that the memory location is in the cache.
According 1996 estimates, it has a population of 82,690.
They had 6,000 volumes.
The law and the constitution say that he is given a seat in his old constituency.
對野生防風草和乳製品過敏，會造成臉變紅和聲音變粗。
This means that once the sessions are over, patients are left with the skills they need to manage their problems.
It was first sold in 2001, and Apple sold over 100 million in six years.
Aynı yıl “Aliya” belgeselinin müziklerini besteledi.
The genera are Dokdonella koreensis, Dokdonia donghaenensis, and Donghae dokdoensis.
In 2010, 1,415 people lived there.
若是在地面上的旋轉，也可以稱為main。
These are lifestyle that are exceptions to what is commonly accepted as mainstream.
，這些科技提供病患及醫療人員方便及準確的溝通管道，
气旋可辛尼是本季最后一场获得命名的风暴，
Species were first organised into this genus in 1806, by Joseph Philippe de Clairville.
In 2005 he won Best British Actor at the Empire Awards for playing Richard in Dead Man's Shoes.
其榮譽學院本身不頒發學位，其學院的學生在其他學院聽課。
The venue, which has seats for 4,400 people.
In the "Government of National Concentration" headed by Hitler, the Nazis were in the minority.
He also edited a volume of the Letters and Journals of Lord Byron in 1830.
He is known as Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj.
Golding used his experience of the Second World War and his teaching knowledge of children to write the book.
于是收回卡申银矿和祖布佐夫镇。
希特拉在《我的奮鬥》中表示他既是思想家同時也是實幹者，想出在奪權後會如何對待猶太人的藍圖。1919年，當希特拉還在軍隊的時候就已寫了一封信定義他怎樣去理解「理性的反猶太主義」(rational anti-semitism) 他表示首先要做的是有計劃地移除猶太人所有的法定權利。
The city has a well-preserved downtown with a number of remaining historic businesses.
對此，蔡衍明說：“被罰就罰了嘛，但是我要講的是什麼，為什麼不讓我們賺光明正大的錢？
Traditionally, chemicals produced by living things are not considered minerals.
At the end of the season, Sébastien Buemi was able to score points in the final two races.
The highest point is Kinder Low at convert.
，迫使8500人离开家园 citation 。
這個賽季波爾辛吉斯入選了技術挑戰賽。
谢学锦是目前中国最了不得的勘察地球化学家。
通过刻画出优雅的形状和象征圆满的圆形，使其成为在欧洲历史上一个优秀的作品，其精湛技艺掌握在铁器时代的欧洲金匠手中。
In 2009 he released his first solo work titled Ser o que Sou.
It also had new engines and a new cabin.
That version ended in 1979.
He began to paint early in his life.
In 2017, the iPad mini 2 was discontinued.
William Fraser, The Douglas Book, Vol. I (Edinburgh: 1885), p. 128 From 1314 to 1319 Douglas was raiding northern England at least once a year.
The first permanent Inquisition was established in 1229.
From the collection of the National Archives & Records Administration.
Atchison is also home of Benedictine College, a Catholic liberal-arts college.
Arapça'nın en baştan çalışılabileceği daha geniş yüksek lisans derecelerine yönlendirecektir.
All 269 people on board are killed.
這場戰役後，英軍逐步停止在北美的軍事行動，尋求與美國談判停火。
It was an important coaching post in the past.
His body was found on 12 January, a little over two weeks after they left Kalgoorlie.
The criminals are called bounties.
Some pubs also hire people to take away empty bottles and glasses, though commonly the bartenders will do this as well.
Newton understood that what makes things like apples fall to the ground is a specific kind of force — the force we call gravity.
Electricity was installed.
The Game Boy Advance SP has a rechargeable battery, and it does not run on two AA batteries.
The name stands for aromatic polyamide.
As part of their reward, Nakúm had an individual Immunity Challenge, which was won by Rafe.
This made the idea of a necropolis easier and popular.
He pushes him out onto the rocks and the boy falls to his death.
The charts were probably created over concerns of who Ermengarde and Robert's daughter Hildegarde could or could not marry.
Investigation of Students for a Democratic Society, Part 2 (Kent State University): Hearings Before the Committee on Internal Security, House of Representatives; 91st Congress, 2nd Session, June 24 and 25, 1969.
Schultz's wife Nancy and du Pont's head of security were present and witnessed the crime.
His travel lasted four months.
It was always very tough playing against him, despite him being more than twice my age".
And my mother made me eat it.
It was launched on 30 October 2002 as UK History and relaunched in its current format on 2 March 2009.
然而塞克特當時罹患了嚴重的心臟病，只得休養至秋天，這時國防部已完成了全面改組，陸軍多新設了「陸軍總指揮」（Chef der Heeresleitung）作為直接指揮該軍種的實質指揮官，因此原先同陸軍署地位相等的「部隊室」則變成下屬機關，「陸軍總指揮」因此成了實質的最高統帥和總參謀長。
Motor Company is founded.
McFeast had her own show for many years in Australia.
：「倘使你本國有力量，自己可以打日本，我自然不會提出要求。
王氏诉之于朝，李元素被免官并被令给王氏钱财五百万。
Afterwards, Moore was Ali's trainer for a short time.
This was mostly unsuccessful, because most pupils had trouble spelling words in this way.
Before becoming President, he served as Commander of the Lebanese Armed Forces from 1998 to 2008.
İl merkezine uzaklığı 142 km'dir.
In Half-Life 2, the player is Gordon Freeman (the same character as in Half-Life).
Mouton de Gruyter Series Handbooks of Japanese Language and Linguistics.
Tunruva, aşırı defansif taktiklerle ve şiddetli oyunlarla gölgelendi.
Jones became their full-time sampler and had Mick Thompson be the new guitarist.
They released a new album, Hard Times and Nursery Rhymes, in January 2011.
In his block, he was able to win eight times and only suffered two losses.
立法院國會圖書館的網站於1999年9月開始架設，其內容包括十大項：立法資源、立委問政、焦點議題、國會新聞、館藏資源、立法智庫、數位資訊、線上服務、參考指南、隨選訂閱等。
在連載中途曾被當時的編輯長告知「不會動畫化」、許斐剛把不滿化成力量奮力製作FAN BOOK 10.5卷。
SeaWiFS-derived average sea surface chlorophyll for the period 1998 to 2006.
戊午，考三載還奉父母，贈敕告于墓。
Other notable network file systems are Andrew File System (AFS), NetWare Core Protocol (NCP), and Server Message Block (SMB) which is also known as Common Internet File System (CIFS).
No ships reported strong winds that came from the tropical storm.
The collection consists of a frame story and 49 fairy tales.
A police ID card and entry in the civil registry stating Flores was born on July 16, 1890 were shown to reporters.
Some power stations use natural gas in a gas turbine.
Waiting for the sea.
Magruder's movement of troops back and forth convinced the Union that his works were strongly held.
However, only a small amount were made.
Like its predecessor, the Wii Mini was not released in any Asian countries and Australia.
艾斯丁形容這個角色：「他代表了高貴的品德、純樸和忠心，他是哈比人的代表，甚至願意为了朋友赴湯蹈火、在所不惜」、「他是一個充满田園氣質的人，一個雙手永遠都有泥垢的農夫，他並不是片中最聰明的人，但卻是最誠懇的一個」 citation 。
ART Mk-III的外部尺寸與Mark II相似，但內部通過重新設計佈局來提高容量，包括更大的多用途空间和更宽的大断面贯通道；車輛看起來更流線，車輛的兩側與前後有更大的窗戶，以增强乘客观景体验和增加车内亮度。 citation 与加拿大线的列车一样，这批列車的外部和內部的末端有大型LED顯示屏，顯示下一站和終點站的名稱。
They also stopped the Japanese from capturing an Allied base at Milne Bay.
，是以佳能 EOS M3為基礎加上內置電子觀景器(Electronic Viewfinder)及配上雙像素CMOS自動對焦(Dual Pixel CMOS Auto Focus)的無反相機，於2016年9月15日正式發佈，至11月則正式全球發售。
跑道長960公尺，寬30公尺。
Another way to put it is that we are always making choices even if we don't realize it.
她前往切尔诺贝利解决自己的问题，试图了解在1986年在普里皮亚特发生的事情。
The western coast of Africa was explored by the Romans after the conquest of northern Morocco (then called Mauretania Tingitana): the Roman vassal king Juba II organized a successful trade from the area of Volubilis.
Episodes labeled "series finale," or ones leading up to it, often include remarkable events in the overall series story arc.
But other scientists do not recognize any separate subspecies.
This may be if the normal teacher is sick or out of town.
Eğimli üç tekerlekli bir aracın gövdesi veya tekerlekleri veya her ikisi birden dönüş yönünde eğilir.
They set some buildings on fire and killed a priest.
Some with self-aggrandizement.
忘不了五月初七那一天，完县野场石沟的大惨案，我们的同胞流尽鲜红的血，也留下美名万古传。
The Division was set up in 1922, as a part of the Northern Territory Representation Act 1922.
This person is chosen by the state's Governor.
Somerville supported women's suffrage and education.
例如高速漩离心涡蒸馏等技术研究已经开始进行，当许多样品需要平行蒸馏时，现在的高速离心漩涡蒸馏技术作用显著，并已开始应用于工业生产。
It was written by Doja Cat and Lydia Asrat, along with its producers, Dr. Luke and Yeti Beats.
From here it runs northwards through the Weserbergland hills and finally meets the Werra River close to Hannoversch Münden.
Corday decided to kill Marat, because she believed he was the most radical.
It is on the south coast of the Craignish peninsula, facing Loch Craignish.
这一时期中华文明得到极大的提升和发展。
In 1980 she had her first UK No.1 album, Never for Ever.
The Amendment was ratified by the states and became part of the U.S. Constitution on February 10, 1967.
此外，他亦奪得2001年4月份超級聯賽的「每月最佳球員」 （英文） citation 。
The company was known as the Nippon Electric Company, Limited, before rebranding in 1983 as NEC.
This was a crucial factor in the rise of full-time armies.
Freud began his study of medicine at the University of Vienna at the age of 17. Andrews, Linda Wasmer 2010.
People quickly learned about the Saint-Cloud "ordonnances" from the Le Moniteur.
Since the disaster, India has experienced rapid industrialization.
The rosin makes the hair grip the string as it is drawn across.
She was turned into a vampire in 1609.
，是一项受欢迎但具有争议的体育赛事。
However, sometimes the beard can be groomed as well, and washed and grown.
Soon Lena left the group because of her age.
Sonra Kırım Hanı'nın da sefere katılması ile sınırda bulunan kalelerin alınmasına başlandı.
Many company shares lose value.
Birçok sağlık sistemi hastalığı kimliklendirmede, tanıda ve tedavide zorluk çeker.
Space telescopes are better in a lot of ways, but they cost more money.
Cosmo’s arrested, put on trial, and immediately found guilty!
In some cases, finding the inverse of a function can be very difficult to do.
Sharon Turner, The history of the Anglo-Saxons from the earliest period to the Norman conquest, Volume 1 (Philadelphia: Carey & Hart, 1841), p. 267 In 748 Cuthred's son, Cynric, tried to depose his father and died in the rebellion.
The yuan was instead of the Chinese tael.
Proper personal protective equipment must always be worn when using an angle grinder.
This was the first of six championships in ten years; they also won in 1945, then three years in a row: 1947, 1948, and 1949, and again in 1951.
İz etrafındaki kabarcıkların yoğunluğu parçacıkların kaybettiği enerji ile doğru orantılıdır.
" ve "Bambaşka Biri" gibi şarkılarla oluşturduğu güçlü kadın profilini devam ettirir.
The Rupal drains into the Astore River, which eventually reaches the Indus River near Jaglot.
Because of this, Sparta fans call the 2013/2014 season the "Sparta treble season."
The composer began making sketches for the symphony in 1806.
They stay together until dark.
Players who win get stronger opponents, players who lose get weaker opponents.
，因為無法被磁化．有時也視為是順磁性材料。
Marco Antonio Juan Andrés Cariola Barroilhet (2 November 1932 6 September 2020) was a Chilean lawyer, farmer and politician.
Flights from these airports link Kamchatka to cities further away.
John Edward "Jack" Cunningham III (born March 27, 1931) is an American politician.
Raphael F. The great philosophers London: Phoenix.
Millett was born in Mechanic Falls, Maine.
Sri Vishvesha Tirtharu was the 32nd in the lineage of the Pejavara matha, starting from Sri Adhokshaja Tirtharu.
He works for the Clay County Sheriff's Office which is in Hayesville, North Carolina.
Deville was elected to the American Philosophical Society in 1860. citation In 1885, the rue Sainte-Claire-Deville in the 12th arrondissement de Paris was named in his honour.
Janemba was originally an ogre for King Yemma, working at a machine that could bring back the dead.
While he was resting, a woman with an infant on her hand came to him and asked him for milk.
From the royal family of the Netherlands he received an expensive ring.
The top would be covered with a pile of rocks to keep out the animals.
Asporat (Sporat) Yunanca "dağınık" demektir, Kiklat ise "çember" demektir.
The creation of the LCC in 1889, as part of the Local Government Act 1888, was forced by a succession of scandals involving the Metropolitan Board of Works (MBW), its predecessor, which had not been directly elected.
·哈迪（Lyn Hardy）。
It is said to be the oldest city in the world (according to the ancient historian Philo of Byblos).
A discriminative stimulus (SD) is something that tells a person that reinforcement is available.
Many other cast members also got similar tattoos during the making of the movie.
"Thumbelina" was first printed in the December booklet by C. A. Reitzel on 16 December 1835 in Copenhagen.
满足以上条件的最大群体称为物种。
杰里克陨石坑外观轮廓呈圆状，已磨损的坑壁最大高出周边地形20米 ，内部容积约为0.01立方千米 。
It now has two floors.
Sivil toplum ve meslek örgütleri içinde de aktif görevler de üstlenen Bülent Kantarcı 1988-1995 yılları arasında, Çaycuma Ticaret ve Sanayi Odası Yönetim Kurulu Üyeliği yaptı, başkan vekilliği görevinde bulundu.
The 720 first took off in November 1959.
Her best selling novels include Strange Heaven, Play the Monster Blind, Saints of Big Harbour, the Giller Prize nominated Antagonist (2011) and the Giller Prize Winning Hellgoing (2013).
該專案在開發了15個月後雖曾於歐洲電腦貿易展上公開出，
In 1994, he co-founded with his wife the Nicholas & Dorothy Cummings Foundation.
The highest of these mountains is the beautiful, volcano-shaped Mt Fuji (3,776 metres or 12,389 feet high).
未註銷未列入的文物保護單位（4處）
It was the sixth Judgment Day event held by the WWE.
There were military outposts and royal village outposts such as Mbhuleni, on the upper Komati River at the foot of the Mkongomo Mountains, south of Badplaas, Mekemeke which is east of the Mbayiyane Mountains, situated east of Mantibovu (Low’s Creek).
She was the head of the House of Alba.
Dairy bulls like Jerseys and Holsteins tend to be more aggressive than bulls of beef breeds like Hereford and Angus.
Some of these are the Taoist 'greater kan and li', Egyptian 'sekhem', Hebrew 'shekinah', Christian 'Pentecostal fire', Kaballist 'secret fire' and Kalahari 'num'.
Examples of this are "methanol" and "ethanol".
Frank Stenton, Anglo-Saxon England (Oxford University Press, 1971), p. 118 Birinus had died in 650 and Cenwalh was looking for a replacement.
，而且目前的成果，還談不上根治。
Now, All Japan Kyudo Federation plays a role in the promotion of kyudo as a sport.
The village of Warsaw is near the center of the town in a valley.
She was a member of the France women's national water polo team at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships citation citation and 2017 World Aquatics Championships.
'ın en iyi ikinci hakemi seçildi.
The members of the band are now Mac McCaughan, Laura Balance, Jon Wurster playing drums and Jim Wilbur playing guitar.
This park has three valleys.
It will automatically sound a fifth lower.
Oh, dear, what a crime."
It is very hard to save palm seeds because they are killed by cooling them, which is the normal way of keeping rare seeds for the future.
Weston developed a method for producing a "true"
The show takes place in a grassy, floral landscape populated by rabbits with bird calls heard in the background.
She lost most of her hearing about 18 months after birth.
German tank and air force specialists could exercise in the Soviet Union.
When he was 21 he sometimes became a knight.
Beverly Hills餐廳舉行儀式，以李錫傳授一把劍給安德魯作為象徵並宣誓。
Its basic meaning is "someone that relieves a commander".
; it replaced the Earful Tower as the park's icon in 2001 but now both have been removed.
The market had two buildings: a western building and an eastern building.
Oradea is one of Romania's richest cities.
Going home to Nicodemus: The story of an African American frontier town and the pioneers who settled it.
Benigno Simeon "Noynoy" Cojuangco Aquino III (born 8 February 1960; Zh transl) citation is a Filipino politician.
Son olarak İTÜ Türk Musikisi Devlet Konservatuvarı Müzikoloji Bölümü'nde ders vermekteydi.
The cathedral is in downtown Washington at 1725 Rhode Island Avenue NW between Connecticut Avenue and 17th Street.
Religious and traditional beliefs often favor large families.
By this time the Portuguese and the Dutch won many areas of Sri Lanka.
Profesyonel askerlerden oluşan düzenli birlikler, Ölümsüzler gibi, tek tip donanıma sahiptiler.
It was founded by the name Villa de Santafé in 1541 by Jorge Robledo on the western bank of the Cauca River.
Yapının sahibi faturaları nakit olarak ödüyor ve aylık 8 dolar veriyordu.
Şurahbil'in Ecnadeyn bölgesine gönderdiği bir ajan Müslümanlara Bizans lejyonlarının yoğunluğunun hızla arttığını bildirmek için döndüğünde Busra teslim olmamıştı.
This match had been decided as part of the Treaty of Turin, which ended Franco-Savoyard conflicts during the Nine Years' War.
It is the shortest presidency in the history of the world.
Braddock donated land for a Methodist church in the center of St. Mary's square.
Ultra uzun menzilli -200LR'yi başarıyla tamamlayacak ve Airbus A350-1000 ile yarışacak.
They are called the Wildcats.
，並在第二天壓軸演出 citation 。
From 1891-1897 Mahler had a conducting post at Hamburg.
The movie does not say which person is right.
Some modern louver systems serve to improve indoor daylighting.
He wrote a lot of music during his life, but there were many years when he wrote nothing.
He led the Americans to the gold medal, beating heavily favored Cuba, which had won the gold medals at the two previous Olympics.
Hofmann died on 12 March 2020 about two weeks shy of his 79th birthday.
It is used to make solid chocolate bars, and mixed with cocoa powder to make solid pieces of chocolate.
Use of an iron catalyst, however, resulted in only 30% methane in the product; the rest consisted of short-chain hydrocarbons.
Zheng's mother had been the girlfriend of Lü Buwei, but Lü gave her to Yiren when he fell in love with her.
The crowd went to the police station demanding to be arrested for not carrying their passes.
He was a star player for Houston until the USFL went out of business in 1986, after which he finally joined the Bills.
After reserve team in 2 season, he was promoted top team in 1980.
人口密度為每平方公里2587人(每平方英里6702人)。
Bora Bora has one main road which runs around the island.
His return the same year gave France claim to all of North America.
They usually move for similar reasons as other immigrants, but they don't legally have the right to be there.
He is known for directing Hunger and People Meet and Sweat Music Fills the Heart.
Teletoon operates two feeds.
'nın en uzun ikinci gökdelenidir.
The islands are unlocked for the player as the story progresses.
The king's marriage to Anne of Cleves was a disaster for Cromwell.
Or someone can be not very much of either.
Liner notes tocitation In February 1974, Lupu performed a recital at Hunter College in New York, which was raved by John Rockwell of The New York Times.
Comox is known for having the HMCS Quadra Sea Cadet training facility and Canadian air force base CFB Comox.
，這是因在中間及遠端的小葉都有相同的長度。
Sukarno later became Indonesia's first President.
Diego mysteriously disappears, leaving Bree even more confused and disconcert.
The sphairai were very similar to himantes.
Avon was a county that existed from 1 April 1974 until 31 March 1996.
He wanted it to look like an Italian village.
He travelled as a military reporter behind Soviet lines in Afghanistan in the early 1980s and followed mujahideen groups in battle.
Shakespeare first saw his lawyer to draft his will in January 1616.
Tina Cavanough in Magpies: Talking About Books for Children 19 (1: March 2004).
」 ：特化的绒羽，终生生长而不脱换，端部的羽枝和羽小枝不断破碎为粉状颗粒，有助于清除正羽上的污物。
Dieter Hertrampf is married to Liane Hertrampf.
The nucleases make specific double-strand breaks (DSBs) at desired places in the genome.
艾伯特广场站是科隆轻轨四条线路的一个大型换乘站，和最大的地铁站。
In the 1820s, it was forbidden for a woman to work as a doctor.
South of Agadir and east of Jerada near the Algerian borders, arid and desert climate starts to prevail.
Slow hand-clapping is also a way of showing sarcastic applause.
The nature of the object is unknown.
But if people get symptoms of these problems, it is important to see a doctor immediately.
As of 2010, 3,048 people lived in Yerington.
So far, no long texts have been found.
She was taken by aliens when she was little.
Apart from fishing and port related industries, Cuddalore houses chemical, pharmacological and energy industries in SIPCOT, an industrial estate set up by the state government.
However many players left the club and the club results were sluggish late 2000s.
His health was bad.
He wrote lyrical poetry (in Portuguese and in Spanish) and drama but is best remembered for his epic work Os Lusíadas.
The main villains in the series are Cruella de Vil and her henchmen, Horace and Jasper.
This was caused by heavy rainfall.
They are known as Dong Bang Shin Ki (abbreviated DBSK, 동방신기, 東方神起) in Korea and Tohoshinki in Japan.
An ambition of the Conwy Economic Growth Strategy 2017-2027 is to create winter tourism offer across the county making Conwy a year-round visitor destination Conwy Council (2018).
In 2013, he agreed to give away at least half of his wealth by signing The Giving Pledge.
Team Columbia & High Road Sports, Inc (June 15, 2008).
When he got out, he found Anne's diary and published it.
In December 2017, Dunleavy announced his return to the race for governor.
Böylece 1411'de tekrar Osmanlı Devleti Çelebi Mehmet Anadolu'da ve Musa Çelebi Avrupa'da hükümdar olarak ikiye bölünmüş oldu.
在只有兩個物體的系統中，它們只會因為自身的重力相互影響著，
He may already have heard of Benjamin Jesty's success.
Endopterygota (meaning literally "internal winged forms") develop wings inside the body and undergo an elaborate metamorphosis involving a pupal stage.
She was a very smart child and went through school very fast.
These objects are all made out of plastic.
The many sailors who had jumped into the water became covered with the chemical.
這場會議凸顯了歐洲共產主義運動幾個重要的轉變。
There is controversy about that period.
他透過說話與社論，向種族隔離的既得利益者——
It was released nationwide on January 19, 1949.
The names "Stacey" (also spelled "Stacie", "Stacy" or "Stacee"), "Tasia", and "Stasia" are short for Anastasia.
For much of his short career, his large football-lineman build garnered him roles largely as thugs or football players.
There are many more sheep than people in New Zealand.
Constable’ın etkisinde kalan Fransız Barbizon ressamları, yeni Avrupa Doğalcılık'ının manzara resmindeki temsilcileriydi.
Some plant species depend on the effects of fire for growth and reproduction, although large wildfires may also have negative ecological effects.
It may occur with or without cycles of normal mood, called euthymia.
The lesbian feminist groups, such as the Lavender Menace, are a lesbian activism group.
She has violet hair and wears a white tank top, black trousers and boots.
Gunnedah Shire is 264 metres above sea level on the Liverpool Plains in the Namoi River valley.
The north side entrance to the university.
但他决定选择不参赛，因为他希望留在俱乐部——当时正是梅斯保级战的关键时期。
Its position on the ridge allowed the community to become an exclusive streetcar suburb, and the homes and large lots reflect this historic distinction.
，在西部邊境地區構築的對抗法國馬其諾防線的築壘體系 Kaufmann JE, Kaufmann HW: Fortress third Reich, page 134. DA Capo Press, 2003.
For example, it can be a river, a road, a corridor and so on.
This class of Pacer originally had a capacity of 122 passengers.
The game was created in 2002 by Gameforge.
They were named "Xero".
Purna Swaraj was announced on January 26, 1930.
NateOn has 22 million users.
日治時期威靈殿的鸞務十分興旺，開辦「明善社日新堂」（成立年份有1922年、1927年不同的說法），編有善書《明善良箴》一部；
Argentina went through on penalties, winning the shoot-out 4–3 after more heroics from Goycochea.
他最初为家庭所写的游记，后以《小獵犬號之旅》一书出版，详尽地从社会学、政治学、和人类学的视角描述与总结了航行所及的土著与殖民地的风土人情。
Hoping to make up for his doings, Tod gives Bickerstaff's hat to Copper.
A second fire in 1494 was set by the sons of a hanged thief.
Ulusal Devrimci Gençlik İfadesi Genel Sekreteri.
Resaru委員會，亦稱為“酋長議會”，一共有八名成員，每名有四年任期。
It is the 63rd highest mountain in the world.
The game system did not sell very well.
It weighed about 90 kilograms (200 lb).
Bangladesher Atmaar Sondhaney Sahitya Acharjya (In Search of the Soul of Bangladesh).
另一个优点是，在某些患有main的患者中，MISS技术可以降低其前期缺血的风险 Kushner BJ.
A gigahertz chip is a revolutionary piece of technology that is able to do a billion calculations per second.
Angular momentum is the way that something like a merry-go-round will continue to rotate after people have stopped pushing it.
Fjernsynskjøkkenet over 26 years, between 1970 and 1996, Strømholm, Gøril, NRK.no (13 December 2005).
从1950年3月至年底，国家银行的存放款和汇兑业务增加了五倍，掌握全国98%的存放款，余下的2%存入由私营银行、钱庄联合组成的公私合营银行。
They are often served with dessert or as a dessert.
The team moved to Arlington, Texas, in 1972.
Grams first began as a TV News anchor, but quit his job in order to run for the senate.
The Learjet 24 is a twin-
》：命名為“AKS-74u Krinkov”，裝上消音器，聯機模式中為工程兵解鎖武器。
Aynı şekilde, Sosyal Demokratlar ile "birleşik cephe" fikri, parti içi tartışmalarda zemin kazandı.
She gets upset and cuts off his tail.
Since then, the movie has gone to several different film festivals.
馬爾皮基（Marcello Malpighi）。
達達尼爾條約 （又稱為達達尼爾和平、商業及秘密聯盟條約或恰納卡萊條約）
He was not a member of the Austrian National Socialist party at first.
After a team captures all four territories, that team must capture the enemy team's base.
In 2007, 23300 people lived there.
Food or liquid moves from the stomach into the tube between the mouth and the stomach.
It is located on the University of Manitoba campus next to University Stadium.
This means they would not be made to vote in favour or against it; they could vote however they wanted.
The longest can take nine days.
Both men and women said that cross-sex relationships were less helpful, and less loyal than same-sex friendships.
It also stops digested food from returning to the stomach from the duodenum.
後人也稱他弥助（やすけ）、九一郎（きゅういちろう）、喜左衛門（きざえもん） 中村 2000年、518頁 。
Many of the early Hizb cadres were former JKLF members.
They are united.
Adlerholt also believes in gun rights.
Croatia and Serbia dismissed Jedlička's claims as not important, although the two countries reacted in different ways.
Being home to more than 840 flowering plants and 500 species of animals, it contains 40% of Singapore's flora and fauna.
As the Burmese were defeated every time, the area earned the name Chai Nat, "place of victory".
On 10 November 2007, he beat Jean-Marc Mormeck to win the WBA, WBC, and Ring magazine titles.
That way one of the RAID levels above can be used with a set of logical disks.
性耿直，為官清慎，不徇情枉法，因得罪权贵，去官归里。
Daha sonra Avustralya’lı Dr.
He was a member of the Progressive Citizens' Party.
Surrounded by his peers, Frost wrote some of his best work while in England.
The club was founded in 1990.
在此處目前先僅就人的營養、飲食與保健作討論。
It was the first single from Nevermind.
'da 1 şahi'nin değeri 8 akçe olarak belirlendi.
The Old City contains architectural examples from each major period in the city's history.
Han worked for the Korea branch of international public relations firm Berson-Mastella for 3 years.
A person can get the dengue virus from just one mosquito bite.
I've got some thoughts on this one.'
，10月8日法軍在滬尾（淡水）搶灘登陸時被清軍及臺灣鄉勇擊退，轉而從10月23日起封鎖台灣各港口，直到1885年4月15日解除封鎖。
Teams are named using current nomenclature, or last one if they are defunct (denoted in italics).
• Genius, the Sim is very intelligent.
It can however form "knives and stabbing weapons."
They had a son in 1996.
; 渡邊篤（わたなべ あつし）
Underwater mines were used by both sides.
The two sides are called Black and White.
Keith Moon joined The Who in 1964.
This is put together as 3 phrases or sections, each being 4 bars long.
Henry Stanley with the officers of the Advance Column, Cairo, 1890.
It is passed on through story, song, dance and art.
At BYU, Card started a theater company.
This is when a king moves two spaces towards a rook, and the rook moves to the square on the other side of the king.
A rollback happens when the train doesn't make it to the top of the hill and rolls back down the track.
Maçlar 20 Eylül - 13 Aralık 2018 tarihleri arasında oynanacaktır.
These actors as a group are called the cast.
On August 1, 1946, President Harry S. Truman signed the bill into law, and Congress created the Fulbright Program in what became the largest education exchange program in history.
於同年4月28日因重整綜合消費物價指數，故此比去年同期增加2.9%，因而經計算修訂後得出+2.2%的加幅，於2011年6月19日生效 http://hk.
Some 200,000–300,000 rai are planted with sunflowers.
There are also modern buildings.
，共产时期最重要的持不同政见者，直到最后一分钟才被邀请，因此他拒绝出席。
She also helped improve the number of women in going into psychology.
They were defeated convincingly in a replay the next week.
He was widely heralded as the most skilled and accomplished basketball player of all time.
斯杜科夫接受了，毕竟双方都有着共同的对手，而且杜兰可以提供急缺的气体矿产。
The basic ISO time is :.
，苦勸張加入北方，但張不即不離，稱自己一人難予明確答覆，要等回奉天和各重要幹部商量後，再表明態度；蔣介石由歸德乘飛機到濟南視察，命令韓復榘部擔任津浦鐵路追擊任務，劉峙率津浦鐵路作戰各軍陸續調往平漢鐵路、隴海鐵路，集中力量打擊馮軍；夏鬥寅部開往膠濟鐵路，會同韓復榘部肅清殘敵，李韞珩部三師兵力8月22日起由濰縣到濟南集中，準備渡河；孫桐萱就蔣介石委任之濟南警備司令職，並公布《戒嚴條例》，凡18條；蔣介石任命第六十一師副師長戴戟代理該師師長，是日戴在濟南就職；
However the house of Burgundy lost this title at Charles's death in 1477.
It was also known as the Jinnah mausoleum.
Central Florida is a mix of deep south and typical Floridian culture.
Artistic drawings may have many meanings.
Cable TV is provided by many carriers, usually a place is served by only one or two cable companies.
The fleet reached Rio de Janeiro on 5 August.
马士强（Bey Soo Khiang），
He was a priest in the southern United States.
The war began after America demanded Spain peacefully end the Cuban fight for independence.
看完信后，他提出在君士坦丁堡举行会面，向沙赫尔巴拉兹展示这封信。
The Conch Republic is a micronation secession of the city of Key West, Florida, from the United States on April 23, 1982.
Noah said, "There is no protector today from the decree of The Lord our God, except from whom He gives mercy."
His disciples included, among others, Zygmunt Noskowski and Henryk Jarecki.
; the albums Back to Chopped Down Roots and Sociopath: Philosophy Cynicism were recorded in 2003 by numerous session musicians which, however, did not join the band.
少女☆歌劇Revue Starlight -3rd Star Live”Starry Diamond”
This where Clyde and his Dads live.
The mayor is currently Martin Scharr of the PWG party.
She was part of the German women's national water polo team at the 2005 World Aquatics Championships, 2007 World Aquatics Championships, citation and 2009 World Aquatics Championships.
There are several types of chemistry.
He was the United States Ambassador-at-Large for International Religious Freedom from February 1, 2018 until January 20, 2021.
温州大学是一所地方综合性大学，办学历史可追溯到温州近代著名爱国爱乡人士黄溯初先生1933年创办的温州师范学校，已有75年的办学历史和50年的本科教育史。
This is like vegetation moving in the wind.
This period started in February 1368 and ended in February 1375.
"拳頭" 背後的強大力量是 "朋友", 古龍迷不可不知.
The correct amount and type of stud installed in an effective pattern will produce the best traction results.
He also had a career as a manager.
Electronic commerce started with the introduction of electronic funds transfer (EFT) by banks.
珍珠母和同類但易碎的纖維狀霰石主要的差異，在於"c"軸方向（垂直於貝殼面方向）的成長速度；在珍珠母中此磚狀結構成長的速度較慢，而在纖維狀霰石中則較快。
It gathers information from weather satellites in space and observations on earth.
Sophie is shocked about his bad manners.
Remains of station (April 2004).
The sum is the vector that goes from the tail of the first vector to the head of the second.
He had a strong influence on Elinor's style.
Babası, Alois'i adam kaçırma suçlamasıyla tehdit etti, ancak Bridget'in ona yalvarmasından sonra evliliği kabul etti.
全球媒體產業的經營日趨開放，私人經營（私有化及民營化）
An object is accelerating if it is changing speed or changing direction.
He was also author or co-author of several books on bridge, and licensed his name to a bridge video game.
，加速了中国汽车的现代化进程。
In 1976, the seminary returned to Fort Wayne.
In his last years he was very ill, but he still wanted to compose, so he dictated the music he heard in his head to a man called Eric Fenby.
祈求安产者多在戌之日参拜，巳之日是参拜宝生辩才天的日子。
因病医治无效，于2005年7月11日22时20分在南京军区总医院逝世，享年84岁。
"Barakat grew up in Union City, N.J., and said he had no clue about the ACC until he enrolled at Assumption College in Worcester, Mass."
It can be given only once to the same person.
Chewbacca'yla birlikte üç solo kardeşi Drall gezegeninin yüzeyinin altındaki dev gezegensel repulsor bölmesini keşfettiler.
Lands generally uninhabited, except by researchers in scientific stations.
Joan G. Haahr writes in The Oxford Companion to Fairy Tales: "The story is unusual among Andersen's early tales, both in its emphasis on sensual desire and in its ambiguities.
The university has spent for its operation 126 million euros in 2011.
At first Ye Anciente Everton Toffee House was very popular with fans because it was near to their stadium in the Everton district.
While in Europe, children put out their shoes for St. Nicholas, the English tradition is to hang up stockings (or long socks) in front of the fireplace.
The highest point of the department is Bois de la Pérouse (coord), convert high.
The album has also been called by fans 'The Chronic 2001' and 'The Chronic 2'.
The position was abolished on 31 January 2020.
The Cheka ЧК - чрезвыча́йная коми́ссия chrezvychaynaya komissiya, Emergency Commission.
She lived on the streets at age 13 before getting abused by a 65-year-old sex trafficker, Ron Eppinger, in Miami.
They dislike areas with people, spend most of their time underground or under water, and sleep during the day.
Ancak halka açık toplantılarda kadınlar tarafından da oynanır.
These fragments were the remains of Swanscombe Man. The bones were later found to have belonged to a young woman.
At that time, the stadium consisted of two uncovered tiers that could hold about 75,000 spectators.
In the HTTP/1.1 protocol, all headers except Host are optional.
This also lead them to think the ESRB is not doing its job.
Most of them were located in the Northern Territory.
He graduated from the Moscow State Institute of International Relations in 1952.
He was born in Noto, Italy.
As before stated, spacetime is flat everywhere; to some extent, it can be thought of as a plane.
’ın da dahil olduğu birçok madalya ve nişan kabul etti.
The movie was nominated for an Academy Award.
They earn certificates after taking the classes.
For each party, at least half of the legislators elected under this system must be female.
One of the main advantages of SCSI is a possibility to daisy-chain devices.
The university has its own campus with a total area of 35,000m².
The offensive team will lose possession.
This was legal at that time.
，则被逐渐剥夺公民待遇。1947年5月，日本政府颁布《外国人登录法》，第11条规定，台湾人和朝鲜人是外国人 。
He retired in April 2017.
Mart 2010-Eylül 2011 tarihleri arasında NYSE'de yönetim kurulu başkanı ve CEO.
They invaded Belgium on August 3rd 1914. citation The Germans pushed through the Belgium army with little difficulty.
Oliwa stayed at that intensity for over two days.
The people in the zoo knew she was a large, female turtle but not that she had become one of the rarest on Earth.
A pounding throbbing headache with the pain being on one side of the head (unilateral).
The amount of compression can be changed depending on the wanted quality.
Oyunda Baş düşmanı öldürmek zordur,çünkü Baş düşmanın hareketlerini kavrayabilmek zaman alır.
In the second half of 19th century his Kelmscott Press produced many graphic designs, and created a collector market for this kind of art.
'nden gelen ılık ve nemli hava gelir.
Madonna starred in the film A League of Their Own, alongside American actor Tom Hanks and comedienne Rosie O'Donnell.
The last, extended episode saw the character of Jill (Jane Rossington) riding off with her lover, John Maddingham (Jeremy Nicholas).
Ulva or the Isle of Ulva (
"Platform for 2000 Green Party Presidential Primary".
It was not part of the road to the Lachlan because it didn't have a bridge.
In every-day Russian, the city is often called just "Piter".
It is part of the Ministry of Science and Technology of Israel.
Tüm arazi millileştirildi, çiftlikler ve fazladan arazi (yaklaşık ) küçük çiftçilere dağıtıldı.
经过长期的艺术实践，形成了内紧外松、有条不紊、表演细腻、含蓄隽永的风格。
美國首映週末票房收入為1480萬美元，位居當週票房排名第三 citation 。
The Agly is a very irregular small river.
As Ullrich left the team to form Team Bianchi in 2003, Vinokourov became team leader for the 2003 Tour de France.
，張釋之擔任廷尉，以執法時一切依法辦理聞名。
Roy Carter for guitar.
Family Fortunes originally aired from 1980 to 2002 on ITV.
第70步兵师于1943年在其组建时便采用了此绰号。
Fossa fossana and Galidia elegans may also eat some fruit.
In the control systems one or more output variables of a system need to follow a certain reference over time.
The youngest children are 11. The oldest are 18. Children join when they are 11 or when they are 16. When they are 11 they take a test to get in. The test is called the Eleven plus.
Kölelik anayasal olarak 1865 yılında kaldırıldı, kadınlara 1920 yılında oy hakkı verildi.
He writes about the joy that comes from wisdom.
Since 3 April, Executive Yuan will half-mast for 3 days to mourn for the deaths in this accident.
该市镇2009年时的人口 为1,729人。
They play Great Britain on 12 March.
İşçi Muhalefeti grubu eleştirilirken haklı eleştirileri tartışılarak kabul edilecek ve istekleri olumlu değerlendirilecektir.
The need to think things through in detail was the topic of his second book, Thinking about the Unthinkable.
Çorum iline 58 km, Alaca ilçesine 8 km uzaklıktadır.
The new attraction displays the upcoming changes to the park.
He ruled under the nominal overlordship of the Turks.
The museum purchased the painting in 1990; it had sold for $53.9 million in 1987.
File:近鉄橿原線 田原本駅西口駅舎 Tawaramoto station 2011.11.13 - panoramio.
The "a" refers to the letter "a" that is the first in the string.
Halen Ulaştırma, Denizcilik ve Haberleşme Bakanlığı'nın İnternet Geliştirme Kurulu'nda yer almaktadır.
The company claimed it was not liable for Jumbo's death.
In this case, the facts were right, but the location was wrong.
However, it still finished airing the remaining episodes in the original time slot.
They were killed in the Battle of Five Armies, while they were defending Thorin.
His father, Leo Thiery, was the founder of the School Museum in Ghent.
In 1712 the Elector allowed him to make another visit to England.
Like Tchaikovsky, he was a professor at the Moscow Conservatory.
Players on Roblox can build anything they please using the Studio and then publish their game to the Roblox website for everyone to play.
He helped to make these organs popular in France, and they were a very important influence on the way that organists composed music for their instrument.
Thaxter was born on November 20, in 1921.
The upcoming year he participated with the song Rocky Mountain ending up third.
The honey badger has a fairly long body, but is thick set and broad across the back.
He was a member of the Liberal Front Party and Social Christian Party.
相比同等擁有直臂的弓，反曲弓可儲存更多能量，
自2014年起，陳金鋒就和球團簽一年約，且多次在一二軍上上下下，而在一軍也是多從板凳代打出發，而Lamigo桃猿球團此舉也引起球迷反彈。
Anime television series debuts from January 1, 2004 through December 31, 2004.
Okuldan ayrıldıktan sonra Quinton küçük bir sokak tiyatrosu grubuna katıldı.
First English translation by Henry Copley Greene, published by Macmillan 1927; reprinted 1949, p125 LaFollette H. & Shanks N. 1994.
Her mother and brothers live in Germany.
當地的衛戍部隊隨即反擊，以一座老式榴彈砲對舍尔海军上将號開火，但僅造成輕傷。
The team colours are red and white.
Admiral Koda retired from JMSDF in August 2008.
Map of the lines on weekdays.
Le Guin was highly critical of the adaptation, calling it a "far cry from the Earthsea I envisioned", objecting to the use of white actors for her red-, brown-, or black-skinned characters.
He was part of the team which reached the UEFA Cup final in the 1993/94 season.
Today, it is the fifth largest town in Slovakia and the third most important industrial centre in Slovakia.
Dokuzuncu İnönü Hükûmeti olarak bilinir.
Marco Formentini (14 April 1930 – 2 January 2021) was an Italian politician.
在中医中，很多动物血液都作为药材使用，但是实际上原理与现代意义上的输血大相径庭且作用有待科学证明。
There were two brass discs with numbers on the inside and outside of the box.
Thorne improved in her learning after attending a Sylvan Learning center and is currently reading and writing a grade ahead.
A study of history.
She appeared with Kenny Ford, Jr. on Kidsongs: Ride the Roller Coaster in 1990.
墓庄分为两进，每进建筑均为三开间。
After the Edo Period, many became police.
He then returned to the military for a second time, re-enlisting at the rank of lieutenent.
Ault's last transmission was, "From CLAG.
He was also convicted of membership of an illegal organisation.
He found out it was led by his former student Nagato.
Portugal does not recognize the Spanish rule of the Olivença/Olivenza territory.
Both men try to capture her attention.
The first dialogue took place on May 6, 2019.
The IMT only held one trial before disagreements between the four wartime allies stopped the series of trials that were planned.
They said this could be why whales became so large.
You would have been told another fairy tale and you would have been believing that.
But Napoleon had problems with Austria and the French had to leave, so Rome was conquered by people from Naples.
's novel Man Plus is another good example from this category.
The border between the two countries runs through the forest.
The "I'm frightened" cry was kept in the movie.
In 2002, Élan Motorsport Technologies bought G Force,.
'nde şampiyon olan takımda attığı 16 gol ile önemli rol oynamıştır.
，僅在停泊於港口時偶爾開放民眾參觀，而敦睦航行時獲選的服役官兵會暫時被移籍到參與航行的艦艇名單之下。
公共部门工会在试图减少开支、减税或平衡预算时受到联邦和地方政府攻击。
El-Sherif was interviewed by Egypt's CBC TV.
It is the home of the Vancouver Symphony Orchestra.
A group of people who work together to create doujinshi are called a nihongo.
，駐美總經濟貿易專員麥德偉與民主黨眾議員Alan Lowenthal會面。
“最后解决”，400多中共政治犯被处决，被称为“11.
Capcom first began talking about it in December 2013.
At the 2017 World Championships, he set his new personal best in the short program of 102.13, putting himself in medal contention in third place, but dropped to sixth after the long program.
体质（Constitution，CON）
但是，2012年2月，他被選入相撲協會理事會。
An example of this is Zaphnath-Paaneah, the Egyptian name given to Joseph.
），旋因兵力不敵，均被駐軍擊退；
The war ended in 1918 because the Germans could not win in the west and gave up.
He was Chairman of the Waitangi National Trust Board.
Most actors have a headshot that they will provide to employers.
This was to add to her daytime earnings as a receptionist.
因此，穿着盛装的市民、装扮考究的牧师和戴着异国情调珠宝的精英争相前来参观。
By contrast, a stable isotope has a long half-life, much longer than that of an unstable isotope.
JL792這一航班號現已不再用於上海至東京的航班，
He is also an editor of the Continuum Encyclopedia of Popular Music of the World.
This practice is called Gajaarohana.
He chose the Comte de Maurepas to be his main advisor, and Maurepas served in this role until his death in 1781.
He is the longest-serving governor in the state's history.
He wanted the lives of his friends saved.
This prayer becomes the plot line of the Odyssey.
It was called "Sporthuis-centrum" which means "Sporthouse-centre".
In that series, he played young Scott Cassidy.
資料來源:公民監督國會聯盟監督國會週報第五、十五期。
This has been interpreted as meaning that the dwarfs are stuck in their mountain homes or structures, which are going to fall - but that they are unable to leave, as they will turn to stone if they do.
He also played in the band with his brother Glen Drover and switched instruments with him during the songs "Paranoid" and the second half of "Peace Sells".
明治11年（1878年），《江戸名胜诗》刊行，《江戸梦华诗》刊行。
，061，066，103，112，172，220，332，420窟；
Game of the District Messenger Boy (1886) is one of the first board games to insinuate that materialism and capitalism are means to a better life.
These spiders are found in warmer regions around the world.
This situation is actually quite common across languages.
Some systems may amplify frequencies of certain range and attenuate the other frequencies.
All funds belonging to the Treasury may not be withdrawn except according to law.
The land in some parts of China is easy to cross, so Qin Shi Huang started building the Great Wall to make it more difficult for the Xiongnu to invade China.
Northern Ireland has stayed within the United Kingdom since then.
Abdul-Karim al-Karmi (1909 - 11 October 1980), famously known as Abu Salma, citation He is a Palestinian poet and one of the Arab poets.
It is a custom in many parts of the world that women change their family name to that of their new husband when they marry.
As of 15 February 2013, the head of the city is Stanislav Mosharov.
On 29 August 2020, he was humanely put down due to a heart condition.
Unlike other species, the Chinese hamster has a long tail.
，結果自己蒙上不白之冤，此後兩年便不再上學，而曆也因為見識到在多數暴力下被決定的事成為正義而心灰意冷。
Many areas have programmes to promote ‘local sustainability’: many are called ‘Local Agenda 21’ plans, named after the international Agenda 21 action plan for sustainable development agreed at the United Nations Earth Summit held in 1992.
'dan tek farkı, karda yapılıyor olmasıdır.
次年，李燧被罷免，將領推舉萬恭，萬恭則稱自己生病；
In 1934, he married Isabel García and had two children with her: Leon and Carolina.
失去了家人的尤里，仍然继续着他的军火生意。
Plummer has won many awards for his roles.
This is an example of real life application of the methodology of constitutional economics.
Anerood Jugnauth founded the Socialist Militant Movement (MSM) and built an alliance with the Labor Party of Mauritius on the one hand, and with the Mauritian Social Democrat Party (PMSD), Gaétan Duval, on the other.
It transforms when it is picked up.
RuPaul is noted among famous drag queens for his indifference towards the gender-specific pronouns used to address him—both "he" and "she" have been deemed acceptable.
It is an ocean.
After Big Daddy's release, the two started a slow period in their careers.
第二集則在2017年7月20日播出 citation 。
The parish capital is Port Maria.
Like his father, Achmed Junior is the victim of a bomb, which resulted in the destruction of the half of his face and body.
The Arrow Ecology şirketi ArrowBio İşleme isminde çöpü direkt olarak çöp kamyonlarından alan ve yerçekimsel kurulumla görüntüleyen, hidra mekanik olarak küçük parçalayarak organik ve organik olmayan materyal olarak ayıran patentli bir sistem geliştirdi.
新政府剛重新上任，便迅速在議會推行脫歐法案。
In 1951 a new treaty was signed and the American military returned to Iceland.
's taskforce on antimicrobial resistance from 1992 to 1996.
，政府、党派的介入，无疑会使媒体的报道有所偏向性。
“普查搜採之难，校勘辨订之难，分类编序之难，制订条例之难” 缪钺《全宋文·序》 ，因此還是難免有“取舍不当、张冠李戴”之誤 曾枣庄《论全宋文》 。
The HAI is a list including all the eight key areas of human development.
From 2007, he played many matches as center back with Nakazawa of four backs defense.
第3回追加audition」合格者：
A picture of an arrow is often used to point to something.
As such things can cause a lot of damage, and actually kill people, it is illegal in most countries to make or possess them.
楊尚斌在2008年組成男子跳唱組合Bro5 citation ，為樂團團長，編排舞蹈，監製音樂，並負責曲詞創作及音樂製作。2013 Bro5兄弟伍參加廣東電視台湖南衛視「麥王爭霸」勇奪亞軍，同年獲得華語金曲獎「優秀新組合」。
It was founded 1914 and is the oldest football club in Salzburg.
The draw for the group stage will be held on 31 August 2018 at the Grimaldi Forum in Monaco.
The Western Regions according to the Hou Hanshu.
Fantasy fiction often imagines a flat Earth.
Fraserburgh United FC is a junior football club that plays in the Scottish Junior Football North Premier League (also known as the North Superleague).
Tofte found several illegal Soviet spies and personally arrested Asbjørn Sunde, Gunvor Galtung Haavik and Arne Treholt.
In April 2006 it was refurbished.
The ruins of Nineveh are surrounded by the remains of a massive stone and mudbrick wall dating from about 700 BC.
Europe 1789-1914, Encyclopedia of the Age of Industry & Empire.
Gemflex 宝石双反相机, 是50年代美军占领时期日本main公司(Showa Optical works)出品的 17.5毫米胶卷相机 William White Subminiature Photography p108, Focal Press 1990 。
This report is the first description of the production of potassium permanganate.
Anna Lisbeth Christina Palme, née Beck-Friis (14 March 1931 18 October 2018) was a Swedish psychologist and civil servant.
Soaking the leaves in water releases a mild tranquiliser which stuns fish, making them easy to catch.
Shelties make great family pets as long as you do not mind a dog that barks.
'a geri verildi.
In 58 BC, Julius Caesar drove off an attack by the Helvetii.
Since mid-2002, Ward has done a monthly internet-only radio show named Rock 50 on radio station WPMD from Cerritos College in California.
Both of these abjads are written in lines that run from right to left.
At the end, it flows into the Ganges.
The first man was Cornelis Hofstede de Groot (1863–1930).
A baby who can turn invisible with her Stand, Achtung Baby.
完颜昌複擊之，擒其隊將曷魯燥、白撒葛，殺之，降民戶千餘，進降金源縣。
Years later, on the day she was paid a fee by her first patient, she bought another prayer book and had engraved on it her father's name.
He also appeared in the show The Hit Man and Her as one of the featured dancers on the show (and in a duo called Look Twice) in the late 1980s.
These old songs were written by Keane.
Russell Slade ile takım iyi bir çıkış yakalar ve ligi 17. sırada bitirerek ligde kalır.
Angela likes to wear bandanas while playing.
The office is in charge of the Government Supplies Agency.
Howard was married to Jean Speegle from 1949 until her death in 2000.
After some troubles, Joffrey built the company anew in 1965.
At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Lepidus and Plancus.
Gaya is a very old city.
Mûkattâ'at ilim dalının konusu müteşâbih ayetlerden kast edilen anlamları ortaya çıkarabilmektir.
Hemisphere means half (hemi) of the Earth (
The concentration of flux in low-reluctance materials forms strong temporary poles and causes mechanical forces that tend to move the materials towards regions of higher flux so it is always an attractive force (pull).
Lerman's artistic ability appeared at the age of 10. He drew faces with charcoal.
The other half is the highland of Gunung Jerai.
Francesca Capaldi is an American child actress.
，從張作霖得到若干經費 : 320 。
Mobbing calls gather other birds to scare off intruders.
The family were poor.
扬凯尔·维尔尼克在自己的书中将接收区称作第1区，毒气室区（他曾工作的地点）称作第2区。
The schools in the Yemalur Main Road area are mostly primary schools, except for Neev Academy (which has classes up to high school).
He returned to Jack Noseworthy Studios (now renamed E1 Music) in 2010, to release Rockin' in the Country.
約1919年（大正8年），開始有人製造並販賣，當時的名稱叫做「日月球」，價格約18錢~50錢（以幣值換算約日幣50元），因為很便宜，所以造成相當大的流行。
帕島地勢細長，面積304平方公里，在達爾馬提亞群島中位列第五。
The Twin Falls County Fair is in Filer.
Santiago Üniversitesi'nde hukuk ve teoloji okudu ama daha sonra üniversiteyi bırakarak Rockefeller vakfı desteği ile oyunlar yazdı.
Charnia antecedens has more irregular and higher angles of branching than C. masoni.
Son zamanlarda alışveriş ve yaşam merkezlerinin sayısında büyük artış olmuştur.
However Japan lost both games and he resigned after the competition.
He died on 27 July 2020.
Repairs and renovation of Manila Cathedral were completed in 1958.
The album did not hurt his career in the long run, and it reminded people that Reed was a unique musician.
PC games are recorded with high quality screen recording software such as FRAPS and OBS.
It was opened in 1908 and reopened in Gyeongbok Palace in 2005.
'ın yaptığı, başrollerinde Berkay Ateş ve Saadet Işıl Aksoy'un yer aldığı 2019 çıkışlı filmdir.
Bu 30.000 askerlik ordunun basında Meriç Irmağı vadisini takip ederek Sardica (şimdiki Sofya) üzerine yürüdü.
He became an officer of carabiniers two years later, during the campaign against Russia.
立化中学高中部的校服则是是纯白色的衬衫，或衬衫配有蓝色的裙子或者白色的裤子。
》事隔三年後，在晨間劇時段中再度合作。
It is not a breed.
Robert Trendler (1912 July 18, 2011) was an American bandleader, songwriter, television actor and musical director.
The town has almost no permanent year-round residents.
Before his execution, he made a speech saying "I die innocent of all the crimes that I was accused of; I forgive those who have caused my death; and I pray to God that the blood you are going to shed may never bring harm upon France."
The movie was directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz.
With a route length of convert, it is the longest tunnel in the world.
Millî parkın kültürel özelliği ise Sarıkız efsanesi ve bu kişiye ait mezarın, millî park sınırları içinde bir tepede yer almasıdır.
Urinalysis (testing the urine) can be used to confirm the diagnosis in complicated cases.
She is a Korean-American singer.
In the past, it funded the Getty Leadership Institute for "current and future museum leaders", which is now at Claremont Graduate University.
Cyclops appears and attacks Magneto, Mystique, and Jean Grey.
在中国大陆和澳门，由中央电视台提供转播信号源。
Stephen Fain Williams (September 23, 1936 – August 7, 2020) was an American politician and lawyer.
He is a T53/F53 type track and field athlete.
Sakaguchi's mother is actress Ryoko Sakaguchi, her father was formerly a real estate company executive, her stepfather is the professional golfer Tateo Ozaki.
Bu duygusal roman, bir yandan kölelik gerçeğini tasvir ederken, bir yandan da Hristiyan sevgi anlayışının, insanları köleleştirmek gibi onur kırıcı bir düzeni yenebileceğini belirtiyordu.
Akio Morita kitapta ailesinin kökenlerini ve Sony'nin nasıl kurulduğunu anlatmaktadır.
The result of each flip is added as a colored dot in the corresponding column.
三年（1239年）三月，進工部郎官。
当比赛暂停时，卢仁在完全脱离现实的状态中在城里游荡。
Perrault's rhyming moral at the end of the story tells readers that sometimes the smallest boy in the family brings good things to all.
The area was not suitable for big farms.
Devonport City Football Club an Association Football club that plays in the National Premier Leagues Tasmania.
In lieu of tribute, the revenue from customs was in some cases shared equally by the king, chief magistrate, bishop and municipality.
Already in 1848, there had been plans for a German national library.
A vision mixer is used to cut live feed coming from several cameras in real time.
Henry's work on energy regulation and metabolism, protein metabolism and body composition has enabled him to develop a new model of energy regulation.
The Union army that was positioned at the covered bridge fired the first few volleys at the rebels to harass their front positions.
His first club abroad was in the German Bundesliga where he managed 1. FC Köln.
They said "the band doesn't really break any new ground here" and that the band "often takes themselves a bit too seriously".
They worked from the 1940s to the 1970s.
He played many matches from 2019.
Cynewulf was a member of the West Saxon witan.
而第三方的Twitter應用程式最大使用人數限制約十萬人 citation 。
A new $360 million medical research facility is due to begin in early 2009 and be completed by the end of 2011.
In the present, the slogan says: "Trix is not for rabbits!"
U.S. News & World Report has listed the school a top tier baccalaureate college in the Midwest for 13 years in a row, with Augustana placing third as of 2009.
This process helps the client to move-on from the physical or emotional pain they are feeling.
It is exciting.
Southern coast inhabit Glavic tribes, the first of them are Rus'; there are also Polans, that border in the north with Prussians, on the south with Czechs, and these, that are calling themselves Moravians or Carynthians and Sorbians."
The hero of the novel is the philosopher Alexei Krutorogov.
When a program has a problem because of how the code was written, this is called a "
It is anything that comes out with regular issues and are published in series.
Owensboro is located at 37°45′28″N 87°7′6″W on the Ohio River.
He was elected Mayor of Nuevo Cuscatlán on 11 March 2012.
In 1968 The Jackson 5 were signed to Motown.
但在29話中，她與愛麗絲交戰，雖然陷入了苦戰，但還是放出了strike shot“超級奇蹟火箭飛拳”取得了勝利。
In addition to their studio albums, the Jayhawks released Live From the Women's Club, an all-acoustic live recording of Louris/Perlman/O'Reagan from 2002.
Also it symbolizes the hope of having courage and volition for people who are starting a new year.
一个典型的6×60米窑，包括耐火材料和饲料的质量，大约是1100吨，以及将在三个轮胎和套滚筒，沿窑的长度间隔开进行。
It is called by some authorities the Allosauroidea.
After the end of the Civil War, Virginia became part of the United States again in 1870, but the counties that had left to start West Virginia did not join Virginia again.
Georgia State University, Hydrocarbons, http://hyperphysics.
Usually several of the techniques are combined.
He unleashed a reign of terror on earth, heaven and the nether worlds.
That can then cause a plant to have a disaster.
It has important medicinal properties for the Pankararé people of Brazil.
Several people pretended to be him.
Stella Katsoudas (born November 3, 1971) is a Greek-American singer.
Daughter of the speedster Johnny Quick, Jesse Chambers becomes a speeding superhero like her father.
There have been many disgusting statements made recently concerning allegations of improper conduct on my part.
He or she must say this in a written letter to both the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Norman Lowell, the leader of a fringe Maltese radical right-wing political party, claims he was a national hero.
She won both the 3,000 m and the 5,000 m in an outdoor world record time.
In dry years, for example April 1944 to April 1945, the Lachlan may have no water flowing in it at all.
His town paid for it.
She began acting in the late 1990s, appearing in several television roles, including American Gothic and Once and Again.
If people who remove carbon dioxide are paid then there could be businesses which remove carbon dioxide for money.
Charles Henry Mosley III (December 26, 1959 – November 9, 2017) was an American singer-songwriter.
Long time ago Wu and Garmadon fought with the Time Twins and banish them using the Time Blade.
So, the same size of graphene battery pack has a higher charge capacity than lithium-ion or other commonly used batteries.
But still, information can be delivered out of order, get lost, or even duplicated.
Copies of the game GURPS Cyberpunk was considered as proof by mistake.
Luke and Atlas sent the Nemean Lion to the National Air and Space museum to stop the group of questing Hunters and Demigods.
Viyazma batısındaki bu kuşatma 10 Ekim'de tamamlandı.
The county has a total area of 792 square miles.
One year later in 1984, she earned her bachelor's degree from Georgetown university in Washington D.C. Anderson has published many books for young adults and children.
Bu yağ asitlerini yok etmektedir.
无奈的直哉只能亲自到东京的夏目家中请罪，辞去了小说连载的工作 阿川弘之『志贺直哉 上』p.212、岩波書店、1994年 。
，并著书《外国事情书》、《初稿西洋事情书》、《再稿西洋事情书》、《慎机论》等。
Dark green: AU member states.
The Ediacara biota: a terminal Neoproterozoic experiment in the evolution of life.
Keating resigned from Congress to become President and CEO of The Cincinnati Enquirer.
Between 2016 and 2017, Half-Height Platform Barriers were installed at the remaining 11 LRT stations.
四肢一般有5個爪子，這是深顏色在他們的基地。
So a person has to pay more attention.
She was the mother of their two children, Sydney and Justin.
This was to keep the tradition of naming new elements after newly discovered planets.
There on,they can get married.
In such case, fiber supplements, such as psyllium or methylcellulose, can be of benefit.
随后又开设了十余所航空兵、炮兵、工程兵、测绘、铁道、医学等专业的短训班军校及彼得格勒海军指挥军官学校。
His brother was Hans-Jürgen Kurrat.
She was appointed a university professor.
Duke of Normandy, probably as a show of support for monarchy and to stop Charles claiming the title himself.
Gambon is almost the only leading actor not to grace Yasmina Reza's ART at Wyndham's.
He wrote many historical articles to one of the biggest Polish magazines, Wprost.
Sanders later called out Trump as a "pathological liar" who leads a "vicious movement", and said that "while I appreciate that we had supporters at Trump's rally in Chicago, our campaign did not organize the protests".
Her reading, writing, spelling, and counting skills were reported to be at a fourth-grade level.
He played all 34 matches in 2011 season.
It was found in Indus Valley so early.
This means that they will usually nest underground but will nest in other warm environments.
Mark VII released two albums, "Purpendicular" (1996) and "Abandon" (1998), before Jon Lord retired in 2002, feeling the need to step down from the band's hard touring schedule.
There are universities nearby in Leeds.
Due to lack of funds, this road has not been repaired.
The region has a total population of about 6000.
The movie was released in September 1995.
Against this are the many exceptions.
The music would not be in the same key all the time.
She is a village belle, who earns her livelihood by weaving clothes.
Tarzan and Jane are reunited at their treehouse.
According to Reed's Law, the value of fully meshed networks is proportional to the exponent of the number of subscribers.
His will was witnessed by John Howland, John Cooke, James Hurst, and William Hoskins.
This process can be repeated, until only one grain of sand is left.
She got her love of dancing and singing from her mother.
This frog has a wide head.
The earlier in development the X chromosomes deactivate, the larger the spots will be.
》主打歌〈예뻐 (Pretty)〉舞台活動擔任伴舞。
Daha sonra aynı yıl içerisinde Bruce Pavitt in yeni kurduğu Sub Pop adlı şirket etiketiyle Sub Pop 100 adlı derleme albüm ve Green River'ın Dry As a Bone adlı EP'si yayınlandı.
The symptoms of MRSA depend on where the infected is.
苏珊娜会跟她倾诉自己的人生，但乔治娜提醒苏珊娜有其他女孩在场。
），介紹每區包含星官（共283個）、描述恆星數目（共1,464顆）與其位置。
》丛书编辑部 编：《当代中国军队的政治工作》（下册）第六编：军队基层政治工作 第二十一章：共青团支部和军人委员会 第二节：军人委员会，
'da B Grubu'nda 11 puan toplayarak son sırada yer aldı.
These could be sound, light or radio waves.
Karl Brugger described the city in his book The Chronicle of Akakor (1976).
Confederate Park in downtown Memphis, the site of a demonstration organized in 2005 by James Edwards and the staff of The Political Cesspool.
唯一的部下是擔任保鑣的愛迪爾，自己本身並沒有戰鬥能力。
他也指出自由黨的威爾德斯在促成提前選舉後被認為是投機政客而聲勢下滑。
从2007年5月起，越南服务器更新到6034版本，同时越南区所有的游戏道具物价全部比韩国原厂上涨20%，同时不少原本只需要游戏币购买的道具也转变成需要现实货币购买的道具。
No. 10, season 3. Their parents find out in "Heart".
再度回藏后他开始从事大量佛教经典的翻译，并在各地讲经，
另外，自那时起党内斗争中失利的一方即使被认为犯了严重的错误，通常也可以保留党籍。
Evan writes another letter to himself.
Commercial sterilization of food is not common, because it tends to destroy the flavour of the food.
Time Series is a statistical method used to forecast revenues, hotel occupancy, interest rates etc.
It is the political part of the wider British co-operative movement, and all members of the party must be members of a co-operative business.
She filmed a North American tour of the band.
Kjellberg made his YouTube channel on 29 April 2010.
The National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers (RMT union) held a conference in January 2006 to address what it calls 'The crisis in working class representation', in which Dave Nellist was invited to speak.
İlk yazılabilir CD CD-Erasable (CD-E)(Silinebilir Yoğun Ağırşak) olarak tasarlandı ve yapılan değişikliklerden sonra 1997 yılında CD-RW ismini aldı.
Don Pizarro, the military governor of the prison, hears that the prison is going to be looked at by inspectors who make sure that the prison is being properly managed.
They were active in the 1930s and 1940s.
In 2013, the biggest sinkhole in Kansas opened north of Sharon Springs.
）是一句拉丁語名言，源于羅馬政治家老加圖。
NY/New Haven: The Drawing Center/Yale University Press.
Life on Earth changed greatly during the Cambrian period.
Their coats were thick and they had a broad tail.
地主杨翰西见状便将“一勺泉”上的十亩多山地捐赠给了量如和尚，广福寺始得扩建，形成深山古寺之风。
The name "loon" is from the Scandinavian word for "clumsy".
The American Journal of Psychiatry 157(8), 1221-8.
She began singing and dancing in her hometown at events and shows.
由于其作品的编剧、制片及导演都是两人共同合作完成，故非正式地稱為“科恩兄弟”。
Some other writers of Chaucer's time also wrote in English.
It was released by Interscope.
He was best known for his research on organizations, his (jointly with Richard Cyert) A behavioral theory of the firm and organizational decision making.
According to his wish, the next Games were held in Paris, although they would be somewhat over-shadowed by the concurrently held Universal Exposition.
。1983年，佐格比從班特·黑格博格（Bengt Hagberg）於main刊登的文章，
In the film, former IJA soldiers admit that they often raped Chinese women and massacred Chinese civilians.
Both movies were directed by her uncle, Christopher Landon.
由於這種語言跟現代希伯來語平衡使用，其語音學上與現代希伯來語的差異可清楚的留意到，分別如下：
There were four men influenced by non-violent protest.
By the end of Deathly Hallows, Harry possesses all three Deathly Hallows: the Cloak of Invisibility, the Resurrection Stone, and the Elder Wand, They are three of the most powerful magical items in all of the wizarding-world.
The pirates knew the swamps around New Orleans and helped guide the Americans to outmaneuver the British.
The third was awarded at the year of its 100-Year Anniversary.
如今的“南岳圣帝”是1983年复制的，原像毁于文革期间。
The uniform consists of what a teen would normally wear, however the clothes are either plaid, navy, burgundy, kaki or white.
Doctors use pancuronium bromide during surgery.
Southampton Common is a large open space.
A CD has tracks and bumps on the tracks.
Another formulation of the theory was given by Turner and Pitcher and was viewed as a combination of detection and attack probabilities.
It replaced the Favorit in 1994 with a facelift in 1998.
The only member of Crazy Cats to have survived to the Reiwa era.
In 2008, the bank received taxpayer bailouts for €6 billion, and it became the first big casualty of the 2011 European sovereign debt crisis.
，造成眾人恐慌，於是派遣無我相、尊天印、渡岸舟與容正弘展開圍殺行動。
In 1918, a new school house was built.
Dudley was one of the first students to enroll.
This was either in revenge for killing his brother or because Cyneheard was about to be expelled from Wessex.
，全长12.6公里 citation 。
It entered into force in 1975.
The water footprint concept was introduced in 2002 by A.Y. Hoekstra from UNESCO-IHE as an alternative indicator of water use.
The pedal on the left makes the sound quieter.
People do this willingly or without thinking.
Rishi belongs to a joint family and works for a matrimonial company.
The winner is chosen by a combination of an online public vote (worth 10% of the final tally), and a panel of experts.
周桓王把盟邑、向邑的百姓迁到郏地 《春秋左氏传 桓公七年》 。
在迈阿密的一个场景中，未來小子被视为驾驶价值50万美元的兰博基尼Aventador。
Peeters played in 489 career NHL games, with a record of 246 wins, 155 losses and 51 ties.
Because of this, they chose to release the movie without any rating.
The members are sisters Alana, Danielle, and Este.
，并向大会介绍“火箭队”的工作，
His works can be seen all over Bangladesh.
The onyomi reading of Shōchiku first appeared in 1920 with the founding of the film production subsidiary "Shōchiku Kinema Gōmei-sha".
Part of the reason for the different taste is that Robusta coffee beans are usually used for making instant coffee.
He also figured out how to help people with phantom pain.
Before 1970, there were only three places in the whole world where this happened.
They are then made to not do their compulsion.
Some is directly radiated from the skin to the air and some is lost through respiratory surfaces of the lungs.
Bu konserlerde ön sanatçı olarak Gloriana sahne aldı.
His cruelty earned him the nickname The Devil.
Castellanos received the first Martin Luther King, Jr. Award on 20 April 2012.
Gretna ran out of money, and they were shut down.
It is advanced version of the earlier M75.
Machairitsas began his solo career in 1989 as a writer and performer.
Rock-a-bye Baby, but in Maggie's thoughts she sees herself falling from a tree.
The Renaissance began about 1400 and lasted until about 1600.
The statue was created in July 2011.
For years, Hannibal had won victories with his experienced army.
Samurai women were taught to use the tantō in case they needed to defend themselves or, if violated, to take their own life.
In February 2011, Simpson-Wentz filed for divorce.
In March, they sent about 8,000 prisoners to other concentration camps.
Sonra batı medeniyyeti Orta Anadolu halkları (Hatto, sonra Hititler) etkisi altına düşüyor, ve bununla beraber yavaş yavaş gerilmeğe düşüyor.
's military government.
A lock keeps things closed.
The main problems were that Rapier could not fire very far, and that there was no proximity fuse.
In the next five more years, about 3,000 VENONA messages were made public.
Another relatively common detector is the ion trap mass spectrometer.
Then he was married to Marguerite "Peggy" Desommes from 1948 until they divorced in 1952.
Klein, 2nd ed. Table 5.1 African sites with fossils of Homo ergaster (African H. erectus); and table 5.2 African sites with fossils of early Homo sapiens.
He was best known for presenting Play School and for starring as Brian the Farmer in Dapplewood Farm.
该市人口密度为convert，其人口在过去十年中增加了15.9％。 citation citation 特罗姆瑟是挪威北部最大城市区，
Bu nedenle, ergenlik döneminde veya bu dönemden kısa bir süre sonra, cinsiyet rolünün değişmesine karar veren transseksüel bireylerin sayısı giderek artmaktadır.
It began airing on October 3, 2017.
They often have trouble making decisions and can change their minds quickly.
曾任河南煤业化工集团有限责任公司董事长。
Cabrillo Beach is known by windsurfers as "Hurricane Gulch" because of its predictably strong winds.
Christian enters the Wicket Gate, opened by Goodwill.
Daxter finds Kaeden, who reveals himself to be a giant insect, but he is defeated by Daxter.
清廷遂於1905年派載澤、端方等五大臣出洋考察。
Tundras do not get very much rain or snow.
That is believed to be the shortest gestation period.
On 27 May 1971, Biotti was removed at the request of Calabresi's lawyer.
每个人拿出具体的行动，不要停留在嘴上，真正做自己能做的事情，为残疾人，为其他需要帮助的人们。
It was founded on 9 May 1989 according to the decree Number 168 of the National Executive.
She had a starring role as a singer in 1957 musical comedy Panama Sal.
An example of a decision problem is deciding whether a given natural number is prime.
He was adopted by Jonathan and Martha Kent.
Erken Roma takvimi, 1 Mart'ı yılın ilk günü olarak belirledi.
His parents were Mr Saeng and Mrs ookchan Panomyong.
Frederick's successor, Frederick William I of Prussia, rarely stayed at the palace.
Alman botanikçi Heinrich Moritz Willkomm tarafından 1858 yılında tanımlanmıştır.
在得知崔馬國王的死因後決定幫助忍者們一起對抗柯馬。
In 2001 there were 126 people living in Great Henny.
Mart 2007'de Sky Sports tarafından kariyeri kısa süren en büyük sporcular listesinde birinci seçildi.
In 1510, he studied briefly with Johannes Trithemius.
良棟檄川、陝諸軍從征，進寶疏言所屬諸軍宜留鎮守，請停撥遣，從之。
Hughes' Boeing Stratoliner had more fuel tanks.
核苷酸多樣性是main（genetic variation）的一個量化值。
The weapon is also called an automatic rifle.
A cat rescue group named "Cats Protection", tried to wash out the colour with shampoo, but could not.
By 1837 the small community became known as 'Athens'.
He is the author of many papers and articles in the field of space radiation.
Tanah Merah MRT is also officially assigned the station code "CG", to differentiate the station's operations on the Main Line and the Changi Airport Branch Line.
On the back of each game's box, the ESRB also rates elements of the game.
Lil' Mama is featured in one remix.
Stan is able to think clearly and is generally good-natured.
傑克森的這些作為造成國際事件，門羅總統的多名閣員要求通過對傑克森的譴責案，
Charest was found dead on March 1, 2014.
第三次則呼喊蝦夷語「chabe、abe、kana、kira、rara、tusuke、myahon、tusuke」
İlk kapatılma 29 Ekim 1934'te 10 gün süreyledir.
Balletomanes of the early nineteenth century were bored with stories about ancient gods and goddesses, plots based on myths, and ancient costumes.
当年毕业生362人全部获得学士学位。
于是，兴汉昌营造厂等四家营造厂完成了这项工程。
She helped start a women's right to drive campaign in 2011.
They were passed down through speaking and written down around the 8th century BC.
They will soon recognise you as a living thing: that is a great moment.
The two oldest Arabica coffees are "Mocha" and "Java".
However, in 1857 rebellions broke out in many different places, Murree being one of these places.
He is briefly placed in charge of the farm when Otis decides to leave.
The hormones also make it possible for females to become pregnant and have babies.
Its leader is the Premier of Victoria.
Bu formülde yer alan nicelikler, genliklerden ziyade yoğunluklardır.
This is the direction that all Muslims face when they pray.
Testimony may be spoken or written.
各地区性别工资差距的持续存在可能反映出许多因素，包括妇女在教育和技能方面继续处于劣势；她们缺乏有组织的发言权和讨价还价能力；针对劳动力市场流动性的针对性别的限制；以及她们较高的地位参与兼职或临时工作。”
Usually, the party which has a seat to fill presents two candidates with mainstream viewpoints to the United Federal Assembly, which then chooses one.
In 2010 it was rebuilt to be a free fall attraction.
Stevens-Johnson sendromunun nadir olduğunu ve bu ilaçları kullanan insanlar için bile sendromu yakalama riskinin düşük olduğunu vurgulamak önemlidir.
This group contains bears, seals, and true dogs, and more.
Fay and Gonzalo were the first pair of hurricanes to make landfall in Bermuda in the same season.
And the king was exceeding sorry; yet for his oath's sake, and for their sakes which sat with him, he would not reject her.
》讚譽其：「与荒政相终始，仍以民为重」。
Krasnodar uses a 220 V/50 Hz power supply with two round-pin outlets, like most European countries.
This prevents the water in the brine pool from mixing with the 'normal' seawater above.
There are recordings of modern didgeridoo players playing without stopping for more than 40 minutes; Mark Atkins on Didgeridoo Concerto (1994) plays for over 50 minutes continuously.
The whole peninsula has been declared part of the UTC+12.
İsveç'e taşındıktan sonra istediği hayatı bulamayan Tanya sıkılır.
當時美國在越南外海尚有漢考克號駐守，而星座號及小鷹號則分別在日本及菲律賓。
Critics complained when the movie was released because its running time was over three hours.
All hopped up and ready to go: music from the streets of New York 1927 77. New York: Norton, p118 & opposite p300.
Tamamen amatör takımların yer aldığı Kadınlar Ligi'nin ilk sezonunda 4 gruba ayrılan toplam 16 takım mücadele etti.
Wearing a niqab (sometimes referred to as a burqa, although this term only technically applies to an Afghan all-in-one garment) is common in some countries with a majority Muslim population.
London: Penguin Books, entry Infraspecific variation.
Verbal means 'the use of words'.
Pacas in zoos eat fruits, vegetables, raw meat, lizards, and insects.
At school, Evan meets with Alana and Jared.
The movie had a lukewarm box office of $23.4 million against its $18 million budget.
Geldi Nejad began playing music when he was 6 years old.
这种自由演奏并没有由作曲者清楚表达出来，在古典音乐中称为main。
"Members of The Wrens, 16-year-old band from Teaneck, NJ, comment on their careers and new CD.
The song is about Eminem's anger towards his then-wife Kim Mathers.
In 1890, another building was added a short distance to the south-west of the Rijksmuseum.
In 2010, Mafli was accused of tax fraud.
For example, acetaminophen is the official generic name used in the United States.
Photoirradiation would require an antarafacial shift of hydrogen.
For two years Clara took care of her brother, hardly leaving his bedside.
最后，整部戏虽然引起更多观众的掌声，但没有很多观众知道，他们在看的其实是杀人现场。
The marriage took place in 1885, as she did not immediately wanted to leave her father alone.
There are seven primary schools in Todmorden.
When people speak of Amish today, they usually mean the Old Order Amish.
After this incredibly short amount of time, the W + boson will decay into the leptons that the pion would naturally decay to.
It shows an autopsy.
次年（622年），唐在當地設「交州總管府」，管治越地軍政，
Schoep's Ice Cream was founded by E.J. Schoephoester in 1928.
North American Aboriginal Peoples were the first people to live around the lake.
Complex definition: Vulnerability is the susceptibility to physical or emotional injury or attack.
The irrigation facilities are also provided by the CTA office.
Because of this extra support, banyan tree branches can be really long.
For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 120.0 males.
They also accept the principle of a free economy.
It was a piece of cloth put over the left shoulder, and fastened over the right shoulder.
This created interest in the media, but there was no truth to the story.
Now, it is the biggest regional theatre in Australia.
The Parthian language is an old Iranian language.
，是世界第8大經濟體，美洲第2大經濟體。
There are two important regions in the province: the valley of the Yaque del Sur river, in the north of the province, and the Sierra de Bahoruco ("Bahoruco mountain range").
Earth does change its magnetic poles every million years (plus or minus 200,000 years).
魯迅在《病後雜談》中說：「大明一朝，以剝皮始，以剝皮終，可謂始終不變。
He stands at a spiritual crossroads and gives permission to speak with the spirits of Guinee.
Oraya giderken sanki tüm kırgınlığınızı da birlikte götürüyorsunuz."
拉斯·馮·提爾陸續接受各國媒體訪問以澄清他當時的言論，
He actually lived there for less than six weeks.
The first of the two shows was released the next year under the title Starkers in Tokyo.
桥边水作鹅黄色，也逐笙歌过半塘。”
Manero lives with his parents and works in a dead-end job at a small hardware store.
In 2002-2008, BA at Bogomolets National Medical University.
The Stinky Cheese Man and Other Fairly Stupid Tales is a children's book by Jon Scieszka.
Surprise attacks will be successful the first time, maybe two or three times.
Bu yeni tahrik biçimiyle şanzıman dişlisine gerek kalmıyordu.
，以此可以被更多其它的蛋白质识别。
When the lady takes her mask off he realizes it is Eboli.
The President is in charge of many departments that control all of the different parts of the government.
在他看来，公有制是手段而不是目的。
This frog lives in temporary and permanent bodies of water.
Lastly he married Celeste Shane from 1972 until they divorced in 1977.
Ticari ürünlerdeki verimliliği ile ilgili henüz çalışma yapılmamıştır.
Cyril Colbeau-Justin (28 September 1970 – 7 November 2020) was a French movie producer.
For the first hour (UTC 10:00–10:59), this phenomenon affects inhabited territories, whereas during the second hour (UTC 11:00–11:59) it only affects an uninhabited maritime time zone twelve hours behind UTC.
The liver is also attached to the bottom of the lungs and when a muscle which is attached to the liver pulls, the liver moves away from the lungs and pulls them, making them bigger.
The most recent changes in the conference membership happened in July 2020 when Purdue Fort Wayne Horizon League (August 5, 2019).
今大王不与万全之汉而自讬於危亡之楚，臣窃为大王惑之。
A person who has had an arm or leg removed is known as an amputee.
The user of the term imagines a kind of independent position above or beyond the two contenders.
Sometimes nagas will use their magic powers to transform into human form.
The shooter will then normally try to pocket the unracked fifteenth colored ball, and at the same time have the cue ball smash into the fourteen racked balls, spreading them so that later shots are available, and the player continue at the table.
When the featherfoot is hunting you, it waits till you’re alone or in a small group, at night walking to a destination.
本線於埔里、魚池鄉界路段有3.
; "Kyi" comes from her mother; and "Suu" comes from her grandmother.
'tan getirilen uzun öten Berat horozunun Denizli'de yerli ırklarla karışması ile oluştuğu iddia edilmektedir.
Alas, since Leah’s speech is developing on her own, Hopkins is now very happy being a little green animated sidekick who loves to swim, paint, lift large pieces of fruit and eat unsuspecting flies.
He was married to Betsy Aidem until they divorced in 1998.
This is mainly because with bevel gear, the calculations are easier.
The Senate of the Philippines (
A trucking system brought supplies to front-line troops, but transportation took huge amounts of fuel to reach the front line near the Belgian border.
Many such signals exist in different groups of animals.
The county has five main high schools including; North Forsyth, West Forsyth, Lambert High, Forsyth Central, and South Forsyth.
Scooby'ler görülemeyen bir iblisin etkisi altına girmeye başlarlar.
Between 1729 and 1747 Catesby published his book Natural History of Carolina, Florida and the Bahama Islands.
The 1968 Monaro came in 7 different models, ranging from a straight-six cylinder engine up to a V8 engine.
This was the application of knowledge, scientific methods and thinking to solve the new problems posed by the war.
With the Red Hot Chili Peppers, they recorded One Hot Minute in 1995.
The dance style of the habanera is slower and more stately than the danza; by the 1840s there were habaneras written, sung and danced in Mexico, Venezuela, Puerto Rico and Spain.
标志以大树和白鸽为显形，标志主色为绿色，突出表现学校的人文气息，而冲天白鸽的昂扬气势，象征学校不断进取，不断发展。
No firm timescales or details of the structure have yet been released.
They go below the knee in length.
In 1887, Logan County was created.
The children played nice because they did not watch the aggressive model to copy the behavior.
They have had many tours including the Never Sleep Again tour, the Warped Tour and Projekt Revolution.
But she was born in the house of Khuman Puremba, as her mother got a second marriage to the later.
Benedict has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters.
All the lanthanoids are silvery white soft metals and tarnish rapidly in air.
I still think it's brilliant and I stand by it.
Bromides are normally colorless and nontoxic.
Sisikon, the gateway to Canton Uri, lies on the delta of the Riemenstalderbach stream on the eastern shore of the Urnersee, the southernmost arm of the Vierwaldstättersee.
He is known for his quick dribbling, thinking and passing skills, and he has also scored some great goals in his career.
A handful of fans-only private screenings took place around the world.
The people in Kaduna State mostly belong to the Hausa, Gbagyi, Adara, Ham, Atyap, Bajjuu and Agworok ethnic groups.
Nocardia organik madde bakımından zengin topraklarda dünya çapında bulunur.
He also has some characteristics taken from Lenin.
Children are attracted to the cathartic qualities of the grotesque, she suggests.
They had two daughters: Charlotte and Louisa.
He did not feel bad about it.
During menstruation, an ovum is released from the ovary and enters one of the Fallopian tubes.
It is a part of Vilakkudy panchayat.
Chances are, it is a common beetle, and the expert can give the boy quite a lot of information about it.
His parents were unmarried at the time of his birth and he has never met his biological father.
運動由北美與歐陸的聖經學者發起，
Fagan, writer for the Oregon Journal, planted flowers in the hole.
Birçok okul ve kulübün fahri antrenörlüğünü yapan Haydar Doğan, Günümüzde Millî ve şampiyon Atletlerimizden Turan Örnek, Mahmut Yavuz, Atilla Sabaoğlu, Ayşegül Tahtakale, Yasemin Çiloğlu ve Abidin Yapan'ın antrenörlüğünü yapmıştır.
在魔戒被毀之前，末日火山也沒有出現在屏幕上。
There are many types of Korean barbecue meats.
Bundan sonra, ikili heel olan Baron Corbin ve Rhyno karşısında hırsla azimle ve büyük bir yetenekle dövüştükleri için face turn yaparlar.
As chief executive, the president must take an active role in all phases of government.
North of the town the cliffs become smaller, to the level of the beach at Onival.
The main event for the Raw side of the PPV was determined on the May 9 edition of Raw.
淮南國（前203年－前173年）
，面積288平方公里，2002年人口5,659，人口密度每平方公里19.
The romantic attraction becomes mutual after a day of high-spirited fun; however, Holly's fear of being "caged" leads her to reject the relationship.
限時5分鐘內，用大會提供的45個英文字母組合出最多生字。
A person using the medical view would write "people who are deaf".
在一年后的联邦大选，自由党-国家党联盟贏得大選，結束工黨長達十三年的執政；霍华德出任政府总理，科斯特洛任财政部长，亚历山大·唐纳任外交部长。
The first phase ended around 1872, because it did not have success, and Wodzivob said that he was possibly wrong.
If a temple is a family temple it is treated as part of the family.
He was elected in 2006 as governor and re-elected in 2010.
Various other salads have also been called "Greek" in the English language in the last century.
」他說，總統、閣揆都參加遊行，可能陷入「準無政府狀態」，萬一發生族群衝突等意外事件，總統和閣揆站在第一線，「球員兼裁判」如何仲裁解決紛爭？
，仅负责签署全国人大及常委会通过的法令。
Very often, this is done using a combination of drugs and psychotherapy.
Koalas have two unusual characteristics.
Some people also feel pain go up to the chest.
Photometric survey of the irregular satellites,Icarus, 166,(2003), pp. 33-45.
Realpolitik is the idea that the world is ruthless and you have to act realistically, even if it causes other things to happen that are bad, or decisions have to be made that upset your people.
The enemies of heroes are Louhi and Joukahainen.
Eat This Not That.
判处管制附加剥夺政治权利的，剥夺政治权利的期限与管制的期限相等，同时执行。
有意思的是，尽管法国总统萨科齐在2009年访问巴西期间正式邀见郝倪，却没有得到他的回应。
，人类隐蔽在封闭的地下城市得以存活。
This surrender includes all Pakistan land, air and naval forces as also all para-military forces and civil armed forces.
Mukhulai neredeyse hiçbir direnişle karşılaşmadan yürüyerek şehirdeki 100 bin eve halkına silahları ve yiyecekleri ile bilrikte el koydu.
They were put back on sale while an appeal was made to the Arts Council.
Other Christians celebrate it as well.
It gave the church a naturally elevated position in town.
Jefferson'un Monticello'yu ziyaretleri ve Hemings'in hamileliklerinin zamanlamasını analiz etmiş ve iki olaylar dizisinin ilişkili olduğunun son derece muhtemel olduğu sonucuna varmıştır.
Investments in renewables can be less expensive than fossil fuel energy systems.
Length of larval life n twelve families of fishes at “One Tree Lagoon,” Great Barrier Reef, Australia.
Gou Bu Li’s shop is one of the oldest and most famous shops in that city.
身上穿著一件鬆鬆散散的藤色和服，束著一條長辮子的男子。
白彥敬到了北京，聽說南征各軍逃回來的兵都跑到東京，想擁戴完顏雍為皇帝。
Body language is significant to communication and relationships.
》後的大型作品，這部作品原先預定為大慕影藝的首部作品，但因改編過程較長，便先拍攝《我們與惡的距離》。
基于当时的背景因素，有人认为，这一大块壁画太商业化，太西方化，建议敲掉。
，11月8日於群馬縣先行上映 。
The work started in 1971 but there was a delay in finishing it.
It was released in 2013.
本屆金馬獎報名數量創新高，共計有211部華語劇情片參與角逐入圍，遺珠成串，個人獎項部分多數遺珠原因竟是「同一演員因多部電影入圍同獎」，造成「自己打自己」，分散票源。
The range of predictions is based on different levels of human carbon dioxide production.
Given video cameras by the filmmakers, they shoot exclusive footage of the eviction process, adding vivid intimacy to their story.
In 2012, he became a regular player as right side midfielder and Vegalta finished at the 2nd place which is best results in the club history.
In 2007, 14020 people lived there.
Although her name is mentioned in the Prose Edda, it gives no direct powers or other information about her.
Knudsen was born in Vennesla, Norway.
She was married to J. Holt Smith from 1977 until they divorced in 1983.
Several hundred Paxtonians marched on Philadelphia in January 1764, where the presence of British troops and Philadelphia militia prevented them from committing more violence.
像main般的研究者批評為跨性別者打上同性戀或異性戀標籖的做法，他寫道：「……在這些用法中，『异性恋』或『同性恋』取向的参考点仅仅是重新指定前的遺傳性別（比如Blanchard et al.
Basic mechanism: climate changes from very warm to very cold and back to very warm.
Film izleyiciler tarafından beğenilse de eleştirmenleri ikiye böldü.
That is different from an invented or falsely-attributed noble title which is claimed without any historic basis.
", "Five Minutes to Midnight", and "
，设立喷泉，收购了圣马可广场的喷泉 于1626年左右委托吉罗拉莫·雷纳尔迪设计了两个喷泉。
The museum is dedicated to architecture and urban planning in Paris and the Parisian metropolis.
The flag of Germany (
Three presumed terrorists were shot dead by the police.
In addition to the specific iconographic form known as Nataraja, various other types of dancing forms (Sanskrit: 'nṛtyamūrti') are found in all parts of India, with many well-defined varieties in Tamil Nadu in particular.
The most important is the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Australia.
在20世纪80年代，当新到达的台湾与中国大陆的移民定居在这一地区时，这个邻近地区便开始发展了起来。
Each house in the settlement has a great panorama.
Many of the campers at Camp Half-Blood have last names that consist of a traditional role or trait of their parent.
National Diabetes Data Group (US), National Institute of Diabetes, Digestive, & Kidney Diseases (US).
Buna örnek olarak, Mustafa Semih Arıcı'nin bir dergide yayınlanan bilim- kurgu hikâyelerinde Gökada yıldız gemisi 22. yüzyıl başlarında Samanyolu galaksisinde bir keşif seyahatıne çıkar.
The uterotubal angles are the parts connected to the Fallopian tubes.
Salt is also commonly added to peas when served.
Uttar Pradesh is affected primarily from the southwest monsoon.
Javier Maximiliano Alfredo Hipólito Valle Riestra González Olaechea, (born January 5, 1932) is a Peruvian lawyer, jurist and politician.
除此之外，对氨基苯乙醚还是一种潜在的突变原。
That date is the day of Moscow Armistice 1944.
Wotan says they are the Nibelungs.
衍生而來的 SH-2 核心，稱為 SH-DSP。
右後角有大客廳一座，廳後有臥房數間，廳前有橋欄、池塘，公路四週加築圍牆，樓閣雕樑畫棟。
She also lead a walk-out.
It is thought that up to half of all people with obsessive–compulsive disorder have primarily obsessional OCD.
》中有提到鳥蟲書說，「六曰鳥蟲書，所以書幡信也」。
In late 2019, Ford reused the Puma name on a new small, sporty crossover model.
When she applied for her social security card in May 1939, she gave her parents as George Barnell and Nancy Shaw.
The blizzard made rally a lot of heavy snow and strong winds on Delaware.
Shore crabs are a nocturnal predator which means it hunts at night.
They assess a situation before doing anything.
Coarse rock salt is then rubbed in between the leaves of the cabbage.
She became famous when she starred as the mistress Georgia Ferrer in the Philippine afternoon drama series Ika-6 na Utos (2016).
The club are also known as QPR.
He was the first German Rapper to have two Albums in TOP-10 Charts placement.
He was the chairman of a publicly listed holding firm, DMCI Holdings, Incorporated.
She was the first female Olympic medalist in cross-country skiing.
He competed mainly in the 100 metres.
今江西、四川妄殺平民千萬，縱賊貽禍，皆此議所致。
He mostly appeared on stage, but sometimes acted on screen.
At first both Taylor and Colsefini sang lead vocals.
She was educated at Westlake Girls High School.
Spatt was the United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York from 1989 to 2004.
The population was 298 as of the 2010 census.
After Heisenberg wrote his breakthrough paper, he gave it to one of his teachers to fix up and went on a vacation.
A menace of the games are the Muts.
It is the custom in many churches to set up a Crib (or Creche) scene of the Nativity or birth of Jesus.
For example, patient confidentiality, meaning that doctors can only discuss a patient with the patient themselves.
，后来随着来越来越多的航空公司开始偏离航空运输协会的定义。
戴維德另一要應對的是房屋不足的問題，
This means that the day after taking the drug, a person may keep feeling tired and having trouble with thinking and balance.
Manganese dust can irritate lungs.
Guest starred with Kurt Russell in an episode of the 1960's series "Lost in Space".
其母為紀念愛子捐出款項指定在澳門購買土地建立教會。
Its Wishing Tree is filled with cards that tell people's hopes and dreams.
The Human Be-In was announced on the cover of the first issue of the San Francisco Oracle as "A Gathering of the Tribes for a Human Be-In".
John Edwin Pope citation (April 11, 1928 – January 19, 2017) citation was an American journalist.
When the button on the headphones is held down, VoiceOver will speak the song currently playing and its artist.
Consequently, they increased their fire insurance rates so dramatically that a group of local merchants and brokers decided to form their own company.
Bu sırada Dârülfünun'un ıslahat çalışmalarında da görev aldı.
It is a common key used in rock, folk, country and other guitarist-based styles because a guitar is naturally tuned so that all the open strings are notes in B minor.
The current mayor of Trail is Mike Martin.
"The political personalities of 1996 U.S. presidential candidates Bill Clinton and Bob Dole."
The Adams-Morgan Community Council, comprising both Adams and Morgan schools and the neighborhoods they served, was formed in 1958.
要在費曼路徑積分表述中去除這種多餘性，
Until 1974, Camborne and Redruth were included in the Camborne-Redruth urban district.
The majority of the population is Kurdish.
Most adult male hippos weigh between convert.
While several hundred men were rebelling against the government, both Croats and Serbs, it was soon defeated by Imperial Austrian troops.
Piquet made an error with 4 laps to go, allowing Mansell to close right up.
First reference returned by a search of Google Books occurs in 1927.
农业盛产小麦、玉米，而且拥有较为先进的农业科研机构，可培养大量可供出口的良种和种畜。
The Genbaku Dome is in the center left of the image.
He served several prison terms, and was in prison at Rochester when he died in 1892.
苏军在斯大林格勒战役的胜利，使苏德战争出现了根本性的转折，从此苏军掌握了战略主动权，也是第二次世界大战的转折点。
Each city should only be visited once, the distance (or cost) of the travelling should be minimal, and the salesman should end up where he started.
His management career would be as notable as his playing career.
Their second and last studio album Liverpool was released on 20 October 1986.
West Point has a very broad sports program.
The more redshift there is, the faster the object is moving away.
Second, living brings its own influences.
当诺克提斯离开自己国家后，帝国军袭击路西斯王国，偷走了水晶并杀死了雷吉斯。
He has also contributed to other radio shows such as Minnesota Public Radio's The World.
Here is Zeche Zollverein.
The first Azerbaijani Football Goalkeeper of the Year award was given to Kamran Agayev in 2009, and was further awarded in succession in 2011 and 2012.
主要是透過節目播出，以靜態紙卡的方式，替民眾解答省政府施政的一些疑問。
After apopular vote, Chile returned to democracy, with free elections in 1990.
Delhi, Publications Division, Government of India, 1965.
Through his work at the Museum he became acquainted to many Egyptologists and archaeologists who visited the Museum.
File:Flag of Nguyen dynasty's administrative unit - Thua Thien.
The brain becomes spongy and begins to waste away.
"Conserved" means the sequence stays the same in almost all individuals in the population.
Cash sales are made to the nearest five cents.
Savaşın bitiminde 1883 yılında, Arica Şili'nin ülke sınırları içine dahil olur.
He was perhaps best known for producing Lies My Father Told Me.
It had a jointed neck, an eel-like tail, a scale-less body, and hinged body shields.
His best known song is "The Girl from Ipanema" (1964).
For this reason, Etaro returned to the home of his grandparents home with his mother and became Ishibashi's surname.
Because gasoline was fed to the engine only by gravity, and also because the reverse gear offered more power than the forward gears, the Model T frequently had to be driven up a steep hill backward.
Hinduism encourages devotees to describe and develop a personal relationship with their chosen deity (ishta devata) in the form of a god or goddess.
Mitochondrial DNA sequence variation among the subspecies of sarus crane (Grus antigone) (PDF).
Historian of medieval India and Northist priest Pius Malekandathil argues that the two-wives legend was simply a creation of rivalry between the Middle Eastern migrant Knanaya and the Native St. Thomas Christians.
Damon Atabay is a European social media influencer, former model, and athlete.
Visschers died on August 21, 2020 at the age of 79. https://www.
However, some types of dares do not mean to get the person who did it in trouble.
He also worked in Vårt Land from 1964 to 1966 and 1970 to 1974.
Only municipalities with independent administration and that have the Stadtrecht (city rights) are included.
随着1900年悉尼区比赛的到来，巴拉马打俱乐部与西部郊区俱乐部合并，并在坎伯兰椭圆形球场参加比赛。
現在我軍控制著大江，若憑藉長江天險，爲何不能於死裡求生？
As of 14 May 2020, there are 2,100 officially confirmed cases spread throughout all Bulgarian provinces, with 99 recorded deaths and 521 recoveries.
正德九年（1514年），升任南京右都御史，拜南京工部尚書，之後致仕。
Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $30,625 for females.
His team wound up competing in the wildcard match where they were eliminated, collecting and splitting $75,000.
He serves part-time at the Sephardi Congregation of Teaneck, where he used to be the full-time religious leader, and he teaches at the Torah Academy of Bergen County.
The company ended in 2002 and Sony Pictures Television was started.
Observational studies are not experiments.
Because some babies swallow so quietly, the only way of knowing that they are swallowing is when a pause in their breathing is heard.
These common characters (called '
该蓝色固体易溶于水和极性有机溶剂。
碑首有四龙盘顶，碑身的四边有龙云宝珠浮雕。
另外，折返線在夜間會停放車輛（回送入庫或隔天發往押上）。
It is a toxic chemical; breathing the substance causes dizziness, headache and nausea.
The Germans 362nd Infantry Division lost 50% of its fighting strength.
But a new conflict followed because Henry IV thought the end of excommunication meant he was king again.
A carriage shed has been built into a cutting beyond the station.
在这里，有一层厚度约20厘米、大小约4平方千米的黑土层，这是由一场洪潮带入海藻杂物搁滩深埋而成。
The man is forced to marry the old woman after she gives him the correct answer, which was mastery (
Şehrin nüfusu 26 Kasım 2009 tarihinde toplam nüfusu 6,416'dır.
Bir kimsesiz erkek çocuğu Hicra locası tarafından kabul edilirse, çocuğun bakımını Hicralar üstlenmiş demektir ve bu çocuklar locanın devamını sağlar.
The crowd of people beg Elisabeth to agree to marrying the King of Spain, so that the war will stop.
洛迪古斯雖然於賽季中時被賣走，但球迷仍將他選為蘇黎世最佳球員 citation 。
He was best known as a founder-member of Strawbs together with Dave Cousins and double bassist Ron Chesterman.
The RPF denies this."
The appointment of Sam Ratulangi as the first East Indonesia governor then succeeded in winning Minahasa support to the Republic of Indonesia.
One hundred men were needed to remove Jumbo's body from the tracks.
Basically, it's the next chapter in the Alice in Chains book, and it's going to be a big one."
In some arachnids, the oesophagus also acts as an additional pump.
It published once per week. citation Other papers were published from time to time, including The Kansas Optimist from 1904 until 1965 citation and The Quill from 1888-1890.
Malcolm, Banco’s son, tells his soldiers to cut branches from trees in Birnam Wood and carry them as they attack Macbeth's army.
Catching Fire (the movie) was released in 2014.
Everyone that was killed in the accident was on the bus, which included a child.
He was elected in for the term April 2014-April-2020.
Traits selected by male combat are called secondary sexual characteristics.
In the Gideon decision, the Court admitted that it made the wrong decision in Betts.
In 1992, he was made a member of the Académie nationale de médecine.
This kind of meat is called bushmeat.
Chris, after weakening from a hurricane, became a non-tropical cyclone southeast of Newfoundland on June 22.
In 1978 he got back Austrian citizenship.
，國家的界線也越來越難以區分。
Kranji station was not included in the North South Line Woodlands Extension when it was proposed in 1990.
Because they have those ideas, they do not treat them right.
Margaret Sanger (September 14, 1879 September 6, 1966) born Margaret Hennessy Higgins, was the founder of Planned Parenthood.
某些海洋神祇因而被紧密地联系到人类手工劳作，
Konferans başladığında öğleden sonra 12:30 civarında, Stauffenberg Wilhelm Keitel'in ofisinde bir tuvaleti kullanmak için bir bahane uydurdu ve burada 1 kilogramlık (2,2 lb) plastik patlayıcıyı eliyle hazırlamaya çalıştı.
陳仲金《越南史略》中譯本，93-94頁。
Peki Alekhine ne düşünüyordu?
This makes the city the first in Kansas to elect a city administration that has only women.
It was built for Europeans to go to and from the Indian Ocean.
东西廊房之间四柱三间三楼木牌坊上书“陟降在兹”，四柱三间三楼仿木构石牌坊上书“明灵保障”和“监观”。
This time the season managed to gain high TRP ratings and was declared a hit.
經歷過1960年代的暴動，香港政府於1970年代初調整了政策方針，逐步吸納華人進入決策機制，以增強英國對香港的管治。
As a pre-test loop, the while loop checks the condition before the block is executed.
，巴登-符腾堡州所有的县均为TBE风险地区。 citation 在瑞典，
Another system used to replace diacritics is the x-system (x-sistemo in Esperanto).
Cocijo'nun ibadeti erken sömürge dönemlerine kadar devam etti.
Fish stock, however, is cooked for only twenty minutes or so.
An example of some Screamo bands include Saetia, Orchid, Circle Takes the Square, Envy, pageninetynine, and Thursday.
Kupang is the capital and largest city.
車站建築構造為地下1層、地上2層。
根据与赞助商祥龙控股的合同，球队冠以“四五”之名。
All three of them were major characters on the original series.
Vancouver has a mix of people from different cultures.
'nda PKK'lılar ve güvenlik güçleri arasında çatışma çıktı.
If an item is in orbit, it is "revolving", while the spin of a planet is called "rotating".
Sometimes the inflorescence is so tight it looks like one single flower.
Williamson ran and lost in the election for the seat of California's 33rd congressional district in 2014.
When the Eure-et-Loir department was created on 1800, the arrondissement of Dreux was part of that original department.
Freud helped him to understand not only his marriage problems but also his creative nature.
前427年拉凯斯组织了雅典的第一次西西里远征，但它对战争的结果没有任何影响。
It has increased the amount of rolling stock it has.
In 2012, 818 people lived there.
，布理的情況變差，但奶油伯的啤酒卻好得出奇。
Al Muftah and his twin brother, Ahmad Al Muftah, were born to Eman Ahmad and Mohammed Al Muftah.
Instead of the dull golden glow of thousands of bananas, there were only a few discarded peels.
As it moved inland, the system weakened into a tropical depression by afternoon.
In 2016, 65% of the tourists (coming to the city) where foreigners.
This paper was known as "Cosmological Considerations of the General Theory of Relativity" citation which made physicists start to change the assumption that the Universe never changed.
She thought Stravinsky's music incomprehensible and declined.
Plaque outside Lasseter's Cave recounting the tale of Lasseter's death.
It is at 50° 24 North, 06° 06 East.
From humble beginnings, Carte built two of London's theatres and a hotel empire.
After his return to Chernivtsi in 1921, Shlomo Wininger wrote about 13,000 biographies and published them in seven volumes between 1925 and 1936.
Our base is too narrow and so, occasionally, are our sympathies.
Timis) from or to which the Hun tribe Sadagariem took or gave their name.
When three periods are used together (.
These games are usually open world games.
It is in the northeast of the municipality the Iller flows through Blaichach.
Benjamin William Mkapa (d. 12 Kasım 1938 - ö. 24 Temmuz 2020), Tanzanyalı gazeteci, diplomat ve siyasetçi.
Some mathematicians announced that they had proven the proposition from the simpler propositions, but they all turned out to be mistaken.
本作的冒險舞台是過去的神奧地區，
The memorial honors the 12 years of the history of the United States through four outdoor rooms, one for each of FDR's terms of office.
It is known as the vegetable city of Tamil Nadu.
有能讀取別人心事的「讀心術愛麗絲」，常故作天真的讀取他人心事並說出來。
Gutun altta yatan nedeni hiperürisemidir.
Magadan is currently only connected with the rest of Russia by a road called the Kolyma Highway.
For years many people were living in tents, wherever they could find room.
The number of times a video has been watched, known as "views", are shown.
He was the father of actress Angélica Aragón.
，2008年2月3日》 使氣溫稍為回升，估計年初二天色明朗，煙花匯演將可如期舉行。
It is a tribute to Jacques Boucher de Crèvecœur de Perthes who also has a French public secondary school named after him.
Piezoelektrik kristallerin bir özel örneği de Bell Telefon Laboratuvar’larında geliştirilmiştir.
The current president of the university is Sr. Margaret Carney, OSF STD.
An antibody will stick to its antigen but not to a different antibody's antigen.
The next morning, in what was called the Second Battle of Auburn, Stuart's cavalry fought its way out of the area.
農場的養殖區大都分布石礫河床地，委營養殖業以適應性較大與耐熱性較高的養鴨、鵝、魚…等為大宗，面積約57公頃。
One is where you fight Marx and another is when Kirby is in a giant cavern and you obtain treasures.
Designed by Edmund Beckett Denison, the clock took 13 years to build and it was completed in 1859. citation It has worked continuously since then except for a few months in 1976 when it broke down and had to be fixed.
Dhruv tells his family that he wishes to marry Thapki.
While she was a Honjo Daiichi High School student, she left the league.
The find has helped to improve the relationship between people using metal detectors and archaeologists.
，張安樂派遣手下黑衣人至機場保護郭冠英，並攻擊現場記者及民眾，以多次換車的方式協助郭冠英脫身。
It measured 130 feet by 36 feet while the well was 30 feet in diameter, it contained 74 steps and was built in three stage.
Cope then asked his father if he could learn German and French so he could read science books and novels in German and French.
飓风围绕墨西哥北部上空一片中到上层高压脊的西南边缘向西北偏西方向移动，其带状特征还在这一过程中继续增加 citation 。
He took office in September of the same year.
The man who decides the amount of the mixing parts is called the murage.
另一位創黨者漢斯·格雷特斯擔任住宅與空間計畫部大臣。
The journalist Paul C. Jezek said, Ebner's writing style is characterized by very carefully chosen wording.
是所謂的「好好老師」類型的年輕教師。
However, the weapon had a high price.
Babası, Selanikli bir tüccar olan Receb Naim Bey, https://core.
It was founded in 1218.
Larger objects have small surface area compared to the volume so they have a small surface area to volume ratio.
Nicholas D'Agosto (born April 17, 1980) is an American actor.
Journal of Geophysical Research.
According to Proclus, Prometheus had received the jar of ills from the satyrs and deposited it with Epimetheus, urging him not to accept Pandora.
在墨西哥灣沿岸附近發現的油氣田以及方便的航運路線对墨西哥灣沿岸地區能够发展成為美國石化業的重鎮起到了非常重要的作用。
Cyanide Spill of 2000: An hour before midnight on January 30, 2000, a dam holding back water in a settling area for the Baia Mare gold mine burst, spilling its contents into the Somes river, and subsequently into the Tisza river.
Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
Used mainly to emphasize the cheekbones, sometimes to redden the cheeks.
貝恩·血蹄（Baine Bloodhoof）
所以扣除地主改良所增值的部分，應該完全歸還給全社會 citation 。
For both roles he was nominated for the Guldbagge Awards as Best Supporting Actor and as Best Leading Actor.
Ana tells Elena to stop interfering.
İlk kısım (1880–1) kapı kulesi ve güneydeki Cook's Building arasındaki odalardan oluşuyordu.
Clifford the Big Red Dog is a PBS Kids TV series.
In this context, certain structures that already exist will also be destroyed.
Stepping on the left pedal only halfway puts the car in neutral, the same as the lever.
普雷斯科特所處的海拔為高於海平面256米（即840英呎），
There are a number of laws which regulate the conditions under which children are allowed to work.
He eventually became a teacher at a French art college.
Kangaroos can be dangerous because of their powerful legs.
Aristotle had been mostly forgotten in the West since the 6th century.
There are many other small branches of chemistry.
It was the tenth Unforgiven event held by the WWE.
Chellah was a significant ancient port city with remains including the Decumanus Maximus, or principal roadway, as well as a forum, a monumental fountain, a triumphal arch, and other Roman ruins.
William did homage to Louis VI in the middle of 1120.
這年太空人闖進世界大賽，不過布萊格曼在前三場的打擊率僅1成29，最後太空人3勝4敗輸給國民。
Davies held several posts, including Artistic Director of the Dartington Summer School from 1979 to 1984.
Prior to 1931 much of the region belonged to what is now Niger, as part of the French West Africa colony.
;中共武汉市第六届委员会（1982年11月－1987年12月）
Salamanders and newts: finding breeding ponds.
The interfaces for TV tuner cards are most commonly either PCI bus expansion card or the newer PCI Express (PCIe) bus for many modern cards, but PCMCIA, ExpressCard, or USB devices also exist.
The eyes of a butterfly are large.
One of the brightest film stars to grace the screen was born Emilie Claudette Chauchoin on September 13, 1903, in Saint Mandé, France where her father owned a bakery at 57, rue de la République (now Avenue Général de Gaulle).
Snyte fires Roark, but it is too late because Heller has accepted the deal.
For example, the voltage from the wall socket changes polarity 60 times per second (in America) or 50 times per second (UK and Europe).
Age estimates for the buckwheat family Polygonaceae based on sequence data calibrated by fossils and with a focus on the amphi-Pacific Muehlenbeckia.
The first Mitsubishis in the U.S. were sold by Chrysler as Dodge Colts, Plymouth Sapporos, and Dodge Stealths.
If localized to the liver and small at the time of diagnosis, it can be surgically treated.
神奈川縣选举区代表神奈川縣的所有选民。
Any device that can display text on a screen may act as an e-reader, but specialized e-reader devices may optimize portability, readability (especially in sunlight), and battery life for this purpose.
Turbochargers were first used in production aircraft engines in the 1930s.
：1985年12月動工興建的落馬洲過境通道竣工。
Tutuklu olduğu klinikte televizyonda izlediği bilimsel bir programda bir isim dikkatini çeker.
White Plains is around 30 to 45 minutes north of Manhattan, depending on what type of train taken.
The Jews fought against the Romans but the Romans defeated them.
The marshes also had many different animals in them such as the Eel, which the city is named after.
However, there have been other battles that lasted for more than one day where more Americans fell.
In 1926 a stadium was built which offered 40 000 places.
Librarians may work in different areas.
By late afternoon the fire was near Yarram and Woodside, Victoria on the south Gippsland coast.
》對於淨飯王的記載是：世尊的父親名淨飯王，生母名叫摩耶皇后，王都名迦毘羅衛城。
During the last game of the season, in the 13th inning, he had a hit to tie the game, and then won the game with a home run in the 14th.
Napoleon demanded, from a highly superior position, peace terms in what was to be called the Peace of Tilsit (1807).
It were introduced in 1995, and replaced by the Suzuki Liana in 2001.
M3 ile M2A4 arasında ara kasnak hariç pek de bir farklılık yoktu.
Maple Ridge is a District Municipality (area with several settlements).
在北京IEM上，天禄0:2不敌vitality和evil geniuses出局。
From the beginning of the war, to General Nogi Maresuke's troops attack Port Arthur, and the combined fleet led by Admiral Togo Heihachiro at the Battle of Tsushima to defeats the Baltic Fleet led by Vice Admiral Zinovy Rozhestvensky.
He has used white and greenish-grey against a dark red-brown background.
Almost 17% of Poland's population died or was killed in The Holocaust.
Another Republican was appointed to replace him.
Şehir merkezinin 2 km kuzeydoğusunda Nazi polislerinin eğitildiği bina ise bugün mülteci sığınma evi olarak hizmet vermektedir.
The original FC Steaua București team was part of the namesake CSA Steaua București sports club and belonged to the Ministry of National Defence.
Central and peripheral refer to the distance towards and away from the centre of something.
If player A or C wins, he wins both the main pot and the side pot ($17,000) and Player B is out of the game since he is out of money.
As of 2016, 2,504 people lived there.
Efimov將這個化石進行敘述、命名，
果實為聚生果，果皮表面呈圓形、心臟形、橢圓形或圓錐形，未熟果表為深綠色，成熟果實呈現淺綠色或綠黃色，
Styrene can also bond with other kinds of monomers to make other kinds of polymers called copolymers.
In 1974, in response to a growing conflict with Greece, the Turkish army invaded and occupied Cyprus.
He was then adviser to defence minister Joe Modise in 1955.
，谁知不周山是天柱，天柱给撞断了，天也塌下来，给世界万物带来灾难，
In the various cartoons by Fleischer Studios, he would usually have to rescue his girlfriend Olive Oyl from Bluto, his rival and sometimes friend or go on a daring adventure with Olive and his good friend J. Wellington Wimpy.
曾奉師尊命令進入中原向寇仲、徐子陵借閱長生訣，並和師妹淳于薇、北塞十八骠骑追擊殺害師兄的跋鋒寒。
塔台則因為機場沒有配備地面監視雷達，當時亦不能看到航機，因此並不知道航機進入錯誤跑道。
In 2001, the Irish state opened a guest residence nearby in Farmleigh, a former Guinness mansion.
Without Reservations is a 1946 American comedy movie directed by Mervyn LeRoy and was based on the novel Thanks, God!
The following day, Arthur kills Penny at the hospital.
A sequel called Revenge of the Titans was in production but later scrapped.
King has been married to Mary Harman since 1984.
Díaz was a second generation wrestler, son of luchador Ray Mendoza and the father of professional wrestlers Villano III Jr. and El Hijo de Villano III himself.
There were two other expeditions to the area: one in 1958, the other in 1963.
It is about convert.
It is regarded as shameful if the girl be not found a virgin on her wedding day.
The second type is peptide hormones.
The tower is older and dates to 993.
The Roman road is, quite simply, the shortest route possible.
The name of the village is derived from the Chuvash words "lang" (the name of the river flowing through the village) and "lang" ("beginning").
；分思结部置怀化县，侨治秀容县，隶顺州；后皆省。
Aynı zamanda kapıları iç panelleri yenilendi – kapı kolları, merkezi kilit ve elektrikli cam kontrolleri.
Brooke Candy was in the music video.
It killed 28 people, making it the deadliest Canadian tornado.
Some of these are made by the company that made the device, but not all are that way.
İş, "insan doğası"nın gerçekleşmesi yerine sadece daha fazla zenginlik yaratmak içindir.
In 2015, Mazda and Toyota agreed to work together.
You don't have money to fund the war or children.
The alphabet is called Khutsuri, first said around in the 11th century.
The cathedral of Agios Andreas is the third biggest churches in Greece.
Şehrin ilk dokuma fabrikaları su ile işleyen değirmenlerde iplik bükümü yapımı içindi ve Brun Nehri ile Calder Nehri'nin birleşme mevkilerinde nehir kenarlarında kurulmuştu.
到1940年冬天，东北抗日联军只剩下不到1000人。
Verification of analysis results requires additional work.
As of 2016, 8,671 people lived there.
Fransız Parlamontosu'nda ilk kez her sorunda sosyalist öğretinin de sesi duyulucaktı.
Marsupials originally in Eurasia had long before been out-competed and gone extinct.
作品長於鋪敘，曲盡形容，善於白描，意境秀麗，情景交融。
Viva voce was the questioning of the candidate about her thesis.
加入該組織的成員須先獲得所屬教區主教或地方教會當局的同意，現任主席是方濟各·巴蒙特（Francesco Bamonte）。
This leaves 8 teams.
Tyler spends the night with Ally.
Furthermore, Haeckel used this "evidence" to conclude that white people were evolutionary superior to people of other races.
Hu Ping (1 July 1930 4 August 2020) was a Chinese politician.
Ancak sadece 3 tanesinin adı bilinmektedir.
He is a devoted Goan Catholic and visits the church every sunday with his wife Matilda.
The song was able to cross over into many genres on radio, such as pop, urban, and rhythmic.
The writer of the series is Gülse Birsel also plays the role as Aslı.
The station is located by the north quay (
Studying the cyphertext to discover the secret is called "
Hong established the Taiping Heavenly Kingdom (太平天囯). note that the uncommon variant character 囯 is used.
Below is a crude animated line-drawing showing sidewinding in action.
Single volume edition: New York Zoological Society, 1936.
，因大腿再次受傷便要退下火線，此次提早換人打亂了意大利的部署。
，合同将在2016年到期 citation 。
Eşkıya onu alma sözü vererek Keje’nin yanından ayrılır.
期間，武汉经济技术开发区管委会主任罗长刚宣佈比賽開幕，
由於前一橋段被刪，此一橋段也連帶被刪除 。
So, the person solving the system of equations is looking for the values of each variable that will make all of the equations true at the same time.
Luna 21 space mission is launched.
They fail because, since Bloom is really from Domino, there is one last fairy on Earth.
This caused most of the colonists to leave by 1880.
She asked for and received the same pay for teaching as male teachers, which was uncommon at the time.
元世祖至元十四年（1277），改永州零陵郡为永州路，县属永州路。
由于其能量输出较低，因此它产生的温度低于钚 238 ，导致发电机效率较低。
It was opened and Anne's remains were looked at by scientists.
He is above all the god of fertility, bringing and fruitfulness to the crops, herds, and the folk.
' movie Philadelphia.
He then advanced ahead of his comrades about 10 yards, drawing fire and spotting camouflaged machine gun nests.
This is due to the small size of the airway in children.
Bern did not take away its city rights.
With this setup, he discovered that only a slight change of the values he used for the model could lead to totally different results.
，於8月19日的 M! Countdown作回歸舞台。
They come to the Golgi after being built, and before they go to their destination.
因為受到咒語書的規定制約，只能保持絕對中立，效忠任何咒語書的持有者，因此也不常參與戰鬥。
He records for the record labels New Focus, Somm, and Avie.
It is made up of 440 members, of which 330 are directly elected through the first-past-the-post system in each townships and 110 are appointed by the Myanmar Armed Forces.
Blas worked for the Mobil Petroleum Company of Guam from 1965 until 1969.
It was did badly at first in the UK charts.
In 1971, the neutral zone between Saudi Arabia and Kuwait was partitioned between these two countries.
Michalchewski wasn't trained and lost by split decision.
Some green spaces are Norsey Wood, Mill Meadows Nature Reserve, Queen's Park Country Park, Sun Corner, Lake Meadows and South Green.
R. E. Latham (London; New York: Penguin, 1990), p. 185 Peada was murdered five months later - probably upon the orders of his wife Alflaed.
An incorrect parity will be used to reconstruct the missing block in that stripe.
The new municipality has an area of convert and more than 32,000 people.
On October 27, Sandy became a tropical storm for a few hours.
Connor angrily leaves with the letter.
The divine functions of Nemesis (~fate) included the punishment of hubris (pride).
绝大部分外国人乘坐沪港高速动车组暂不适用于任何的过境免签政策，必须要提前办理中国内地签证。
'nda ise mücadele etti ama gruptan çıkmayı başaramadılar.
Oliver & Company was released on November 18, 1988.
They also open their mouths to help them cool down; the warm air and heat escapes through their mouths.
The block is also called the bird, the fetish, the saddle, or the totem.
Entrance to the gallery tomb beneath the Unas passway.
By the morning of July 13, the thunderstorms moved closer to the center of circulation, as upper-level outflow expanded in all directions.
Barbara Ethel McAulay Donnet (1929 – November 2020) was an Australian diver.
Eochaid was born around c. 860 as son of Run Macarthagail, king of Strathclyde and NN Ingen Cináed.
Body and soul of man is at ease, both, who looks at it as well as who lives beneath it.
That was the so-called "Gracie's Challenge".
EL/M-2075因為不使用碟型天線而可以掃描大範圍，因此在機身機機器的可靠度上有所提升的，操作成本也可以降低。 citation 特別是掃描速度相當快，通常的碟型天線如果要20-40秒的掃描，本機只要2-4秒就可以完成 citation 。
It weighs convert.
At night, various entertainments are provided.
此外，她还是19本著作的编者。
，发起以“友谊、合作、发展”为主题的“世界名山大会”，共有10个国家的12座名山机构代表与会。
It also studies how people affect language usage.
The government of the city needs to be careful to let the people practice their religion but also needs to take care of the building.
His interest on research was the myxoma virus.
It rotates juried pieces every year.
After that, do what is shown above.
欧元（Euro；符號： € ；
Europe in about 325 BC.
兩個扳手，兩個公稱尺寸 5 ⁄ 8 ，其中疊加了一個圖，顯示了當它們的實際尺寸明顯不同時，兩者都能被標記為相同的邏輯（跨平面距離與螺釘直徑）。
The population was 439 at the 2000 census.
Initially, self-talk is very much a tool of social interaction and this tapers to negligible levels when the child is alone.
Mutiny is a when a group of people get together to openly oppose, change, or remove the people or person in authority.
In the 2007 season, Luongo was in Vancouver.
Yes, we worry about what the opening box office is going to be.
She spent a number of short periods in jail.
This gun was designed to be moved by horses; and it continued to be used until 1945.
It is also very sensitive to temperature.
He is nicknamed the Crazy Monkey.
Buradan beyin sapına oliver çekirdek ile inferior serebellar pedinküllerin arasından girerler.
It is used as a protective sign.
He reintroduced the practice of Jaziya (which is 2.5 percent of an individual's annual savings) and banned the old Hindu practice of suttee.
The Croix de guerre was also often awarded to foreign military forces allied to France and Belgium.
The goal is to talk about global topics and problems in a relaxed manner.
It is widely known for the "little black dress" and Chanel No. 5 perfume.
During the history of ancient China, the northern nomadic people and the Chinese people had been fighting each other and taking turns to rule the land and the people of China.
在市鎮中，年付十鎊以上租金的租戶，所有擁有自資物業者，在郡鄉中年付十二鎊地租的所有農戶和土地年產值五鎊以上的土地擁有者皆享投票權。
He offered the hand of his oldest daughter, Melisende, to Fulk le June along with the crown of the Latin Kingdom of Jerusalem.
Page 86,《Rance the Complete: Chronicle》, MediaWoks, 2004 November, ISBN 4-840-22859-0 ，知道蘭斯是殺父仇人，但認為戰死沙場是軍人的光榮，所以並不恨蘭斯。
Araştırmacılar ihmalin mekansal dikkat veya mekansal temsil bozukluğu olup olmadığını tartıştılar.
's lightning bolt has been stolen, Percy embarks on his first and eventually successful quest along with Grover and Annabeth to retrieve it.
It uses a freeform radio program format.
Vowels must be written down as well, but they are secondary.
Dirhael bunu kızı ile Arathorn arasında yaş farkının büyüklüğünden dolayı istemez.
These are known as "Independent Leagues".
Turgo and Crossflow turbines were later impulse designs.
当恩克鲁玛仍被殖民当局关押在监狱里时，贝德马已经为他组织好了所有的竞选活动。
Ancak Uzunlu barajının devreye girmesi ile bu özden pek faydalanamamaktadır.
Fakat kendi eşleri, yani meşru olarak sahip oldukları müstesna; zaten onlar (meşru eşleriyle paylaştıkları cinsellikten dolayı) kınanmazlar.
Grup içinde, konuşmayı severler, kendilerini öne çıkarırlar ve ilgi çekerler.
Pippin reigned as an elected king.
These submarines were dangerous to enemies.
In July, he returned to Shimizu S-Pulse.
;星辰（Star，全名Star That Shines on Water）
Lawrence is a twin city with Eutin.
Birinci yolculuğu esnasında (M.S. 47/48) bu cemaatler kuruldular ve ikinci yolculuğun başlangıcında (M.S. 49/50) Pavlus onları bir daha ziyaret etti.
新疆、青海和宁夏也有东乡语使用者分布，其中新疆特别是伊犁一带仍有较大的东乡语社区，
He was re-elected for a full term on November 6, 2012 and on November 4, 2014 by 60% of the vote.
She is best in the 800 meter runs.
A newer method called flash pasteurization involves shorter exposure to higher temperatures, and is claimed to be better for preserving color and taste in some products.
A study that could lead to the imposition of tolls on I-95 in North Carolina is under way as of March 2010.
This is a tracking category for CS1 citations with unrecognized parameter names.
'da SF Compact Rounded adlı yeni bir varyant bulunmaktadır.
Browning joined the cast of Meet the Browns during the second season.
在爱德华一世统治期间，伯内尔还帮助国王改革立法和法律。
第15屆（2017年、投稿數：42篇） - 收錄於『華麗的拋物線：第十五屆台灣推理作家協會徵文獎合輯』
Hebrew calendar months are supposed to be lunar months.
Kinorhynchans are segmented, limbless animals.
Gregg was head coach of three NFL teams (
She died on August 1, 2009 at the age of 76 of colorectal cancer.
Fakat binalarda çok da etkili değildirler.
His next group was NYCboys with Chinen Yuri and Yamada Ryosuke from the band Hey!
He came off the bench as a reserve in Geelong's 1951 premiership side.
Her best known roles were as Yao Niang in How Much Sorrow Do You Have (2005) and as Pipa Lady in The Rise of the Tang Empire (2006).
The Buddha refers to the awakened one, the Dharma to the Buddha's teachings, and the Sangha to the people who follow the Buddha and his teachings.
Ian tried to make Katie happy, but she still held bad feelings towards him.
」——通常表演者多于科学家——经常把「动物在空气泵中的实验」作为他们公众表演的压轴戏。
He studied at Deerfield Academy.
在當知項欠於2008年3月被捕後，他被關押在贡山酒店好幾天 citation 。
This game (called Super Mario Collection in Japan) was released in 1993 also for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System.
He added that, "it gives poor but deserving public high school graduates of the community the means to acquire higher education."
If the "units" called monomers in a polymer are all the same, then the polymer is called a "homopolymer".
From his base in Port Royal, Jamaica, he raided settlements and shipping on the Spanish Main, becoming wealthy as he did so.
The rest surrendered to Ashina Buzhen.
Marion tries to comfort him by saying that she will buy him a drink.
At the 2010 census, 593 people lived in Byron.
Trojans think the wooden horse is a gift to the Gods.
；但是若把中國、港澳及世界各地區与國家（
Lady Gaga: "Gerçekten benden daha tutkulu ve büyük bir Madonna fanı yok.
Since its body was similar to ornithomimids, it was originally thought to be the earliest ornithomimid.
理论上，对于每个获得性生长迟缓，并显示追赶性生长的儿童，
He was the first person with a disability to be elected to that office.
後來朝鮮學者及使臣通過對清朝一段時期的觀察，認識到清朝與他們所想像的「夷狄」統治下的國家完全不同，清朝的經濟繁榮給他們留下了深刻的印象，讓他們重新審視起朝鮮國內對待中國的一些負面印象，在客觀上肯定了滿族統治者對中國的統治 徐東日《朝鮮朝使臣眼中的中國形象》，中華書局，2010年 。
浪漫劇情電影，於1992年上映。
However, the most common words are more often those of Germanic origin.
She has also written short stories.
Dünyada bölgeselleşmeler meydana gelmiş ve makineleşmeler artarak işsizlik gibi sorunlar çıkmıştır.
It stars Peng Phan, Mom Soth, Chhim Naline, Sophy Sodany.
P. boisei and P. aethiopicus, on the other hand, continued to evolve along a separate path distinct and unrelated to early humans.
CCTV sisteminin en büyük özelliği görüntülerin zamana doğru orantılı olarak kaydedilmesidir.
它曾是天文學辯論了數百年的議題，但是因為太困難了，在19世紀初期才取得了最接近幾顆恆星的值。
His paintings often sell for many thousands of dollars.
"On the Symbolism of Three- and Four-Faced Vishnu Images: A Reconsideration of Evidence."
Basic characteristics of arachnids include four pairs of legs (1) and a body divided into two segments: the cephalothorax (2) and the abdomen (3).
煤炭消费量增长0.4%，原油消费量增长5.2%，天然气消费量增长14.8%，电力消费量增长6.6%。
Titles were written by Joseph Farnham.
Enke started to play football at BSG Jenapharm Jena, a local club in his city.
Nevertheless, she has broken the gender barrier in chess: she has proved that a woman can reach the top ten.
父親王東海（東海老人）時年四十六歲，思任為其六子。
她以前也有参与过歌曲创作，但数量少，或是拿不出手。
Even when there are elections, as there are for the Russian presidency, opposition candidates are at such a disadvantage that they are rarely, if ever, successful.
In July 2013 TLC signed a new record contract.
He ranked as one of the fastest humans of all time.
İbrahim Edhem Paşa'nın sadrazamlık dönemi görevi on bir ay dört gün süreyle sürdürmüştür.
The main aim of the party is to abolish the differences among Tamil people and to lift up the economically weaker sections of society.
Military historians record military history.
Erections happen several times during the night.
Exactly how this works is still a matter of debate.
And I'll rule the whole world, just you watch me."
None of the Norman domestic buildings now remain.
Disraeli invented the idea of "One Nation" conservatism, designed to appeal to all ranks in society.
Walter Edward Williams (March 31, 1936 – December 1, 2020) was an American economist, commentator, and academic.
：「有隊伍揮舞臺灣旗幟，我們立即寄信給阿根廷代表團，要求他們不要帶有政治意涵的物品。
It has a bachelor's and master's degrees, certificate programs.
He loves fat women und he had separated from her, because Desiree is fatter than Bubbles.
The work tells the story of the samurai who were part of the Hōgen Rebellion.
，时至今日仍被称作“川西第一丛林”。
但我觉得他们如果生活在现代的话，肯定也是超一流棋手。
Since Bahá'u'lláh was born in a Muslim family, Bahá'ís are sometimes mistaken as Muslims.
He strangled and killed his brother and kept the One Ring to himself.
These are, according to him, the emphasis on teaching skills, such as critical thinking skills, rather than knowledge, individualism rather than communal learning, and developmentalism, that is, teaching children what is "appropriate" for their age.
，要求政府封站並加強口岸檢疫。
This season is the only season so far which has had two of its players returning in two other seasons.
Data rates vary.
Their goal was to capture the small towns of Barga, Sommocolonia, Vergemoli, Treppignana, Coreglia, Fornaci di Barga, Promiana, Castelvecchio and Calomini.
Camilo de Almeida Pessanha was born in Coimbra on 7 September 1867.
The purpose of the epistle, and to whom it was written, are matters of much speculation.
The mayor has been Josef Wölfle (CSU) since 1 May 2014.
The Whitewater controversy, Whitewater scandal, or simply Whitewater, was an American political controversy during the 1990s.
These supported audio and video formats would be dependent on the codecs contained inside them.
，造成不像台灣當地人形象的情況，有從大家收集的生活照裡來設計人物 。
It's all the same old people that rule the world."
The convicts did not want to be farm workers.
Anne is accused of treason and adultery and executed to make way for Jane to become his third wife.
He died one month later, on November 4, 2011, at age 92.
在著作權的保護期間內，即使未獲作者同意，只要符合「
Many places have a public library, where anybody can join if they live in the area.
It is a popular destination for tourists in Iceland.
许蕾姆苏丹不仅在帝国后宫有很大的影响力，还积极参与苏莱曼大帝的政治生活。
、澤及萬民，因此香火日漸鼎盛，其廟體已不敷使用，於是眾信徒在得到黃府千歲同意後買下隔壁的民宅作為廟地，並開始進行重建之工程；新廟即為現況，
Singaporeans and non-governmental buildings may display or fly the national flag to identify with the nation.
During the summer, the Axis quickly captured Ukraine and the Baltic regions, which caused huge damage to the Soviets.
Activated oncogenes can cause those cells designated for apoptosis to survive and proliferate instead.
One of these numbers must be the smallest: let's call it n. Of course, this number n cannot be 1. Further, it cannot be a prime number, because a prime number is a 'product' of a single prime: itself.
They have separate male and female individuals.
This event marked the end of Muslim rule in Iberia.
此黃埔時期陸軍官校自1924年興辦到1927年共招訓學生5期，也即第1期至第5期 citation 。
It is about two rival news papers.
War service gave him a lot of material for later use.
Tracks here are third rail DC electrified.
It is a little like the way humans cannot just take off their noses and throw them away, but they can put plugs in their nostrils and spoil their ability to smell things.
On the card, information such as the date of birth or the name of the employee could be found.
他試圖用計算性的語言數論來證明結構模式。
The city was known then as the "Paris of the west".
Many of the actors and crew from Frankenstein returned for Bride.
He conducted the RAF band and played the piano for the dance band.
根据中央文献出版社1997年1月出版的《建国以来毛泽东文稿》第十二册“对中央关于刘澜涛出狱问题的复电稿和张闻天有关证明材料的批语”的注释3的原文：
Gürcistan 2009 Dünya şampiyonası ile kadınlarda kazandığı 2 sporcu gönderme hakkını kullanmayacağını açıklayınca İsrail olimpiyata katılma şansını elde etti.
Defendants who cause unnecessary delays also lose their rights to a speedy trial claim.
，希望雙方能夠擁有對等的關係。
Fewer people are manual workers and more people are employed in better paid middle-class jobs.
此外，屋内还装饰有木质护墙板、楼梯、地板、门窗等设备。
，組建於1916年8月18日。
It is organised by the Le Dauphiné Libéré newspaper.
İlçenin nüfusu 2010 yılı itibarıyla 78,532'dir.
This wave of migration is considered to be the second wave of Muslim migration to Taiwan in the 1950s.
There are 5 towns and 87 rural communities.
Phosphorus(V) oxide is a colorless solid.
The loser (by majority rule) of a pairing is eliminated, and the winner of a pairing is paired in a later round against another alternative.
現在我們唯一的辦法就是自救，鮑仁要找的就是這個瓶子，還有一幅畫像，是我的畫像，有了這瓶子和畫像，他就可以回到他原來的地方。
Even the earliest AR-15 and M16 internal piston systems were chromed plated and the rifles performed well if properly lubricated and cleaned.
Thus, the loss of the rainforests would hurt other people besides those that must live there.
Its colour is the blue and white.
Other tablets have been found at Mycenae itself, Tiryns and Thebes and at Chania in Western Crete.
本舰排水量2448吨，convert，convert，没有搭载舰载机。
N Seoul tower is 236.7m high.
They formed independently and each had their own government.
From the 1990s, alternative rock began to be the most popular type of rock music.
The Chapel of Saint Nicholas and the four remaining arches were listed as a Monument historique in 1840.
Light that is turned a different way will be blocked by the filter.
His great-great-great-grandfather James Carey was an 18th- and 19th-century Baltimore shipper, chairman of the Bank of Maryland, a member of Baltimore's first City Council and a relative of Johns Hopkins.
Who wrote "Shakespeare"?
曹吉祥平日就与石亨狼狈为奸，时间长了，英宗觉得曹吉祥奸佞，有点怀疑他。
With many negotiations, the Khamas, Ruth and Seretse were able to return and eventually became the first president and first lady of Botswana.
The bank was also involved in the controversial forced sale of Yukos assets.
These changes would have a lasting impact on the Empire.
This technique is called "
Iodine pentafluoride is a pale yellow liquid.
Harry Bring (1943- February 16, 2021) was a television producer whose notable credits include “Criminal Minds,” “Army Wives” and “The X-Files”.
They order a large vodka tonic and a pint of cider.
All had more than 30 years employment with Trans World Airlines.
Also, the tribes were not happy that the federal government did not do what it told them it would do.
，而不是在任期將結束人數又不足狀況下，以草率方式為通過而通過此購併案。
Bunun yerine, kendilerine ölçünlü ödeme yapılıyor ve devletçe belirlenmiş bir süreliğine işe alınıyorlardı.
Some detractors have said that the church's main purpose is to advance Moon's political aspirations, such as the formation of a one world government.
Stringer, Jr)倡導以「整體」、「主觀」的環境觀念，
She is one of the main characters and is in both shows.
Between 26 August and 5 September, the U.S. lost about 15 aircraft while the Japanese lost approximately 19 aircraft.
İki yüzü de tüysüz olan yaprakların kenarlarında uzun kılsı tüyler bulunur.
People who died in the 1490s BC, from the year 1499 BC to the year 1490 BC.
They are a protected species, but sometimes get shot.
This bipolar structure shows many interesting features seen in planetary nebulae such as ionization walls, knots and sharp edges to the lobes.
The town of Antwerp contains a village also called Antwerp.
'nde 23 Haziran 2016 tarihinden bu yana başbakanlık görevinde bulunmaktadır.
But many of Minke's classmates hate him because he is native.
Even though wine use is increasing, the national alcoholic drink is beer.
's prototype kinetoscope (shown at Edison's Laboratory for a convention of the National Federation of Women's Clubs).
Ties are usually made from either wood or concrete.
File:National security, ISR among topics discussed during congressional visit 170804-F-IW100-002 (cropped) (cropped).
She is the sister of ex-Mouseketeer Darlene Gillespie.
She received a medal from the king of Denmark after discovering the comet.
The Party was founded due to conservatives not liking the Republican Party in New York.
In the West today, it is more common for a couple to decide between themselves and then announce their decision to their parents.
He won a bronze medal in the 2000 and 2012 Games.
This makes it impossible for any blood to get through to the lungs.
Lithium is a soft silvery metal that is very reactive.
Seal acts as Leni's father citation and has adopted her.
Adler also "transferred" this idea of compensation to psychic training.
A wrestler may be expected to portray many gimmicks during their career, most of which may be implausible or inconsistent.
QtGui两个子模块时，压缩后至少需要4.
He was once married to German soprano Liselotte Ebnet.
The group winners and runners-up advance to the round of 16, while the third-placed teams enter the 2020–21 UEFA Europa League round of 32. The matchdays are 20–21 October, 27–28 October, 3–4 November, 24–25 November, 1–2 December and 8–9 December 2020.
Filipino rock continues to flourish at present with newer bands such as Hale, Cueshé, Sponge Cola, Chicosci, Kamikazee and Urbandub, and the emergence of the country's first virtual band, Mistula.
One of the musicians from Memphis was Howlin' Wolf, who did many hits for Chess.
People with speech impairments have problems making certain sounds, forming words, or combining these words into sentences.
She moved to Florida when she was five years old.
本科魚體呈圓柱狀，尾部側扁，體表無鱗片，無胸鰭且臀鰭、背鰭與尾鰭相連合，皮粗厚能分泌粘液，頭長，口大且牙齒銳利。
Albers is best remembered for his work as an abstract painter and theorist.
其中2015開始各型號又可再細分為High Performance spec和Traditional spec（常寫作Standard HP、Standard T），前者改使用紋路較佳的楓木貼面，琴頸和琴身的接合處有挖除部分木料以利高把位彈奏，配備自動調音裝置，鈦合金上弦枕等等。
The song is a single in the soundtrack of the crime drama film The Young Americans.
Newborn raccoons are called "kits".
The River Severn upstream of the M48 Severn Bridge.
More commonly, however, it is the person from whom an estate is obtained based on law and blood.
The tiger is the largest Panthera species, and the largest of all cats.
Then, it uses its other mouthparts to scrape any food matter (
英屬基地區雖然在名義上是英國的海外屬地，
It has an area of convert; the seventh largest department of France.
Her best known acting role is Patsy Stone in the BBC sitcom Absolutely Fabulous.
'nin etkinliğinin yüksekliği oluşturulan direniş komitelerinde de ağırlığı olmasına sebep olmuştur.
These settlers helped shape Bangladeshi migration to Britain; families from Jagannathpur and Bishwanath tend to dominate in the Brick Lane area today.
Charlie talks for the first time about Mary Elisabeth.
由杜勳頓所帶領的海盜集團，在海中取得有「蒼海的王子」之稱的瑪納霏的蛋，企圖用以不法之事。
An immature drake is typically all dark with a white breast and a yellow bill patch.
Kollam Junction Railway Station, one of the biggest junction and busiest railway stations in Kerala is 9 km away from Anchalumoodu.
Kariyerini destekleyen ve maddi olarak da yardım eden babası 2 mart 1913'te öldüğünde Camille'in bundan haberi olmadı.
It was thought that they would find Hornets too powerful.
He was responsible for leading Panamericana Televisión during the 1990s.
A bone marrow biopsy looks at the blood-making parts to see if they have cancer.
圣神教堂（Heilig-Geist-Kirche）是一座天主教本堂区圣堂，
Her first movie was in the Tamil superhero movie Mugamoodi (2012).
Iodine can be used to make illegal drugs so it is restricted in some areas.
，屬於維也納林山的一部分，海拔高度259米，南坡處於利辛境內。
In 35 AD King Pharasmanes of Iberia and his brother Mithridates, with the support of Rome, confronted the Parthians in Armenia: the Albanians proved effective allies, contributing to the defeat and temporary eviction of the Parthians.
其中一種說法指出，召西奴是沸流族延陀勃的三個女兒的次女，
This means that the order of the objects matter.
Big Show won the match by pinfall and retained the title after he chokeslammed Sabu through a table.
It also said these media could create "overnight sensations."
They are also very close to the other form of Japanese killer, a samurai.
Part 2 continues from "The Happiest Days of Our Lives".
There are exceptions, but this is usually done by the fish contracting muscles on either side of its body in order to generate waves of flexion that travel the length of the body from nose to tail, generally getting larger as they go along.
Bogra is also home to the Western Wing of Bangladesh Highway Police.
It appeared in the film UHF.
Mood swings can be spontaneous, or triggered by an event.
模擬版台标採用了橙色的小楷「a」字作為主體，「a」旁則有較小的「TV」，並只會在節目開始或廣告後約三十秒顯出「本港台」台號，之後本港台三字消失。
The city got its name from ogmok.
Some programs require the Visual C++ library package to be installed on the computer in order to run in the first place.
; it was called King's College, and it was in Lower Manhattan.
Samar tried to register to vote in the 2011 Saudi Arabian elections.
Georges Rochegrosse, Félix Vallotton, the Americans Childe Hassam, John Henry Twachtman, John Noble Barlow, Augustus Kenderdine, and Charles A. Platt were also his pupils.
It was calculated by Josiah Willard Gibbs.
Their bodies are depicted curved in sinuous dance poses.
工具使用的增加，使得人類能獵得能量豐富的肉類，並有能力處理更多能量豐富的植物產品。
Later on, the stores began operating under the name "Tote'm Stores."
Anita Lindman (née Lamm; 14 May 1932 31 August 2018) was a Swedish television announcer and producer.
Gateshead town centre and Newcastle city centre are very close to one another, and together they form the urban core of Tyneside.
。2017年2月23日开放预约，3月30日与动画联合发布并开启iOS版封测，5月进行了两轮、9月进行了一轮安卓版封测，11月3日安卓版正式公测。
Rain, weight, the number of time its launched, the outside temperature, and overheating can cause a shortshot.
On female dimorphism of Paltostoma torrentium.
Living in the settlement is more attractive.
It is capable of producing disorienting flashes of light for fractions of a second to several minutes in duration.
Windows Phone使用了一套稱為「
The venue was demolished following the 1990/1991 season.
A projection is usually calculated using complex mathematical equations.
It is one of Japan's first class rivers.
Scientists do not know what the tadpoles look like.
According to their myth, Nephthys had many siblings.
It grows to between 30–60 cm tall.
，第二次演習於2010年11月在新加坡舉行，均為反恐演習，解放軍和新加坡武裝部隊各派出50人參與。
It was designed by Bernard Namok from Thursday Island.
The elements of typographic style (version 2.5).
After several years of trying, Jimenez appeared on the CD La Alianza in 2004.
He was paid 100 dollars a year. citation The first female policeman was Donna Fotovich who started work in 1985.
Aphids alone cause tens of millions of dollars of damage to crops worldwide every year.
Harron was known for his roles in Charlie Farquharson and in Anne of Green Gables – The Musical.
He gave this to queen Dowager Cixi, she is very happy and say:"Gou Bu Li baozi is so very pleasing that it is better that the animal’s meat in the mountain or the seafood in the sea, after I take it, I think I go back to a young person."
She also made a suprise appearance on an american tv-show called Brooklyn Nine-Nine.
它有超過30個齒輪，雖然麥可·
TV series, Dog with a Blog.
This discourse is speech and previously mentioned as “parole”
If the liver is hurt, it does not remove the bilirubin, so the bilirubin stays in the body.
They could be found in operation over most of the southern West Coast Main Line.
The Altar of Hestia was in a square room on the southern side of the building.
The convention hall is one of the largest convention buildings in the world.
At Chancellorsville, Lee's army defeated the Army of the Potomac once again, this time inflicting 16,800 casualties while losing 13,000 men.
司馬弼於太興元年（318年）逝世，也沒有子嗣，於是又以司馬祐少子、司馬弼之弟司馬邈繼續承接司馬確一脈。
Kod analizinde dosyanın makine kodu, şüpheli görünen bir şey olup olmadığını görmek için analiz edilir.
But, he is unsure if it's too late to "
The main phrases (or "isms") that reveal the focal point of New Age thought are "feel-goodism" (do whatever feels good, as long as you are not hurting someone else), "moral relativism" (situational ethics), and "pluralism" (universal tolerance).
My Country (popularly known as I Love a Sunburnt Country) about her family's farm near Gunnedah.
This category has articles on people who were born in the year 573.
Oysa mektupları Hagop'un eline geçmediği gibi, Hagop zaten ateşler içinde yattığından mektup yazabilecek durumda değildir.
She was born a German princess, the last child of Adolph I, Duke of Cleves and his second wife, Marie of Burgundy.
That one was a little over convert long.
The band was founded in 1968.
Yazar kitapta yer alabilecek sekiz hikâyesinin listesini çıkardı ve Burnett'a yolladı.
，梅芙就請求柯諾爾監視艾利爾。
There are over 80 fragments; the skull belonged to a man in his twenties.
Beverly is a part of USD 298 Lincoln.
Because the number of people living in Hong Kong was 6.5 million in 1997, it was the majority of people (97%) living in all British Dependent Territories.
Birdenbire polis geldi ve bardan çıkarılmak için sıraya girip kimliklerimizi hazırlamamız gerektiğini söylediler."
As a broadcasting entrepreneur with RadioWorks, he was a millionaire before he entered politics.
Brünnhilde (the out-of-wedlock daughter of Wotan and Erda, the Earth-Mother goddess) has the power to do this.
O her zaman davul çalmak istedi ancak ailesi, davulun sesinden ve boyutundan dolayı onu gitara yönlendirdi.
During his career, he represented Bondsjöhöjdens IK in club competitions.
，双方兵力半斤八两，但加菲尔德的部署导致马沙利误以为对手人数更多cfn。
）12月5日：國鐵陸羽西線鶴岡至此站之間開業，此站啟用。
The village was incorporated in 1959.
Yüzölçümü 1,319.58 km² olan belediyenin nüfusu 31 Ağustos 2017 tarihi itibari ile 3,461'dir.
Çin'de adı 'taş toplama' anlamına gelen "Jianshizi" oyununa çok benzer.
Bizim denklemimizde de Z değerlerin toplamının 1de buluşmasını sağlayan temel faktördür.
Earwigs are dark brown, red, or black.
距离圣让德蒙最近的铁路车站为沙朗站，该站位于main上 ，
Trish Dante'ye ilk zamanlarda pek ilgi göstermese de Dante ona çok aşıktır.
Her first solo album, Mantaray, was released in 2007.
Many interpreters are to sing at the Mauerwerk.
這些色素沉著會隨時間而完全消失（約6-12個月）。
Most sign languages use less fingerspelling than ASL.
，要想组织污染物的排放，需要用如月瞳体内的“空中元素固定装置”吸收污染物……
İlk üç sezon boyunca Greenwalt dizinin yönetici yapımcı ve dizi sorumlusu olarak görev almıştır.
The show revolves around the relationship of the two leading characters, Katagiri Teppei and Uesugi Riko, who begin their relationship as squabbling colleagues before falling in love.
Jorgensen was the Libertarian Party's 1996 vice presidential nominee.
Culturally, Manipur has a very long and rich heritage.
，各種原因的變遷，已經散落到中國各地，且樹大分支，互相並不來往。
He has also lent his musical knowledge for different television shows and music competitions like Airtel Super Singer, Sun TV's "Ooo La La.
It is found in very dry areas.
After this, the Nazi party became very important.
He suggested this idea to keep the balance of all known lands in the world.
In other words, while the data link layer deals with the method in which the physical layer is used to transfer data, the network layer deals with organizing that data for transfer and reassembly.
Lincoln called them friends and told them we are not enemies.
She is also the UN Messenger of Peace.
An eyeopening look inside a (now hopefully past) society and its impact on those forced to deal with the unremitting pressure of distrust and hate.
在美國，電臺聯播機制大約在20世紀90年代基本確立起來，時段也成為各大電臺聯播網用於審查節目。
Okul yıllarında başladığı oyunculuk eğitmenliğini İstanbul'da sürdürmekte ve aynı zamanda oyuncu koçluğu yapmaktadır.
The word Murrumbidgee is from the Wiradjuri language (
These black holes are also called collapsars.
However, the Court refused to order the schools to integrate right away, like the NAACP had wanted.
大會將分別根據2014年9月11日及9月25日世界羽聯的世界排名，決定參賽者的資格及種子排名。
」 《main》2011年3月16日號。
On October 25, 2011, AMC said that there would be a third season of The Walking Dead.
England score listed first, score column indicates score after each Kane goal.
It does not dry, and comes in many different colours.
葡萄牙也在马六甲霸占农田，征收各种名目繁多的苛捐杂税，马六甲居民苦不堪言。
In March 1972, Collins married her third husband Ron Kass.
Lovers in the Street and Moulin de la Galette are examples of his Paris work from this time.
The maximum level is higher than in Guild Wars.
Of all the civil rights laws passed during the Civil Rights Movement, the Fair Housing Act was the hardest to pass. The law would make discrimination in housing illegal.
In 2010, 657 people lived there.
最左側以外的其他轉盤側面都有突起處，在旋轉一圈，。
The film, the third highest-rated Disney Channel original movie, premiered to 8.5 million viewers.
It is in the genus Corydoras, which is in the family Callichthyidae.
Timber houses are also often found in seaside towns where the sea air makes brick and stone houses feel cold and damp.
」中主教武術，1910年去世，年僅42歲。
But, he told German guards ".
The river intersected with the Kansas River by their village.
It is in the central part of India.
而在早些年的2月，謝爾蓋由於「領導索引和檢索等有關搜尋系統的快速發展」，獲選進入了美國國家工程學院，這可說是「在工程師中最高的榮譽」。
They have many leisure activities such as horse riding, rowing and hosting garden parties.
This had to mean that the western group had evolved from common western stock, while the eastern group had evolved from a common eastern stock.
Cathode is marked on the case.
Bu kanıt Tanrı'nın var oluşunun en yüksek varlık olarak tanrı tanımından zorunlu olarak çıktığını kabul eder.
At 15.00 the Anglo-Dutch army appeared to be retreating after the heavy bombardment they had received all day, so Napoleon's general Marshal Ney led a massed French cavalry attack against Wellington’s centre.
Women may get sick in their sexual organs and men became insane from the attacks of the helois.
Their 1985 single "You Spin Me Round (Like a Record)" was number one.
The early research of John B. Watson: before the behavioral revolution.
Drammen is also the main harbor for car and fruit import in Norway.
's 2020 novel Our Wild Sex in Malindi.
People who use the information are called data controllers.
"He moved to Teaneck, N.J., in 1976 so that he could commute to the Met where he has sung such roles as Sharpless in Madama Butterfly and Schaunard in Franco Zefferelli's 1981 production of La Boheme."
Also used was -:) to indicate sticking out your tongue, in derision or anger.
The bottom of the balloon is called the "basket" where people can sit or stand.
'nde tek başına temsil etmektedir.
The basin was formed about 900 million years ago.
C-130'un kokpiti alet ve kontrol düğmelerinin gruplaştırılmış bir şekilde yerleştirilmesi ve rahat pilot koltukları ile dikkat çeker.
Rose Elizabeth Fitzgerald Kennedy (July 22, 1890 – January 22, 1995) was an American philanthropist and socialite.
The mind makes these by drawing on experience in the shared world.
"Free minix-like kernel sources for 386-AT".
The Surgeon General's office and staff are known as the Office of the Surgeon General (OSG).
On 23 May 2011, while he was getting his bicycle ready for a ride, Tondo was trapped between his own garage door and car.
It was not known to science until a drawing was made of it in 1820.
The game, Sunless Sea, came out in 2015.
He was known by his title Count of Thorigny.
During the fire, people from Long Gully, Eaglehawk, Maiden Gully, California Gully and West Bendigo were moved from their homes and sent to the centre.
They used up to seven different types of mines, torpedos, torpedo boats, and submarines.
Because of this, Montag and Pratt became portrayed as "the villains" of the series.
İstanbul Büyükşehir Belediye Başkanlığı seçiminin 23 Haziran 2019'da yapılmasına karar verildi.
Alex Chapman ile 2001 yılında Moskova'da evlendi.
Birds usually do not swallow bees whole.
，為在大阪市内工作的男性公司職員 citation 。
Humpback whales can live up to 45 years.
Bratislava was part of the Slavic empire called Great Moravia in the 9th century.
Her father was the fourth Prime Minister of Sri Lanka.
He soon made a full recovery.
İstanbul caddelerinin genişliği, evlerin yapımı ve lağımların bağlanmasıyla uğraştı.
帝亦顧說有舊，詔免死，流合浦。”
It was also a good time to hunt, since the beaver stayed close to its home in the winter and was easy to catch.
Two pendulums may have the same period but not be swinging together.
What I loved most was that the new blood (group) didn't (did not) try to be the new versions of the old characters.
Movement is done with the use of a dice block with the numbers one through ten.
Young and old women dance in a circle at night under the moonlight.
He served as its vice president from 1992 to 1998, and as the director of its Center for the History of Ideas from 1998 to 2003.
Turner et al. also inferred that flight evolved only in the Avialae, and these two points suggested that the ancestral dromaeosaurid could not glide or fly.
In 1848, the town was named "Lake Colac".
It has about 2,500 students.
最後，至尊魔戒的腐敗力量會扭曲持有者，使持有者變成如索倫般邪惡。
该市镇总面积12.9平方公里，2009年时的人口为1582人。
The new framework for understanding placental mammal evolution.
He also helped the club to sign some former Moose players like Ryan Ready and Pat Kavanagh.
The general was killed in an air raid before any action was taken against Keith.
It can also make passage only to people who put in a coin, a ticket, a pass, or similar.
In the NES game, the player controls the character Gizmo through various levels in a building.
A force of approximately 40 enemy soldiers, armed with machine guns, machine pistols, rifles, and grenades, attacked the left flank of his platoon.
Madame Elisabeth died in the odor of holiness.
The flip hairstyle was a popular way for Barbie's hair to be styled in the 70's.
Teams are given up to four clues.
Bedford College offers further education.
Since the earth is a geoid resembling a sphere, the sun’s rays strike the surface at different angles at different places.
The Portuguese colonial administration moved south to Rio de Janeiro in 1763.
This design works well in larger cars where four-cylinder engines do not have enough power.
They become gregarious and migratory when their populations become dense enough.
Above, from left to right: DDS-4 tape (20 GB), 112m Data8 tape (2.5 GB), QIC DC-6250 tape (250 MB), and a 3.5"
Between the Cretaceous Normal and the present, the frequency has generally increased slowly.
The créme frâiche does not need to be added if the eggs will be eaten almost immediately.
Sunset (blue hour) on the Loire.
The phone's replacement model, the Samsung Galaxy S4, was announced on 14 March 2013 and was released the following month.
These are called electron shells.
Laura. citation Upon being upgraded, cold cloud tops began to wrap around the center of Laura and consolidate near the center of circulation.
The Northern has light colored markings on a dark body (the opposite of the Musky). citation Also the Northern has a rounded tail fins while the Musky's are pointed.
When it is damaged by alcohol during pregnancy, the damage can cause many different problems.
稍加編排，即可推導出含時薛丁格方程：
，该季共24集，于1999年5月20日结束。
有以下这些特殊的游戏 citation ：
When they are properly used, these drugs do not put the health of the patient in danger.
It is part of the Dominican Republic and has an area of convert.
Unfortunately, because they lacked speech, the birds and animals were unable to pay homage to the gods and were destroyed.
Living trusts may be used to manage property both during the settlor's lifetime and after death.
Kato got married and changed her name to Tomoe Kato (加藤 與惠) from Tomoe Sakai (酒井 與惠) in November 2007.
A free throw is shot from the straight line in front of the hoop.
以下將列出頭500個質數，並以英文字母的順序將不同種類的質數中的第一批列出來。
、山手工場制造，采用带有补偿绕组、四极串励、高电压、半叠片铸钢机座结构。
That is why the scientists at the Tevatron wanted to find it before the scientists at the LHC.
Whether or not an group meets the conditions is decided by other states when they decide if they are going to treat that group as a state.
The theatre was built between 5 BC and 1 BC.
American Journal of Human Biology.
Also, a lot of fuel is required as well as very exact equipment to get exact results.
A slight decrease in population was calculated in the 2010 census.
The City was first settled by fishermen around 1860, who named it Indian River City.
故事敘述心術不正的法蘭克·卡頓破解了一個被稱作「main」
Nvidia聲明：根據二進位相容性，基於G8x系列開發的程式無需修改即可在未來所有的Nvidia顯卡上運行。
A special featuring Franchouchou and Dempagumi.
Harrison Bergeron is a boy who is very talented.
不過最後由於過度跳躍造成體力不支，陽泉最後以一分之差落敗。
对学龄前儿童的视力测试，可以使用《儿童图形视力表》，但对2岁以下婴幼儿，一般仅能根据其视觉发育的规律，对其视觉行为进行观察，从而作出粗略的估计。
An attack in the Caen area followed with all three British armoured divisions, codenamed Operation Goodwood from 18 July until 21 July.
"Me and My Girlfriend" was on his 1996 classic '.
Tomb of Alonso Fernández de Lugo, conqueror of the island and city founder.
Milli topluluğun bir parçası olabilmeleri için "de-Arabize" (Araplıktan çıkma) olmaları gerekmekteydi.
There were many important events that happened in Kansas during the 1860s.
At the age of 10 he started doing athletics, pushing nuclei.
The island was also called San Juan Bautista and Elizabeth Island in the past.
When Taylor enters the room the video is solarized and remains so throughout the time Taylor's in there.
The third British Commander-in-Chief of India, Major General Robert Clive.
The best way to be sure is to look at the eyes.
王志宏（1954年6月 － ），男，汉族，
The original group members included Willie "Sonny" Killebrew (saxophone), Billy Ellis (flute), Jason "T.
Bundan sonra ışıklar açılır ve dedektif sorguya başlar.
本奇利撰写的剧本中对小说做了多处改动，例如去掉了艾伦·布罗迪与马特·胡珀间存在奸情的内容，这一改动是斯皮尔伯格提议的，他担心这样的内容会伤及两位男性角色之间的友情 : 11-12 。
It has a teaching staff of 4,000 (part-time and full-time) out of a total of 6,000 employees.
Unless these unfortunates can be touched with the spark which ignites the spirit of individual enterprise and determination, they will only sink back into renewed apathy, degradation and despair.
It is the second of the Fulci's trilogy of "Gates of Hell" trilogy.
McCartney had other hit songs, and also wrote and starred in the movie, Give My Regards to Broad Street, with Linda.
Bu nüfusun % 78,3' ü şehirlerde yaşamaktadır (2020 sonu).
Olaylar Cloud ve müttefiklerini, gezegenlerini yok etmeyi amaçlayan insanüstü bir amaç olan Sephiroth'u durmaya çalışmakla geçmektedir.
The A133 road runs into Clacton-on-Sea.
Caruana and Carlsen played 12 games using Classical time controls.
Moby-Dick is now thought to be one of the greatest novels ever written.
Illegal moves are moves that can result in a disqualification.
賓尼垂耳兔是美國第三小的垂耳兔品種，屬於中型兔種。
Laws say how this material can be discarded.
Hsieh Ya Shiung (In Traditional Chinese, 謝亞雄), who was 52 years old, joined China Airlines in 1990.
While living in Ernabella, learned art and craft at the community's craft room.
Einstein's waves detected in star mash.
Nearest operational airports is Lal Bahadur Shastri Airport and nearest operational railway station is Varanasi railway station (22 and 2 kilometers respectively from Varanasi Cantonment).
埃克特支持皮尔，努力抹黑指控。
In the early 1900s, a railroad connection was made to Vaihingen.
A sit string harness.
It was adopted in 1991.
A natural actor, Yuwu was cast with regional actors in his first television series, Master Swordsman Lu Xiao Feng.
，指挥失灵，各自为战，一片混乱。
長期以來，作為一個更大、更富裕以及更多人口的實體，特蘭斯凱一直尋求吞併西斯凱，1987年，為了迫使兩個班圖斯坦合併 citation ，特蘭斯凱對西斯凱進行了一系列軍事襲擊 citation citation ，試圖控制西斯凱，並攻擊領導人倫諾克斯·塞貝家中的大院，目標明顯是將他當作人質。
Kosovo will respect the advisory opinion."
門前有柳兼桃李，花木春風都吹被。
Also, Viola has already fallen in love with the Duke.
The name Feta has an Italian origin.
He supported keeping the country together even though this was difficult and there was a lot of pressure.
; 拜勒崗‧魯伊森邦/巴拉岡‧魯伊善邦 （バラガン・ルイゼンバーン，Baraggan Louisenbairn）
He was the only president to serve a second term that did not begin as soon as the first had ended.
Electricity was very new at the time, and had never been used to power an underwater ship.
She was a member of Egypt women's national volleyball team.
Moffat knew that the team of archaeologists would have to trust the Doctor, but the Doctor could not get them to understand how he had gotten into the closed library.
LPI Contribution No. 954. Houston: Lunar and Planetary Institute.
The age and progenitor mass of Sirius B. Astrophysical Journal 630 (1): L69–L72.
在2018年，生成對抗網路进入了影像游戏改造社区。
However, this theory was not true because some species have a mean (average) diving depth of almost 5 metres and can dive as deep as 12.5 metres.
Figeac is surrounded by the communesCamburat, Planioles, Viazac, Lunan, Capdenac, Faycelles, Béduer, Camboulit, Lissac-et-Mouret.
Esperance'in batısında 3 kilometre (2 mil) kadar uzanır ve doğuda güney sahil karayolu ile sınırlıdır.
Important books she wrote were Pattermaster and Mind of My Mind.
，英法德意等国的新型战列舰也没有对水中弹的防御。
There are also other big and medium teams from São Paulo, for example Portuguesa and Juventus, and many small teams.
Mayıs 2020 itibariyle, Tus Airways aşağıdaki destinasyonlara tarifeli uçuşlar düzenlemektedir.
He repled, "That's OK, honey, I'll take your lines."
During the course of history, different places and regions were called "Westphalia", the borders of the region can therefore not be defined exactly, as they depend on the entity and time talked about.
Many others were abolished or became comprehensive.
The opera is based on the story of Odysseus' return to Ithaca and his contest with the unwanted suitors of his loyal wife Penelope.
The car was later blocked and several armed men removed the driver from the vehicle and bundled him into the van, while the Baron was quickly handcuffed and the kidnappers made off in his car.
Due to its orbit, the chances of Sedna being found were 0.017%.
He disguises himself as a swineherd and gets a job tending the pigs at the palace.
University of Illinois Press, Urbana, Chicago & London.
It was later changed to "Spark" because "Evolution" was already being used.
The wall in which a mihrab appears is the "qibla wall."
Bermuda also competes in the biennial Island Games.
Bilim, varlığın var olduğunu ön kabul eder.
Caches and pipelines were a perfect match for each other.
It consists of a blue St Andrews cross on a white background.
This was called Operation Bodyguard.
The duo started their first tour in Korea called "Fly To The Sky: 2006 The Twice Tour".
While CRAC units makes use of mechanical refrigeration, a computer room air handler (CRAH) uses fans, cooling coils and a water-chiller system to remove heat.
，前身为2004年5月20日成立的广州市番广公共汽车有限公司。
Scheele, 165. 身為世界級羽球比賽中身體素質最佳的球員之一，皮爾·維爾索代表丹麥參加了1967年、
’deki misyonu tekrar temsilcilik seviyesine yükseldi, Temmuz 1963’te ve Ocak 1980’de Elçilik seviyesine yükseldi.
He plays for Churchill Brothers.
Özellikle yenileşme döneminin Osmanlı Devleti’nde nasıl bir seyir aldığını izlemek açısından Beykoz’da düzenlenen av partileri oldukça enteresan malzemelerle doludur.
He or she is the "custodial parent".
Ray Harroun won the race at the average speed of 74.602 mph (120.060 km/h).
He was born in a familiar core of sailor tradition.
一般而言，各珠宝店只回购本店售出的钻石，跨品牌或跨商店流通难度较大。
The word bodhicitta combines the words for enlightenment (
In the late 1890s they started to compete with the banks by issuing money orders.
He also becomes "unstuck in time" and experiences his life in a random order of flashbacks.
A deep salient is vulnerable to being "pinched out" across the base.
A river start from these springs whose name is Erkyna.
The plan almost works, but Flotsam and Jetsam cause the boat to sink.
The top box shows an outbreak in a community in which a few people are infected (shown in red) and the rest are healthy but unimmunized (shown in blue); the illness spreads freely through the population.
，目前團長由其長子（也是明華園第三代）的陳進興擔任。
Struck Central America, Cuba, and Florida.
王為進賢饒氏甥，其舅黨以其膚理如蛇皮，目之曰：「此行貨亦欲求售耶？
The country is one of the most densely populated in the world.
The whale can grow from 12.5 m (41 ft) to 14 m (46 ft) long and a weight of 16–18.5 tonnes, with the female larger than the male.
He was 36 years old.
It Has two skating rinks and a toboggan hill.
Antonio Puerta died at the beginning of the season and I know how terrible the whole experience is.
In continuing after, Cyrus dances with multiple people on the dance floor.
It was said that Hera designed them.
Arbaete was later dropped and the name was made Asmara.
父母對他的教導除了注重知識的吸取外，更是偏重靈命與道德品格的提升，他從小就定期參加教堂禮拜，晚間則勤於誦讀聖經。
As a new found member of the Organized Noize Family, Bobby learned firsthand how great music was made from icons such as Outkast, TLC, and Goodie Mob.
與此同時，使用物質變換將自身融合進黑的體內 ，令後者成為繼承BK201能力的契約者。
Julia Jones (born January 23, 1981) is an American actress.
Some WBCs make chemicals.
Less documented deeds of his include saving children from drowning.
Nuts Magazine: "20 things you don't know about Lewis Hamilton", 22–28 June 2007, Nuts Magazine, 2007 His father said he would support his racing as long as he worked hard at school.
But they may also talk on the phone, drive cars, and go shopping.
贛語韻母可分為「開韻尾」、「閉韻尾」、「促韻尾」三類，以南昌贛語為例共有六十七個。
The only known species is Ichthyovenator laosensis.
How long the tail is depends on how big the body is, and the tails can be either with hair or a little hair.
The people who live there usually speak English.
Köyün kuzeyinde merkez ilçe Koyulhisar ve Yukarı Kale, doğusunda Suşehri, güneyinde Zara, batısında 40 km. mesafede Reşadiye (Tokat) bulunmaktadır.
As he was about to die, he runs to the Principle, requesting him to save Vivek at any cost.
More time changes occurred in 2016.
The technology is useful when transferring information between two or more devices that are near each other in low-bandwidth situations.
This caused concern that the telescope might collapse.
In 1892, The Wellington Times was printed three times a week, on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday.
When fresh, it is quite crumbly and relatively hard, but it characteristically ripens and becomes more runny and strongly flavoured as it ages.
Ahmed Mansour is an Egyptian journalist, television presenter, television host, and interviewer on Al Jazeera since 1997, and writer.
Historians are currently divided about the role of Y. pestis in the Black Death.
She agreed, and light came back to the earth.
However, the term is not clear; "high-speed" is more clear.
Rick’s early tries to find a place to live end very badly.
Air powered guns often use pressures over 100 psi.
The explanation for the brightness of the different-colored lines of neon and the other elements could wait.
Females lay between three and eight large, pale green-blue eggs at a time.
Chakravarthy was working as a script writer for Kannada director Puttanna Kanagal.
In a diphthong, the person combines two different monophthongs, as with the "oi" sound in the word "oil".
", has reached number one in Australia and the top three in the US, UK, and Canada.
As of the 2014 census, 995,717 people lived there.
The mayor Horst Kaiser is a Christian Democrat and was elected in 2005 with 84.8% of all votes.
健力士酿酒厂还生产其他品牌的酒精饮料，如Harp、Smithwick's和Kilkenny。
Crawford's definition of a game is: an interactive, goal-oriented activity, with opponents to play against, and where players and opponents can interfere with each other.
、钜鹿郡之间的辖境发生一定变化，统县减少到13个，
）》》（香港01，2019年7月14日） 。
The Indian roller (Coracias benghalensis), is a member of the roller family of birds.
Some of the more famous ones are the princesse de Conti and Marie de Rohan-Montbazon, the duchesse de Chevreuse.
POC、PoC、或POc可以指：
Clute's second novel, Appleseed (2001).
In most cases both types exist.
Sometimes the trill ends with a turn (the note above, the main note, the note below, the main note).
Price became the state's Bank Commissioner from 1857 to 1861.
Some of them speak an indigenous, non-
At about this time, he began to write about politics and workers' struggles.
In 2010, 3,034 people lived there.
Type I dyotropic rearrangements also occur around carbon-oxygen bonds.
嘉靖十年（1531年）江西鄉試第六十二名舉人。
Guideline for the Application of Pathology to Crime Investigations (Fourth edition).
Preface i. He and his colleagues conducted many experiments in cross cultural communication and peacemaking in the Carl Rogers Peace Project.
Elektriksel yük değişimlerine karşı oldukça hassaslardır.
David Owen Russell, (d. 20 Ağustos 1958) Amerikalı film yönetmeni ve senarist.
The virus count goes as high as 84, and does not increase after you pass level 20. There are over 40 levels in the game.
凡有除國者，皆在該國項下分列小項，並作説明。
The Croatian Catholic Church rejected the pan-Slavic idea of bringing together Catholic, Orthodox, and Muslim believers under the motto that "a brother is dear regardless of his faith".
Köyün nüfusu 352 kişiden oluluyordu.
Epicurus never married and had no children, so far as we know.
The Northern Territory was part of South Australia from 1846 to 1912.
The goal of Russell and other Bible Students, as the group was then known, was to promote the teachings of Jesus Christ and to follow the practices of the first-century Christian congregation.
Air carriers did not like the fact that it only carried 10 passengers.
So, opening one door will shut down all of the beamlines in the facility.
It closed in 1971, though post offices at Greta West and Greta South remained open until 1994.
，苏亚雷斯首次代表国家队出场。
It was one of the largest debt buyers in the US.
By this time 5, 10 and 20 colon coins were made.
Her case was heard on 6 June 2017.
It was moved to Burdett in 1887.
He was engaged to Sanae, Teppei's former girlfriend, but he meets his own past girlfriend and develops an affair with her later on in the story.
」，當時的球主要是用皮為殼裝入毛髮的輕軟實心球。
So the British government set up Southern Ireland but there was never any government to take power.
Several peaceful attempts were made to find a compromise.
The priest says they are usually reliable.
……《碑文》云：西河舊處山林，漢末擾攘，百姓失所。
Balık bakımından zengin olan göl, hem Doğa koruma alanı, hem de dinlenme ve tatil yeridir.
The construction started later because people challenged the building of the bridge.
Means was married five times, the first four ended in divorce.
Most of the egg white is water.
Fox Kids Network, in a hasty effort to fill educational television mandates for its stations, aired reruns on its weekday block from September 1998 to September 2002.
At the end of 2010 China said that the first round of exports in 2011 for rare earths would be 14,446 tons.
Garnett's later movie credits include Prostitute (1980), Handgun (1983), Earth Girls Are Easy (1988) and Beautiful Thing (1996).
，機身中線安裝ETC-501派龍架可攜帶一枚500 kg (1,100 lb)等級炸彈或一具300 L (80 US gal)拋棄式油箱·武裝系統：移除掉2 × MG FF機炮。
隨著第二次世界大戰的開始，德國社會民主黨处于一個尴尬的位置。
Bu tür kontroller ve önlemler, işletmeler için kısa vadede çok pahalı gibi görünse de, atmosfere vermek yerine geri kazandıkları metalleri ve gazları işlemeleri sonucu, uzun vadede hem kendileri hem de çevre için faydalı olmaktadır.
However the album ended up being released as a bootleg album.
一般认为是由埋藏在冰水沉积层内砂砾中的死冰块融化后引起塌陷而造成的。
It is accurate to the nearest minute.
The 10 km race course begins at Chesterfield Avenue.
That person should also not attack anyone.
After control is taken by the virus and the environment is set for the virus to begin making copies of itself, replication occurs quickly.
This pure solvent rinse prevents discoloration caused by soil particles being absorbed back onto the garment surface from the "dirty" working solvent.
Later that year he lost both his Reichstag and town council seats.
Briefly, the hydrogen bonds holding together paired bases are broken and the molecule is split in half: the legs of the ladder are separated.
Moloney (2006), p. 33 Responsibility for the political murders was claimed by a small, until then unknown Republican organisation called the Irish National Invincibles.
Leading Ladies: The 50 Most Unforgettable Actresses of the Studio Era, ed. Frank Miller (San Francisco, CA: Chronicle Books, 2006), p. 193 She was born into a wealthy Brooklyn family.
该导弹可以从多种平台发射，并能够携带常规弹头与核弹头。
It is through the Rasalila that the people of Manipur reach the highest bliss of worship.
He was Vice Minister of the Ministry of Metallurgy Industry, Minister of the Ministry of Materials, Executive Vice Director of the State Planning Commission, and Director of the State Economic Commission.
家裡是商業街的大型花店，導師是常客。
Vanessa Lynn Williams (born March 18, 1963), known professionally as Vanessa L. Williams or Vanessa Williams, is an American singer, actress, producer and former fashion model.
Both were 17 years old and Dorothy had to marry him.
The blind skier is accompanied by her guide skier, Michaela Hubačová.
Peaceful at first, the demonstrations turned to a sit-in that was violently broken up by the Madison police and riot squad, causing many injuries and arrests.
He won the Leningrad Masters' tournament in 1930 with 6½/8, following this up the next year by winning the Championship of Leningrad by 2½ points over former Soviet champion Peter Romanovsky.
He could not wait to get home from school and start to play pool.
There is not much information about the group's structure.
In modern times, the word also means any other long-standing feud, not necessarily involving bloodshed.
The most common cycles that model internal combustion engines are the Otto cycle, which models gasoline engines and the Diesel cycle, which models diesel engines.
Outer Mongolia began to lose supplies.
You can see an example of the band of main-sequence stars to the right.
Starting with the 2005 event, CONMEBOL began to use the away goals rule, with the extra time used only in the final matches.
Movie theatres have comfortable chairs.
Since its first description in 1969, a few hundred cases have been described.
There are over 400 recorded bird species in the district.
$6225億 ，佔了加州總生產總值的32%。
By 1961, Utsu wanted to change the rule.
这给他游遍中国的机会并跟随一个老派的儒学人士学习中文。
Garvey's successor, Patrick McLaughlin, was forced to resign along with his deputy in 1983 over his minor involvement in a political scandal.
Ressamın başka tablolarında görülmeyen altın yaldız kullanımı, bu eseri sanatçının diğer tablolarından ayırır.
Özel bir şirkette Beypazarı tünel, Ankara içme suyu, Kınık tünelleri, Tecer-Kangal demiryolu, GAP Urfa tünelleri inşaatlarında çalışmıştır.
The internships seek to attract into museum and visual arts organizations students from historically underrepresented groups: people of African American, Asian, Latino/Hispanic, Native American, and Pacific Islander descent.
It is similar to MTV.
前身為由邱家雄發起成立的亞太商業銀行，1992年1月14日正式成立，
For Kuhn, the choice of paradigm was sustained by, but not ultimately determined by, logical processes.
Past presidents of the UNCF included William H. Gray (Pennsylvania politician) and Vernon Jordan.
It is at the eastern end that Gothic churches are the most different from each other.
Both characters can throw paper balls, and you barely have to do that.
This includes 45 seats held for women.
'nda bulundurmak zorunda oldukları mevduatların oranıdır ve bu oran Merkez Bankası tarafından kararlaştırılır.
These are called 'the long rains' (in April and May) and 'the short rains' (in November and December).
They have only the story and no cover art.
He served as the 35th Surgeon General of the United States Army from 1981 to 1985. citation He has served as the chief of urological surgery at Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center.
İsveç'te en önemli 5 azınlık dili vardır.
She was born in Elysian, Minnesota.
Special attention is paid to how the physical shape of a city changes over time and how different cities compare to each other.
Yine bir sefer esnasında hükümdar mimarlarına ve köprü ustalarına ‘’Ben seferden dönünceye kadar buraya bir köprü yapılsın’’ diye emretmiş.
In some cases, this is simply a form of using trance.
It is beyond the middle of the belt.
Even before the genocide, they had been persecuted and forced to pay high taxes.
Pointsettias are commonly called Christmas flowers.
Geçen akşam onu ​​aradım ve kendisine inanmasını söyledim.
He is married to Cheryl.
There is an award named after him.
，渐渐奢侈，清正公平也不如从前。
Some intersex people may be so because of abnormalities with their sex chromosomes, resulting in genetic disorders.
醫師勞動條件改革小組認為國際醫療的發展明顯違背了醫療非營利行為的本質，並且可能影響原先就已窘迫的醫師人力分布，可能排擠弱勢民眾的就醫權益；而解決目前醫療危機的首要方式應是落實勞動保障、調整健保給付方式以及改善醫病緊張關係，而非以自由化政策撼搖醫學的本質。
However, voiceless stops and fricatives that appear after the first sound are unaspirated.
Church of Our Lady of La Vang, built in 1928 and destroyed in 1972 during the war.
The lack of education in women has been decreasing, and more women today have at least completed tertiary education.
It was named for a Creek Indian Tribe that lived in the area.
Ancak ilk eşi ile çocuk sahibi olamadığı için ikinci bir eş alması gerekiyordu.
Michalka was in a number of WORD Music Productions at her church in Southern California as a young child.
With 12 points from four matches, the Super Kings progressed to the semifinals where they suffered a 14-run defeat at the hands of the Rajasthan Royals at Jaipur.
He wanted to follow people who had fought on the losing side of a war.
随后，他先后在四川、天津、广东等地训练，参加各类比赛，
It has a number of common names, like asp caterpillar, puss caterpillar, woolly slug and puss moth.
Fakat iki Bizans subayının ihanetiyle Martiropolis (Silvan) yine Sasanilerin eline geçti ve Bizanslılar Sisauranon daki savaşı kazanmakla beraber bu şehri tekrar geri alamadılar.
The 'W2W' 'Wear-to-Walney' route, and the 'Two-Rivers' (Tyne and Wear) route also end in Sunderland.
Köyün merkezinin 1,8 km doğusunda, bir kayanın dibinde yer alan manastır, ana kilisenin dışında başka yapılar da barındırmaktadır.
Berg was asked to write a violin concerto for the violinist Louis Krasner.
When the Yonne department was created on 17 February 1800, the arrondissement of Auxerre was part of that original department.
Then following its decision to not join either the association rules (1863) or rugby rules (1871), it became known as Victorian Rules, although it closely resembled the two former rule sets.
This was in Austin, Texas on March 19, 2015.
When the pressure in the left ventricle becomes lower than the pressure in the left atrium, the mitral valve opens.
唱不出來，就給我滾下來，回台灣去！
They eventually decide to not develop a relationship.
These fins help the shark from constantly rolling around.
The two main Shabbat meals start with a blessing over a cup of wine.
His orchestra played at a series of summer concerts (called Concerts d’été).
Fort Minor's first album was The Rising Tied, which was released 22 November 2005.
Ayrıca 1972'den 1974'e kadar The Wacky World of Jonathan Winters adlı şovunu yapmıştır; 1973'te Van Alexander, 1973'te bir Variety, Musical veya Dramatik Müzik Yönünde Başarılı Başarı için 1973 Primetime Emmy Ödülü'ne aday gösterilmiştir.
Tottenham ise 8. kez mücadele ettiği FA Cup finalinde ilk kez kupayı kaybetti.
He completed about 80 paintings between 1920 and 1925.
亨利·亨德森橋（Henry Hudson Bridge）
This was done using type erasure.
Most cases of sleepwalking are temporary, they occur once, or only a few times.
They are not any more of a health risk than other common pets.
惟鑒彼負冤之可戒，乃顯此釋冤之足尚，故附著之」。
There is much rainfall.
Male couples were originally dispersed throughout the ranks of the army.
But it left no serious damage or killed anyone in the country.
遊戲上市後也將持續提供類似於《魔物獵人 世界》發行後的免費內容 citation 。
It started in 1904.
When a policeman remarks that the planes got him, Denham says, "Oh, no, it wasn't the airplanes.
The Zou tribe generally follows what is called as "Patrilineal cross-cousin's marriage" which is their first choice known as Neita.
Shingo Kunieda and Maikel Scheffers beat Wimbledon champions, Robin Ammerlaan and Stefan Olsson in straight sets.
Their general shape has been compared with that of a hacksaw blade.
豐田中心曾於2003年獲得由休斯敦中心公司（Central Houston, Inc.
He has founded and/or managed several journals, includingEl Gran Musical, Disco Exprés, Popular 1 Top Magazine.
They have 18 retired numbers, more than any other teams in MLB.
The blades used are blunt, but they are much heavier than a sport fencing sword, which means the fencers need much more armour.
In 1974, St Mirren were playing in the second division.
In superconductivity, paired electrons can flow with 0 viscosity.
The Germans planned to attack and take the Rhenen line and the village of Achterberg.
As of 2016, 5,277 people lived there.
There, he went to Randolph School.
本頁列出自2019年7月25日起仍在使用 的頁面。
Politics is the science of government.
It was during this period that Dom Augustine Calmet wrote a famous text on vampirism in Hungary.
Bu haberin üzerine dönemin hükümdar olan II.
Auxin collects mainly on the darker side of the stem and stimulates cell elongation.
That is the point of the exercise.
On March 7, 2016, Manning announced that he was retiring from professional football.
Plaque: a word meaning a flat, plate-like object.
Some of these vehicles also come, or used to come in, hybrid-electric versions.
İstanbul'a gelen Rüstem yaşamak için kardeşini öldürür.
The black colour is added to give it a distinct look.
MediaShift Idea Lab: Reinventing Community News for the Digital Age.
Pop girl group Girl Authority covered the song in 2006 for their debut album.
It identifies the host on a network.
Radjabov is the youngest player ever to make the FIDE Top 100 Players list.
It is closely related to the Amethyst-throated Sunangel.
The Bléone flows southwest through the middle of the commune.
Enzim glokom tedavisi için bu tür asetazolamid, methazolamide ve dichlorphenamide gibi ilaçlar için bir hedeftir.
Translation fixes for Hungarian and Chinese.
In 2004, the Finn brothers released their second album together, titled, Everyone Is Here.
’nde asistan unvanı ile görev yaptı.
This family consists of 21 genera and about 150 species, most of which belong to the nominate subfamily Bombycinae.
More 707-320Cs were made than any other type.
These stories are about her traditional country, around Marruwa, Ngaminya and Marrapinti.
He liked to make his art colorful and with bright lines.
It was also co-written by Danny Rubin.
The narrator finds the farm workers' lives little different to those of the pre-revolutionary landlords and their serfs.
此札当是此三年中所遣，以不署年月，故莫得其详。
The List of F.C. Gifu players is evolving.
In Europe, the ICD-9 manual was used.
He was very critical of senior CIA officials for not doing everything possible to stop terrorism.
A new North American therizinosaurid and the role of herbivory in 'predatory' dinosaur evolution.
By 1877, over 23,000 people were using the train.
Robert Augustus Sweeney received two peacetime Medals of Honor, one of only nineteen men, and the only African American, to be awarded the medal twice.
The Japanese built strong defences on Wake Island.
Swimming that fast helps them get away from predators that might eat them.
The Captain would get one and a half shares of any stolen money or goods.
Savonarola wanted to make Florence a city devoted to God, a good “Christian and religious Republic.”
Yılmaz ve Elif aynı mahallede büyümüş ve birbirini seven iki aşıktır.
With sufficient investigation, a specific cause, such as abnormal raw material or incorrect set-up parameters, can be found for special cause variations.
Sometimes chisels are used to break things so that they can be moved more easily.
In 1844 once again Lahore Darbar sent a large force under Diwan Mulraj and Hari Singh to subdue Karlal country.
Alonso had made an early pit stop, and was far behind the leaders.
He found a 'cloud' in the constellation of Centaurus to be the most striking concentration of galaxies.
Once the miners left, the Aboriginal families stayed and built a permanent settlement using what was left from the mining camps (shelters, bores, etc.).
In computer science, deadlock refers to a specific condition when two or more processes are each waiting for each other to release a resource.
When the Wyandotte Constitution was being written, pro-slavery people knew they had lost.
Madan is killed the same day by Kapil by poisoning by his bite, while Rajesh is killed later on his wedding night by Divya's ghost.
列車內部以「佈置靈活、照明充足和座位舒適」為主，座位方面安排靈活，即使是二等車廂需要更多的座位都會與民航客機的經濟艙相若，並可根據需求增加或減少行李容量和座位數目。
Some people at the time said that he also murdered one of Maria’s babies because he thought he might not have been the father.
Depression is one of the mental illnesses that can cause a person to have suicidal thoughts.
Dr. Burney laughed and said yes.
Mike Ashley, The Mammoth Book of British Kings and Queens (New York: Carroll & Graf, 1999), p. 284 Shortly after Ecgfrith became king, Aethelthryth asked her husband if she could become a nun.
可見按照「上字取聲，下字取韻」的原則，古人或能很準確地讀出一字字音。
活動結束后，前3强拍成了微电影，分別是汤梅芝的《差一点先生》、黄循文的《寻找朱燕冰》和曾莹莹的《衣柜》。
The couple said they will keep working together on charitable efforts.
於獵人故事前期故事常用的武器，在後期到貪婪之島則較少使用。
It came into recognition when Jimi Hendrix wrote a song about it and its effects after he had it in the Himalayan region of Nepal.
It was met with limited success.
Pollyanna's spirits return to their usual cheerfulness.
Üçü de aynı sırlı kaplamayı paylaştı, ancak düğme şeklindeki Chocolate Treet'in dolgusu, yalnızca diğer versiyonlardaki yer fıstığı veya şeker topağını çevreleyen sütlü çikolatadan oluşuyordu.
The pygmy three toed sloth is not prey to any natural predator, as it lives on an isolated island where there aren't many other animals.
Today, Kriol is the first or second language of most of the people living in Belize, and a lot of them speak English as well.
However, the morning of January 9, 2010, there was a dusting of snow on the ground in city center.
、海軍陸戰隊副指揮官、海軍陸戰隊參謀長、海軍陸戰隊政戰主任、
It's totally for Sarah and I cannot believe it."
Stage 3 (1.85–0.85 Ga): O 2 starts to gas out of the oceans, but is absorbed by land surfaces.
The municipalities of Sabana de la Mar and El Valle are in this region.
Bu sâhâdaki ilerlemeler, araştırılan sorunun önemi yüzünden birçok insanın ilgisini çekse de genellikle yavaş ve aralıklıdır.
The tower makes St Edmundsbury the only recently completed Anglican cathedral in the UK, and only a handful of Gothic revival cathedrals are being built worldwide.
Khalid Anees, president of the Islamic Society of Britain attended a conference called 'Creationism: Science and Faith in Schools'.
，出道前曾擔任摄影助理、收音助理、剪接师等。
When he was seven months old, he sawed the legs off his parent's bed in the middle of the night.
Many mining camps set up in Colorado would later become cities, such as Denver City and Boulder City.
People respected children more and treated them better.
However, the most important goal was to get President Kennedy's civil rights law passed.
It was nominated for three more: Best Motion Picture (Musical or Comedy), Best Director (
Norton Simon (1907 1993) from 1971 until his death.
Taksim Square has a Republican Monument which was built in 1928.
Today—today, in almost half of the states in America, Democratic Party has almost no political presence at all.
She reappears in season seven.
In some families, the son of a prince is also a prince.
Akon has worked with a lot of other musicians.
He was best known for the songs "I Scare Myself" and "Canned Music."
Freyr once wielded the legendary sword Sümrbranðr (
She wanted Liza Manelli instead of Redgrave.
Most people at the time believed this was true.
Genellikle alçak düzlüklerden oluşan ülke kumla örtülüdür.
MBTA与2001年至2005间提供被称作“夜猫子 ”的服务，在夜间使用main继续运行，但是由于乘客人数过少，每名乘客需要花费$7.53才能使服务继续运行。
No one knows the names of the daughters.
雖然自稱是因為女性問題被開除，不過實際上是在閱兵典禮中拒絕警備隊司令下令改用導力步槍的命令。
Fowles observed critically that no British scientist had named a species after Anning in her lifetime.
She died there of problems caused by a fall at the age of 87 in 2008.
詩曼欣賞上達的率真，但對他沒有愛意，於是婉拒。
Rick Davies and Roger Hodgson wrote all the music.
Enrique wants to adapt Ignacio’s story into a movie.
He was married to Carol Grattan and had two sons and five grandchildren.
Bilecik'in güneydoğusunda numaralı Bilecik-Söğüt il yolu kenarındadır.
Online shopping is available in the US, Canada, UK, Mexico, Korea and Taiwan.
由於浩園屬於公眾墳場，因此殉職人員遺體土葬6年後同樣需要撿掘，重新安放在園內的永久甕盎葬位，或者於火化後安放在靈灰安置所的壁龕 。
，2002年成为全国政协文史专员。
在1950至60年代，《成報》曾是香港最暢銷的三大報章之一。
In 2003, Burbidge was added into the Women's Museum of California Hall of Fame honoring her career and achievements.
A part of the original buildings is still in use, called the "Irwin Street Building".
The political powers are shared between the king Muhammad VI (the sixth) and the Head of the Government.
Bu başarıda büyük payı olan Miliç, üç büyüklerin dikkatini çekti.
To keep waste products from building up in the CSF, the choroid plexuses make new CSF about four times a day.
When the North South Line is planned, there is a station called Sembawang.
It is a part of the Roslagen network.
They get depressed and do not want to eat in front of other people.
It was more round than the previous.
When he helps his father, he accidentally changes the events that lead to his parents becoming a couple.
It was canceled in 2007 when it was removed from the company's user guide.
When the Monsopies begins, the provisions flow away in the mud.
八朗学杰康位于八朗学社区，二者同名。
Sonunda The Dead Weather doğdu, Jack White bateride, Alison Mosshart ön vokalde, Jack Lawrence (The Raconteurs) bas gitarda ve Dean Fertita ( The Raconteurs ile tur yapan 'Queens of the Stone Age' grubu üyesi ) gitarda ve orgda.
It has wet and dry seasons.
'da düzenlenen Cezayir 23 yaş altı millî futbol takımının antrenman kampına çağrıldı.
According to Tom Garvin such a decision gave the new force a cultural ace: "the taboo on killing unarmed men and women who could not reasonably be seen as spies and informers."
Brewster's Millions is a 1985 sports comedy movie directed by Walter Hill and it is seventh adaption of the 1902 novel of the same name by George Barr McCutcheon.
By 1890, the King was ill.
】（云南省地名）以及【江苏移动】（电信服务商），这些查询都会出问题。
小学的一般转相应的同年级，由于进度原因发挥普遍较好。
Jerry never came near land during its lifespan, and no damage or deaths were reported.
Morgan said that the coffee was dangerous and asked $90,000, but McDonald's refused.
The very first issue of Gamepro was originally published in April 1989.
He was also one of the founders of Bimota.
The band continued into 1983 with two more fun singles: “The Walk” and “The Lovecats.”
A landscape means an area of land as one can see it.
No visit of the Santa Anas is a match for the blazing brush clearance skills of - Getty's goats.
This frog is yellow-green on the back and lighter on the belly.
此函数得到的时间是相对于线程的,也就是每一个线程都有自己的时间.
It has since received cab modifications.
该地2001年总人口30436人，其中男性15023人，女性15413人；0—6岁人口3690人，其中男1896人，女1794人；识字率82.
The WAC had announced plans to restart a football league at the FCS level starting in the 2021 season, but lacked enough football-playing members to receive an automatic FCS playoff berth.
Caccini often got involved in arguments because he was envious and jealous.
Giselle's Act 1 pantomime scene in which she tells Albrecht of her strange dream is cut.
The website is in Spanish.
》獲得各大電影獎的最佳女主角獎，
Colin Welch born as James Colin Ross Welch was an English journalist and writer.
Fatih Sultan Mehmet'in 1461 de bölgeyi fetetmesi üzere köy muhtemelen boşalmıştır.
Admissions to year 7 in the normal annual admissions round.
The club formed from a merger of two football clubs ; Betis F.C. and Sevilla Balompie in 1914.
Today, the astronomical community widely agrees that Planet X, as originally envisioned, does not exist.
This was an important moment in video game history as now every video game console on the market depends on some third-party game support.
Water mills were still in commercial use well into the twentieth century, however.
Washington eyaletinde Tempranillo 1993 yılında ilk ticari ekimiyle Yakima Valley AVA'da Red Willow Vineyard'ın eyalette öncülük ettiği çeşitlerden biriydi.
來到亞洲賽季，喬科維奇在中國網球公開賽中衛冕成功，成為中網史上唯一一個完成三連冠的球員，並以五座冠軍成為中網史上奪冠最多的球員 citation citation 。
Crong becomes new friends of Pororo.
Babylon had entirely conquered southern Mesopotamia by c. 1763 BC.
The current version, which started in 2006, is hosted by Vernon Kay.
然后，巡洋舰移至塞班岛巡航，後來前往马库斯岛進行砲擊，作為空襲台灣的牽制性攻擊，之後返回塞班岛。
In 2015, Avijit Roy returned to Dhaka and was killed after leaving a book fair with his wife.
Ido was made by a group of people that thought Esperanto was too hard to be a world language.
They have two daughters and a son.
Their daughter was born in September 2014.
The price is not elastic because there is competition between many suppliers of fish.
They do this by getting their friends and family to sponsor them (give them money).
The banner is now can be seen in the museum at Young.
Moreover, rural primary schools offer free mid-day meals to children (the government pays for it) so that the drop out rate comes down.
It was written, directed, and produced by Jennifer Siebel Newsom.
He became famous during the free jazz movement in the 1960s.
Şehiriçi kullanım içindir ve tek kişiliktir.
It can kill animals larger than itself.
The practice of aromatherapy.
In November 2014, Imageepoch completed development on Stella Glow.
Vorres (1965), p. 115 Some carriers of the gene are not hemophiliacs themselves, but they can have signs of hemophilia, like bleeding more than most people.
Two of her RCA singles hit the Billboard country charts in 1970.
He was better known as "Vangapandu".
The plan for Operation Husky called for the sea attack of the island by two armies.
One bel is a power ratio of 10:1, and is divided into ten decibels.
Kahramankazan'ın girişinde bir açıklama yapan Kılıçdaroğlu, darbe girişimi gecesi Kazan halkının direnişi sayesinde ilçenin isminin Kahramankazan olarak değiştirildiğini hatırlatıp yurttaşlara teşekkür etti.
One very popular programme was called Friday Night is Music Night, with music played by the BBC Concert Orchestra.
The horse racing club, the Wimmera Racing Club, has around six race meetings a year at Warracknabeal including the Warracknabeal Cup meeting in February.
Çoban Ressam Süleyman Şahin'in çoğu yurt dışında olmak üzere özel kolleksiyonlarda müzelerde bulunan çizdiği doğa ve kırsal yaşamı anlatan 10.000 binin üzerinde portre çalışması vardır.
羽田亨（假名：はねだ とおる、1882年5月15日－1955年4月13日），
The number n!, read "n factorial", citation is precisely the number of ways we can rearrange n things into a new order.
晉江經濟比較發達，有大量知名企業。
Upon graduation, he returned to Taiwan to become a professor at NTU.
開元二十一年，入為考功员外郎、
陳學殷作供時，曾經不慎地說出了X先生姓氏，即時遭到法官警告。
梁在該段時間仍在中國內地登台，
The people of Lamerd are closely related to the Achomi people.
Dr. Finlay was a member of Havana's Royal Academy of Medical, Physical and Natural Sciences.
Catalan legend says that the body swerved to avoid getting hit by a cannonball.
Peaks are covered with evergreen trees including pine, walnut, oak and maple trees.
High rates of childhood mortality saw only 33-50% of the population reaching the age of 16.
Many of these are concentrated around the capital.
After some promising excavations all over the property approximately 200 feet above sea level, a mineral lease was granted to them citation and the first ore recovered from the site was dispatched to Cockle Creek, N.S.W. for smelting.
Cake Entertainment is an independent company specializing in the making of children's entertainment.
Birleşik Krallık İş Sağlığı ve Güvenliği Yönetimi, ilgili başvuru için doğru portatif araç hakkında bir rehber notu yayınlamıştır.
She died in July 2013.
Residents of the area also refer to it as the Dallas–Fort Worth Metroplex, DFW, or the Metroplex.
Pages are added to this template by via and several other templates.
杨威利真正伟大的地方，不在于他预测的准确度，而在于他使帝国军的行动或选择，完全操纵在他预测的范围内．也就是说，银河帝国身经百战的名将们，总是在他所预先设计好的舞台上行动．
Evolution of the vertebrate eye: opsins, photoreceptors, retina and eye cup.
Membership is the only thing that matters.
To daily train with him, the team moved to his homeplace.
A "set" is a number of reps and a time of rest.
英国政府担心其托管地伊拉克局势不稳，遂改直接统治为名义上的君主制。
Soaps are the metallic salts of long chain fatty acids.
Mahallenin adı bir ailenin babasının adı olan İlyas dan geldiği söylnemektedir ve bu ailenin mahallenin ilk yerleşenleri olduğu belirtilmektedir.
He has been the Chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security since 2019.
The highest mountains of the Vogelsberg are Taufstein, 773 m (2,536 ft), and Hoherodskopf, 763 m (2,503 ft).
Bununla birlikte, araştırmacılar, özellikle dezenfekte edilmemişlerse, kir ve mikroorganizmalar içerebileceğinden, deniz süngerlerinin tampon olarak kullanılmasını önermemektedir.
The chart broadcasts on Radio Contact on Saturdays from 12:00 to 14:00.
When a plant flowers at the end of its life, it produces a spectacular flowering stalk 0.5-2.0 m (1.6-6.4 ft) tall, typically with hundreds of maroon sunflowerlike flower heads.
Run-ins are almost always made by heels, typically to further a feud with a face.
In the 1880s, the International Electrical Congress, now the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC), approved the volt for electromotive force.
Consumers can eat other living things or dead material.
His older, dutiful brother who has worked without reward for his father resents the fuss made over the prodigal son.
The common names for aldehydes are not always the official names.
The medal was approved under General Order 11, dated April 3, 1863.
It was produced by Barry Josephson and Paul Brooks and was directed by Greg Berlanti.
）2007年1号（創刊号）連載到2008年24号，共42話，單行本全5集。
这解决了电话电报闭塞的最大的问题。
Black Knight then shows up and warns Shield Knight to escape, but she tells him she must destroy the amulet even if she must die doing it.
When it was first invented, not many people were interested in it.
The band started shoot the music video in October 13. The video premiered on November 3, 2008.
O'Grady died on 8 February 2021 in Dublin, aged 66.
No one was killed and there was no damage.
Its canine wear is similar to other Miocene apes.
Akşamları genellikle sıcak yemekler servis edilir.
The official closing ceremony was held the following Wednesday, after being postponed from Tuesday due to rain.
This contains some of the oldest known dinosaur and archosaur remains.
Scientists believe that the rings are material left after a moon broke apart.
，首度奪得桂冠，並成功實現「超级全满贯」 citation 。
Nickel is made from its sulfide by heating it in air.
Carol Ann Laverne Morris (born April 8, 1936) is an American actress, model and beauty queen.
When Poland regained her independence in 1918, there was no central institution to serve in the capacity of a national library.
He is best known for his role as the bartender, Isaac Washington, in the 1970s TV series The Love Boat.
The Shire of Strabogie is based in Euroa.
"Bon Appétit" was certified gold in the US for sales and streams of 500,000 copies.
She was blacklisted by the Hollywood movie studios in the 1950s.
Boeing then started making the other types of -200.
Nanglo is also being used for cultural purposes.
The town of Peterborough later grew into a city on July 1, 1905.
隨着人類繼續繁衍，靈魂受制於肉體，光明分子無法擺脫暗魔的禁錮。
They bow to him.
Robinson, Jackie, p. 11. Other sources think that Robinson was not interested in academics, and was behind on class work at the time he left UCLA.
'nde oy vermeye çağıran Erkin Koray “Mevcut iktidarın ülkemizi ne hale getirdiği ortada.
It had 2,987 members in 2013.
In the second round of the presidential elections in Crimea in 1994, Meshkov won 72.9% and was elected only president of the republic.
He was the chairman of the Illinois chapter of the BBP and the deputy chairman of the national BPP.
In later periods these developed into Christmas carols as we know them.
这就是芬兰城堡独特的地方：城堡不仅仅是一座博物馆，它也是一个生机勃勃的社区。
'da verdiği bir röportajda rolü şöyle yorumladı, "Rolü kendimce geliştirmeye çalıştım.
Yaşlandıkça, tohumları ateşle açılana kadar depolayan küçük foliküller geliştirirler.
萊特與奈特莉在2005年就曾在《
Her pen names were Saimdang, Inimdang, Imdang, Imsajae.
当时的阿尔巴尼亚闭关锁国，在全国范围内大建碉堡，变成了与世隔绝的“
The Romans developed the town when it was called Aquae Arnemetiae (or the spa of the goddess of the grove).
，墮胎已經成為政治和法律方面的議題，其中反墮胎運動支持者試圖制定、維持和擴大法律對墮胎的禁止，而墮胎權支持者試圖廢除或放寬這些法律，同時減少墮胎的機會。
Her movie roles include in The Second Coming of Suzanne (1974), Fantasy Island (1978), Just You and Me, Kid (1979), The Runnin' Kind (1989), Lisa (1990), Defending Your Life (1991) and Dr. Jekyll and Ms. Hyde (1995).
Villa graduated from high school in 1998.
Quirinus was originally most likely a Sabine god.
'da 2.5-2.7 GHz aralığında WiMAX standart ağı kuran ilk Rusya kuruluşudur.
大連弥生高等女学校，是大连处于日本殖民政府统治时期的一所女子學校。
It was Pacific Southwest Airlines' first fatal accident.
The British gained control of both states 1889 and 1892.
Linda Purl (born September 2, 1955) is an American actress and singer.
She wrote several successful comedies.
靛族染料，比如中性蓝BNL、分散黄5G、分散橙GG、分散黄GC、活性棕K-B3Y。
He wrote: "The system is broke, broken, and about to get a whole lot worse.
However, Cai Lun developed another form of paper, which is used today.
In 2007, 3541 people lived there.
However, some old names still resist today, such as Garret Hostel Lane which was named after Garret Hostel.
His autobiography, "Reminiscences of an American Composer and Pianist", was released in 2009 by Scarecrow Press.
However, in the 1930s, this program received public support and some state funding.
State officials later blamed a button pushed in error during a shift change at the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency for the false first message.
It is the seat of the Diocese of Vic.
This frog sheds the skin cells on the very outside of its body.
如果年底時他們有所盈收，都要交由主教來照顧貧困者。
Her uncle became her new guardian.
儼誑領軍厙狄伏連曰：「奉勑令軍收士開。
New girls apply for a spot in the group whenever auditions are held.
Fra Angelico never wanted to be important, and even though he was so talented he never put himself above other people.
Many people say that this concert was the greatest musical concert in history.
Rex then confronts Breach and makes her open a portal back to the real world by destroying her toys, escaping with the Aquania blueprint.
The bank wanted to provide loans for reconstruction and development, but if they lent out too much, there would be less trust in the bank.
田晓鹏不希望影片画面像游戏炫目，
He won the World Cup (1990), the Olympic Games (1992) and the World Championships (1987, 1989).
Pek çok çizgi." tavsiyesinde bulundu.
There is one other airport named "Düsseldorf Express Airport, Mönchengladbach", but that is only a continental airport and has only a few lines, mostly private jets.
In about 1860, he was measured by a Dr. Virchow as being 7'3.4" (222 cm) tall.
The other groups work in law, money, information, and public actions.
'in besteleri günümüzde hâlâ icra edilmektedir.
The modern fracturing technique, called 'horizontal slickwater fracturing', was first used in 1998.
During the 1940s Delbrück developed a course in bacteriophage genetics at the Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory to encourage interest in the field.
In 2013, about 3,554 people lived there.
Smith or smithy refers to the hammering onto the metal using an anvil to support the work.
This is when an animal has a pale body and a dark face, ears, feet and tail.
She is believed to be the first emanation of Bythos.
League Rookie of the Year".
Zheng Xiaoqiong (Chinese: 郑小琼') is a Chinese poet.
It is the most famous type of sea scorpion, although it was far from the largest.
With the circle, the function would not be strictly monotonic, but constant.
Her stories are about murders and finding out who did them.
The Czech Republic plays Japan on 13 March.
Like in Florida, many of these poor defendants did not get fair trials because they did not have a lawyer's help.
Hence, the firm will be producing an output of Q in the diagram.
The High Speed Train's ATP was also off.
He also served as the Secretary of State for Justice and Lord High Chancellor from 2017 to 2018, Leader of the House of Commons and Lord President of the Council from 2016 to 2017 and Minister of State for Europe from 2010 to 2016.
，將親近可憐的男主角視為危險人物。
Chapter 1: Epidemiology of Type 1 Diabetes.
，这意味着大多数指令从堆栈中获取它们的操作数，并将结果放回堆栈上面。
According to the police officer, the accident indeed took place near Raalte on the N348 between Raalte and Deventer, but not on the location where the 66.6 kilometre marker currently is, but near the 60.0 kilometre marker.
The single has also been certified double platinum in Australia and Canada, and platinum in New Zealand.
A weapon shot is where a wrestler takes a weapon and strikes their opponent with it.
ASUN Conference (January 29, 2021).
Claude Monet met Boudin and learnt that the only way to "capture" the way that a landscape looked at a particular time was to paint small pictures, very quickly, and without bothering to mix the paints up to make nice smooth even colours.
The population was estimated at 31,398 in 2017.
In 1943, she found that many Americans thought that "Silent Night" was an American popular tune.
Then the oil is reused.
Because the Cordillera Septentrional is close to the coast, rivers in this province are short.
In international cricket, the boundaries of the field are about convert or more from the center of the field.
It also splits powers both between the federal and state levels and between the legislative (law-making), executive (government), and judicial (courts) branches.
The extra glucose going through the kidneys causes more urine to be created.
The Naf River's average depth is convert and maximum depth is convert.
Oxford Dictionary of National Biography He left Woodside School at the age of twelve to enter as a labourer in his father's steelworks.
A 5.0 liter V-8 engine was offered in 1975 which meant that Ford engineers had to redesign much of the car to make it fit.
According to available historical documents, he is the first philosopher known to have written down his studies, Themistius, Oratio 36, § 317 although only one fragment of his work remains.
He writes that colonists felt constantly "threatened by corruption."
Alano-As was also widely spoken.
身高160cm，體重53kg。
Büyük olasılıkla, ebeveynleri daha geniş bir yaşam alanını savunabildikleri için, eşcinsel çiftlerin yavrularının daha fazlası, farklı cinsten ebeveynleri olanlara oranla yetişkinliğe ulaşmaktadır.
'Slipher's redshifts as support for de Sitter's model and the discovery of the dynamic universe' In Origins of the Expanding Universe: 1912–1932.
The plane had several generals on board to assume wartime duties.
Birçok dil ve halk edebiyatı seminer, sempozyum ve kongresine katılan Nimetullah Hafız, derleme ve seçki alanında da çalışmalar yapmıştır.
Thief II: The Metal Age is a 2000 stealth video game developed by Looking Glass Studios and published by Eidos Interactive.
It cannot be made or destroyed.
They allow a lower dose of the vaccine to be given.
This is a widespread and cosmopolitan family found mostly in subtropical and tropical regions, although many species belong in cool temperate regions.
Richard I of Normandy (933–996), also known as Richard the Fearless (French, Sans Peur), was the "
High-quality spectral data showed that Teide 1 had kept the initial lithium amount of the original molecular cloud from which Pleiades stars formed.
國家穩定後，般度五子決定退休，
The other clubs are semi-professional.
She was re-elected in 2002 and again in 2006 and 2010.
This means "Victorious Land over the Four Islands."
It was first sold by itself, or combined with Shrek the Third.
They are starting to become a tourist attraction, in part due to the conflict.
Frank Stenton, Anglo-Saxon England, Oxford University Press, 1971, p. 330 But in 919 Edward brought her back to Wessex.
He was appointed Minister of Justice when a Labour Party government was formed by Johan Nygaardsvold in 1935.
Wilberforce retired in 1986, after 13 years of loyal service.
He had three children with Smith.
Surpassing other leading property professionals including CBRE and JLL, Savills Vietnam was recognized as Vietnam’s Best Property Consultancy and Best Real Estate Agency at the prestigious Asia Pacific Property Awards.
So people could cycle all the way across the city and never have to go on a busy road.
When Congress set the southern border of the Kansas Territory as the 37th parallel, they thought that the Osage southern border was also the 37th parallel.
İtfaiyeciler ve diğer çalışanlar binanın üst katlarında hapsolmuş insanları bularak onları yakın çatılardan tahliye ettiler.
在這圓柱列中的一根柱子上面確實有被發現到提及关于祂的建築贊助方所題之一段獻詞。
These ideas are about the thought that events stay in place over a period of time.
Koly is happy and agrees to marry him.
Designers are people who make things.
Commercial distribution of packaged raw milk is not allowed in most US states.
Sandgaard also founded Sandgaard Capital, a private family office and investment firm, and Sandgaard Foundation.
This life span is commonly referred to as the Plasma TV half-life, as it is the number of hours over which the Plasma TV will lose approximately half of its brightness.
夕不欲离左右，复赐斗牛、蟒衣、玉带，眷赉绸叠，一时左右无与比者。”
Beyinden gonadlara gönderilen çeşitli hormonal sinyaller sonucu çocuğun vücudu yavaş yavaş gelişmeye başlar.
'nde bağımsız rejim yürürlüğe girdi.
These medications are often used in combination with either an NSAID or colchicine for the first 3–6 months.
Priscilla Cooper’s mother was Mary Fairlee Cooper.
It features many video game characters from different series.
Pages 144-145 Shorthand notes of the Ljubo Milos case, p. 292-293.
She is very strong and she likes to fight.
The MacMillan Company.
The check would definitely have led the workers to find out the cracks.
圣若望皇家修道院（Monasterio de San Juan de los Reyes）
After Daschle lost his election, Rouse later became Chief of Staff for then-Senator Obama.
Paula even rapes a young man.
）新墟村的女子李茂女被殺害，其丈夫張敬甫涉案被捕 citation 。
It is said that when he drank from the grail, he was surrounded by light and ascended to heaven.
Manhattan is the main city of the Manhattan metropolitan area.
The mirror was not curved right.
This was Milla Jovovich's first movie.
Kekkonen became the Interior Minister in 1937, and he then tried to ban the fascist party IKL.
On the other hand, the words stench, reek, and stink are used specifically to describe unpleasant odors.
In Father of the Pride, the Secret Garden encompasses residences for the main characters and their families and public areas ranging from the community bar to a school classroom.
Barbra Streisand'ı bu konser turunda çok sayıda önemli kişiler de izlemiştir.
He tried hard to understand how the needle could seem to move itself so that it always pointed north.
The line could serve around 400,000 houses, and lower the time needed for travel to the city by up to 40 minutes.
Lava domes are formed when erupting lava is too thick to flow and makes a steep-sided mound as the lava piles up near the volcanic vent.
A 6-year-old boy was killed as a passenger in a vehicle that was struck by the plane after it skidded into the street.
The word amplifier (sometimes called an amp) usually refers to an electronic amplifier.
Apollo 6 was a space flight launched on April 4, 1968.
En unutulmaz sanatçısının üyeleri, 2005'te bazı canlanma konserleri için tekrar toplandı ve hala birlikte çalışıyor.
The Royal Dutch Football Association said it would take away Fortuna Sittard's license to play in the 2010–11 season.
Tagore is known around the world for his Gitanjali ("Song Offerings"), his best-known collection, which won him his Nobel Prize.
In the surviving maps, this bird had a curved beak, a long, sharp claw in the shape of a bird of prey, and was considered a help to farmers on the arid farms of the south.
İç kısmı resimlerle kaplı olan bu silindir döndürüldüğünde hareketli bir görüntü meydana gelir.
See, for example Teeyapant R, Woerdenbag HJ, Kreis P, Hacker J, Wray V, Witte L, Proksch P. (1993) Antibiotic and cytotoxic activity of brominated compounds from the marine sponge Verongia aerophoba.
In predicate logic it is the mathematics of calculating the path of the ball that determines your action.
“How Not to Fall in Love with a Soldier” & “I Lost the Baby”, Fall, 2010.
The Teacher did reply;---
』2017年21號 - 連載中、既刊5卷）
She won the Prix Femina for her novel Cold Comfort Farm.
Leigh had several siblings.
She often has to deal with House's rudeness and sometimes illegal actions.
FA Cup'ın statüsü tek maç usulü eleme şeklindedir.
He was one of the inventors of the Berlekamp–Welch and the Berlekamp–Massey algorithms.
白文珂（875年－954年），字德温，
In a single-action revolver, the hammer is manually cocked.
A single beam spectrophotometer measures the relative light intensity of the beam before and after a test sample is inserted.
He is a cruel king and a pirate who will stop at nothing to get his hands on the enchanted car.
Milot from the gates of the Sans-Souci Palace.
When President Childers died suddenly in 1974, all parties agreed to nominate Ó Dálaigh for the post.
他批評有關措施「不切實際」，要求直接現金補助 。
This too proved she was not a member of the royal family and also increased the likelihood that she was Schanzkowska.
，main的主要來源是《main》及英國的《
It crossed the Florida peninsula that night, causing an issue of several severe thunderstorm and tornado warnings.
Males of the larger species are often brightly coloured.
He has also been a supporting character in The Avengers comics.
It was restored in 1989 by the Royal Mews carriage restorers.
Amfibik kullanım için ise sürücünün özel eğitimden geçirilmesi gerekiyordu.
; others have symptoms that are not very bad, and others have very bad symptoms.
The first novels were written more than three hundred years ago.
Athletic shoes, depending on the location and the actual type of footwear, can also go by the name trainers (
平原斑馬體型中等規模，腿相對較短。
Mary's violent life finally made even her Catholic helpers lose their support.
After each event, the winning conference is given points.
After a spot of therapy Cruella De Vil is released from prison a changed woman.
They have two daughters, Camila (born on 17 March 2016) and Alexa (born on 14 October 2017).
缙绅贤士，以至山人墨客，皆加礼焉。
大将（2018年－2019年 citation ）
The maned wolf usually lives alone.
In the 1980s it was made longer to join the southern exit at Launceston which connects to the Midland Highway.
历任湖南省计划委员会财贸处干部、农业处副处长、农经处处长，主任助理，副主任等职。
龍溪發電廠的整體工程內容包括壓力鋼管隧道、先期道路工程及後續的主體廠房及壓力鋼管線路配置等，並且，
The population was 317 in 1900.
Sometimes this disease is mistaken for a viral infection because the symptoms are similar.
Line 3 is 18.1 km long with 17 stations.
In 2001, Everett participated in a philosophical vacation on which he was not alllowed to write or speak for religious reasons.
Bu çalışmalar o dönem ihtiyaç duyulmayan Perekop şaftını da etkilemiştir.
有些小巴用车大一些，有时也叫 。
He was very devoted to what he did, and always looked for the word that would best fit the context.
The player taps obstacles or enemies to send multiple Kirbys towards them.
The late Devonian extinction was one of five major extinction events in the history of the Earth.
，恰好此时宫中有鹊来巢，以为祥兆。
Relative permeability is the permeability of the material divided by the permeability of free space ( ).
Japan Transport Safety board.
According to her, some of the things that soldier did were stalking her and watching her take a shower.
，送了一桶給物理學家，從此成了油漆大亨。
与施密特一样，她认为中央情报局在打击恐怖袭击方面处于独一无二的位置，因此决定向联邦调查局隐瞒情报。
She finally graduated in 1920.
，他有着致命的外线能力、不可思议的篮球视角、良好的防守意识，还有一手诡异非正统从下往上抛投（俗称抛西瓜、端尿盆）但命中率颇高的罚球技术，生涯總計89.
Along the coast, the island has steep cliffs with lots of holes made by rough waves.
He is also a figure of the Counter-Enlightenment.
A baby red-necked wallaby, called a joey, lives in the mothers pouch for 9 months, and continues to feed from the mother till about 12–15 months of age.
In other words, a person in a higher income category has to pay a larger percentage of their income in taxes.
Lots of different kinds of animals that live in the sea are called lobsters.
The Norwegian Sea is a transition zone between boreal and Arctic conditions.
Although it is easy for a computer to quickly figure out what machine code means, it is hard for a programmer.
缸砖路”因路面用特制的缸砖铺成而得名。
、深色坡屋顶、土陶色实体立面的形象特征。
雅1:6、11、23，3:3-5 ，喜用具体的例证 雅2:2-4、15、16 ，
Then, with the new waves of white men settling in the West, the Government wanted to drive Nez-Perces away from their territory.
The show was liked by critics, but the ending made many fans angry.
他又指，政黨總不能天天聽人說好話，即使某些方面表現好，還是會因另一些原因被罵，他認為這也不是壞事。
This means that the particle can only have special energy values and cannot have the energy values in between.
由延壽提出學佛的重要問題，邀請「教門」
Ashiq joins poetry, storytelling, dance and vocal and instrumental music.
The first march written under the new pen name was "Holyrood".
該機構以最先進的船載聲納測量涵蓋2500公里長度的海床，揭露未經探勘的海底地形。
In April 2019, he released the song "Welcome to the Party".
Many children around the world live in poor conditions.
希格斯玻色子最终在2013年3月14日确认存在。
After two years with the Hamburger SV (1980-1982) he played till 1983 again with Cosmos.
's Vice President in the 1860 presidential election.
He was added to the Finnish Hockey Hall of Fame in 1986.
She married a soldier named William Stafford without her family's permission.
İlk sözlü bölüm bittikten sonra dans başlar.
It is also known as Epic Greek.
They are almost always multi-staged.
This means "according to the whole".
It is at 50° 56 North, 04° 22 East.
，因為與小田氏有親戚關係而被警戒，派遣家臣小野崎通鄉、江戶通高並留下。
Buses, and modern services vehicle are served in this city, also in air transportation, The "General Santos International Airport", stylized named as "General Santos City Airport".
⑤521路东岐定时班车在7:10、10:40、13:40、15:40由红旗环岛客运站发往东岐村，并原路返回。
Troops are storming the weakened castle.
In April 2020, NBC left the channel and sold its share to Media Globe Networks.
Rooks start at the far left and far right squares in the row closest to each player, next to the knights.
He played M & O Blues and Future Blues.
Or maybe the true meaning of life is to live it completely how you want to, then find out the meaning of it at the end.
Arthur Bryce Courtenay AM (14 August 1933 – 22 November 2012) was a South African-Australian novelist and one of Australia's most commercially successful authors.
Some of them still continue to be important.
在发动机转速升高时，重块由于离心而绕销轴转过一定角度，带动断电器凸轮相对分电器转轴改变一定的相角，从而改变点火提前角。
Several weapons, ornaments, seals and workshops were also found.
It quickly strengthened into Subtropical Storm Jerry later that morning while remaining far from land.
The company's slogan is "World's Best HD Porn Site!"
Miss Ophelia tries, but fails.
Usually, only two government agencies can add or remove drugs from a Schedule.
根据2017–18赛季世界杯的结果，美国队在短道速滑项目上获得以下席位 citation ：
It is like making an educated guess.
The merger became on 1 January 2009, creating the third largest municipality of Switzerland by area.
One of them was "Do Me!"
He was an important painter in the time of the Renaissance.
Halen Hagopyan'ın Onursal Başkanı olduğu bir hayır kurumu Ermenistan'da pediatrik onkoloji ve hematolojinin gelişimini desteklemek için oluşum sürecindedir.
She was the mother of Prince William of Gloucester and Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester.
校徽与厦门大学一致，其特定的内涵，简要说明如下：
They released their final studio album Immersion with the live band on 21 May 2010.
Jabbi is a scenic hill station in the suburbs of Jarral.
No one knows how to share the road.
George goes to Nico's apartment and she discovers an address inside the clown's nose for the costume shop where it was purchased.
Curling brooms or brushes are used to sweep the ice in front of the stone when it is sliding.
Hunter has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters.
's most dangerous jobs.
Sir Galahad's mother is also possibly Elaine Of Configure.
There are cave paintings, rock carvings and archaeological sites.
Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences (October 14, 2019).
当时耶鲁的一众教授对此挑战作出相对应的措施。
The current office of the Vice President was re-established under the 1987 Constitution.
After a while, Luffy made bandits angry, so they threw him into the sea.
All seventy-five were lost.
He played 50 matches and shot 14 goals.
In Quebec in 1989, the provincial NDP and the federal NDP decided to separate.
據報導，2010年9月“住房優先計劃”顯著減少了馬薩諸塞州波士頓的長期露宿者的人口，儘管露宿者的家庭數量仍在增加。
In it, she will be seen in a new character.
In December, they recorded four songs, which were to appear later as "An Ideal For Living".
莱昂·索尼厄特列举出了克里奥秋葵浓汤的主要种类，并描述了一些与浓汤有关的家庭传统。
The so-called Mixture Organ (or Blockwerk) still sounded several pitches at once.
SIAM Journal on Scientific Computing, 18(1), 1-22.
在五軍之戰，比爾博又因魔戒而免於受害，但卻被石塊砸暈，他依然在隱身狀態下，導致戰後比爾博的同伴難以尋找他。
If anyone would have interfered on Orton's behalf, he would have automatically lost the title.
His artwork became well known around the world.
The gradual changes in belief through time shape the concept of Bhuvaneswari and express how the different Goddesses, though very different in personality, all carry the power of the universe on their shoulders.
It surrounds Greyfriars Kirk in the Old Town.
Simon was married five times.
Widmore, Siyahlı Adam'ın adayı terk etmesini engellemek için geldiğini ve eğer bunu engelleyemezse tüm insanların yok olacağını açıklar.
He is the author or co-author of 20 books and the editor or co-editor of another 20 volumes.
This often means looking inside the body for medical reasons with an endoscope.
In 1855, Greenwood County was created.
Neo is called to see the Oracle.
She played for Benetton Rugby Treviso.
He was also the captain of the Great Britain athletics team between 1965 and 1966.
The characters created by Tobin "Ted" Wolf.
二零零四年三月，Shoplet.
This was changed because Volition though that the third-person view would be better because the player would be able to see more of the environment.
Nevertheless, details about MacGuffins below will describe Hitchcock's point of view.
There is a maritime anchor under the word "HOPE".
Construction of the Tseung Kwan O Line was approved on 18 August 1998 to serve new housing developments.
Bu çaba Yang ve Mills’in çalışmaları ile 1950'lerde başladı, 1960'lar boyunca Martinus Veltman ile devam etti, 1970'lerde Gerard 't Hooft, Frank Wilczek, David Gross ve David Politzer çalışmalarıyla tamamlandı.
Otto of Wittelsbach, Prince of Bavaria is chosen King.
Eddowes' body was found in Mitre Square, in the City of London, three-quarters of an hour after Stride's.
Organizations outside China have noticed Liu's human rights work and given him awards.
So the movie was instead released unrated in ten U.S. theaters for one week.
Because Paschal drew the purple rock, he was eliminated and became the sixth jury member.
Moai are sometimes called "heads" but they do have shoulders, arms, and a body but these are usually too small for the head, also some of the best known ones had been partly buried over the years and only the heads were showing.
Albert Parsons’ın tutuklanmasını takiben The Alarm'ın yayınını 1892-1893 döneminde devam ettirdi.
When he said he would pay her she asked if he would give her $8,000 and he said yes.
At Klamath Lake in southern Oregon, Frémont's party was attacked by about twenty Native Americans on the night of March 6, 1846.
The Po river view from Torino.
They usually do not offer courses in practical trades.
Ocak 2016'da ek 200GbE hedefleri eklendi.
Stone sphere created by the Diquis culture in the National Museum of Costa Rica.
The shorthand Abby was used for several Atlantic hurricanes in the 1960s.
It is on the River Dee.
AOL later acquired Mirabilis, the creators of ICQ.
In 1981, RKO was revived under the name RKO Pictures Inc. In 1989, it was sold to new owners.
But an article in a journal called Suicide & Life-Threatening Behavior, written in 2012, says that SRAs are often not done, and that many mental health care workers have little or no training in how to do a suicide risk assessment.
It is named in both languages in different bibliography, according to the bilingual "statu quo" in different historic moments in Catalonia.
There are several mountains, or parts of mountains, in the province.
珠超賽季結束後，又替台北市隊贏得海峽五人制足球超級聯賽冠軍 citation 。
從周邊地區尋獲的隕石超過1,500顆，其中最大的質量重約300磅（135公斤），但主坑的挖掘證實底下還沒有發現隕石，而且可能根本就沒有。
His government fell because the two ministers withdrew their support.
Gordon reached its secondary peak of 105 mph (165 km/h) on the morning of September 19, before weakening again.
自1992年以来，海淀区与四大洲10个国家的14个市和区签署了正式文件，并建立了友好城市关系。
If Pauli's exclusion principle did not exist, then everything in the universe would look the same, like a roughly uniform and dense "soup".
Özellikle ünlü animatör Nina Chorina ile yakın arkadaşlığı vardır.
然而同是法國海軍對手的義大利，認為敦克爾克級破壞原本地中海的平衡。
A ROM is an example of a star topology.
The idea that a place is sacred often comes from something that has happened at the place, or a religious story about that place.
二战期间的战略轰炸自1939年9月1日德国入侵波兰时即已开始。
With 4,493 career wins, including nine Epsom Derby victories, he is widely regarded as one of the greatest flat racing jockeys of all time.
频哪醇偶联反应通常以同分子偶联为主，也可发生分子内交叉偶联反应。
The same prime number can be used several times, as in the example with 12 above.
The present standing of the theory of sexual selection.
In 1523, Cardinal Medici was elected pope.
He also helps carry out the council policies, develops programs and budgets to respond to council goals, and makes sure that people get effective and efficient city services.
Gee, how many times have we seen that scenario play itself out before?
The Committee to Protect Journalists has reported that as of 1 December 2010, 145 journalists were imprisoned around the world for reporting the news.
Alman ordusu, 21 Mayıs 1940'ta kuzeye dönerek torbanın içindeki müttefik birliklerinin deniz bağlantısını kesmeye çalışır.
Unrau p. 318 1924年的航行季僅維持了三個月， Hahn, Boatmen p. 79 洪水以後便停止了。
MAMA另外也為此表示，若再次發現舞弊情況，將在確認後採取刪除不當投票、切斷IP、永久刪除會員帳號等強烈措施予以應對 citation 。
The development of Greater Noida is managed by the Greater Noida Industrial Development Authority (GNIDA).
Ebi Hattab el-Batırvani, Ebi Abdullah el-Hüseyin bin Ahmet el-Neabi ve Talha bin Muhammed el-Zeynebi gibi birçok alimden ders aldı.
，其肌肉呈白色，其線粒體及肌红蛋白更少。
When playing in concerts he was often given a tune, and then he would immediately make up a large work from that tune.
If the red and green lights are on together, the wall will look yellow.
Productivity will grow, but there will be obstacles.
It helps to tell about the danger of fire from liquids.
Both the NWA World Heavyweight and World Tag Team Championships were competed for in TNA on May 13, 2007 when the Executive Director of NWA, Robert Trobich announced that the agreement between TNA and NWA had ended.
Placodonts were mostly between convert in length, up to a maximum convert long.
它可由和相应硫酸盐类似的方法来制备，但需要注意到硒酸具有的氧化性，如硫化亚铁和稀硒酸反应，
若果有客人相中其中一位私鐘妹，則向馬伕接洽。
When people talk about lobsters, most of the time they mean clawed lobsters.
Part of his life he spent in Venice and Rome.
İki kapıdan birinin üstünde, Glendinning göre alt katta, Çorba İçen İki İhtiyar bulunuyordu.
，除了戰事造成的傷亡外，臺灣的氣候及衛生等問題亦造成了大量人員損失，故日本赤十字社於後派遣醫生及護士等救護人員來談從事救護工作，並在同年6月設立「日本赤十字社台北委員部」。
Three years later, on July 1, 1964, the activity was redesignated the Washington Navy Yard.
He has also been romantically linked to Fish Leong.
，她表示在看完廣告後很感動 。
，他要求安德烈耶夫对自己的言论做出解释。
It was mainly active during the 18th and 19th centuries.
一般地说一国总是针对自己直接、强劲的竞争对手加强保护主义政策，而对其他国家则适当放松。
Peabody Museum of Natural History, among others.
It was first built in its current version in 1884.
Some of his work still survives today, more so than in the case of any other Presocratic philosopher.
，成為新竹地區的交通樞紐之一，公路交通地位重要。
Baekje was the first to take the Han river.
詹姆斯所到之處，都致力改善當地衛生條件及弱勢族群的環境與飲食，
Lehigh Üniversitesi'nde Doktora yaptı.
"The Aztec Palace Under Spanish Rule."
Well, the way is through secession, where you could stay home and be where you want to be.”
On 6 November 1986, Manchester United appointed Ferguson as their manager.
He has been married to Gabriele Scholz since 1973.
Weight loss is when a person weighs less than before.
道明發現廣亮神情憂鬱，似乎對玉環動情…濟公將一切看在眼裡！
He was also involved in the car trade.
Jeanne de Valois-Saint-Rémy, self proclaimed "Comtesse de la Motte" (22 July 1756 – 23 August 1791) was a known French thief.
在動畫的第二輯中，當眾人變身的時候，她不能變身成為Sailor Moon。
The population was 716 at the 2000 census.
This one is a map by Martin Waldseemüller (15th century).
Dönem Erzurum Milletvekili ve 47. Hükûmet Enerji ve Tabii Kaynaklar Bakanıdır.
备兵海南时，恩威兼济，兵民爱之”。
Translated from the German by Isabel Cole.
Shlomo Aronson (1936 21 February 2020) was an Israeli historian and political scientist.
而关于士毛月马来文名(Semenyih) 的来源据说是源于森美兰马来语方言，字面意思是隐藏。
One of the appearances of his popularity is his commitment with the legalisation of the consumption of marijuana or cannabis.
Episode 37 On January 1, 2010, the host site was sold, the SModcasts were removed and a dedicated site was started.
The revival began on December 12, 2011.
Special Publications, Geological Society of London 190, 205–221.
元均（478年－529年7月12日），字世平，
The young man was the Báb, and he invited Mullá Ḥusayn to his home.
He began working in Bureau of Naval Weapons.
A whirlpool is a swirling body of water.
After the conviction, Evans was released by United at the end of the season.
The Netherlands ordered its army to get ready in September 1939.
之後，佩芮找回了《花漾年华》時期的製作團隊，
The Living Museum, 68(1): 8-13 and his work been called "surprising and prophetic".
On 7 March 2015, Senior Minister of Stage for Transport Janil Puthucheary said that there will be a new station called Hume, to be built between the already open stations of Hillview and Beauty World.
Nat recorded hundreds of songs.
Kulüp hâlen Sakarya Süper Amatör Ligi'nde mücadele etmektedir.
The National Symphony Orchestra, the Washington National Opera, and the Washington Ballet are all inside the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts.
The California grizzly bear was much like the Kodiak bear of the southern coast of Alaska.
Along with the impression that the island gives with its architecture, for centuries the church received many gifts and now it is a type of gallery and treasury of various objects.
In the 2010s, bachata music became popular because of Prince Royce and Romeo Santos.
在其他领域他也有贡献，包括弹性，振动，传热和结晶学。
，而這條橋也是他的最後一個工程。
The pooled PEs can then be concatenated together into virtual disk partitions called logical volumes or LVs.
Explosives were lit, but torrential rain suddenly started, extinguishing the fuses.
Diğer bir deyişle; diğer çerçevedeki elektrik alan, yükler in kaynağının belirli dağılımına değil, yalnızca elektrik alanın ilk çerçevedeki o noktadaki yerel değerine bağlıdır.
Vigie-Cratère is part of Vigie-Ciel.
The City of Pasadena has recognized Robinson in several ways.
The series focuses on themes of love and family, Sakura and her friends, and their different relationships.
The group's intention was to reform art by rejecting what they considered to be the 'mechanistic approach'.
They were a lot better than the others.
'ın felsefeleriyle etkileşim içindeki, oldukça sıkı mantık bağlantılarıyla kurulu dil felsefesinin bir özetidir.
They are different from earthquakes followed by a series of aftershocks by the fact that no single earthquake in the sequence is obviously the main shock, therefore none have notably higher magnitudes than the other.
If these do not work, sometimes medicines are also needed.
In one episode he entered Lisa in a beauty contest so she could feel better about herself.
Otherwise, it is called biased.
All songs written and composed by Frank Ocean.
光芒歷年來在主場的開幕戰戰績為4勝6敗，在客場則為2勝3敗 。
He has a wife named Valerie E. Hoard.
On the rear passenger seat is Reporter.
园艺以种植油棕树和橡胶树为主，主要供应国内其他地区甚至出口到国外；同时为当地居民提供大量就业机会，从业者以印度人居多。
That job is done by a Town Clerk or Chief Executive, who is appointed to a full-time paid job.
同义单核苷酸多态性（SNP）并不影响蛋白质序列，而非同义单核苷酸多态性（SNP）则会改变蛋白质的氨基酸序列。
，讓黑人有勇氣當黑人，恢復黑人在神面前的尊嚴。
The 1804 Snow hurricane affected certain areas of New England.
He went on to star in a British and Irish movie and stage production in the late 1990s and early 2000s.
He then named many tournaments and other events that had been cancelled.
It has a different storyline and even some characters except for Dev and Radhika which are played by Avinash Sachdev and Rubina Dilaik respectively.
She was also told that only one of them would be evicted.
The Japanese regarded the Chinese, Koreans and Europeans as an inferior race that should be crushed and exploited.
In 2001 there were 1230 people living in Gosforth.
The Order of Canada was set up in 1967 by Queen Elizabeth II, to reward service to Canada.
It's very important that the skin around the anus is completely dry before the patients gets dressed.
She is established prominent young poet of a new generation in Croatia, and most awarded young author in recent Croatian history, often called to be a literary sensation.
The New South Wales company had taken over the Victorian chain in the 1980s but had not changed the shop names (and in fact rebranded existing Woolworths stores as Safeway).
He was the son of the Spanish Captain Don Miguel de Olmedo y Troyano and the Guayaquilean Ana Francisca de Maruri y Salavarría.
This style is the "Mi Fu" style uses large wet dots of ink.
On the fire-damp of coal mines, and on methods of lighting the mines so as to prevent its explosion.
The meltdown reactors are in the smaller domes with rounded tops.
She played Eve in the 1997 independent drama movie Eve's Bayou.
雖然這張單曲銷量不是十分理想，但是《MANPY的G★SPOT》在多次歌迷在投票南方之星最受歡迎的歌曲中，都位居前列。
The Beatles made thirteen albums and twenty-six singles together.
The World War I Victory Medal is a service medal of the United States military which was first created in 1919, designed by James Earle Fraser.
第二天早上，Elean看到這些木柵後撤退。
Although Pompey had a larger army, he knew that Caesar's troops were more experienced, and might win in a pitched battle.
坦斯托爾的搭檔則是一個叫亞歷山大·麥斯威恩（Alexander McSween）的著名律師。
For time, the difference between the smallest limit of time, the Planck time, and the next order of magnitude is larger than 10.
Ogonowski roused himself before dawn on September 11, moving quietly in the dark to avoid waking his wife, Peg, or their three daughters.
The series starts with Aang being accidentally freed by Katara and Sokka.
Note that this rule does not apply if a defensive player taps the ball, and it goes beyond the half-court line, and the offensive player retrieves it in the "backcourt".
Technically, "communist state" is a contradictory term. In principle, a communist society is a stateless society.
Bu öykülerin bir tanesinde kanguru, tembel ve açgözlü olduğu için koalanın kuyruğunu keser.
所需的所有建筑设备以及训练有素的操作人员都必须运到岛上。
Deneyim eksikliğinden Grósz cömertçe davrandı ancak partiyi reform etme görevinin karşısında Kádár'ın ustası olduğu uzlaşma ve yönetim becerisinin eksikliğini yaşadı.
； citation 2016年8月，在賴銘琪的安排下，
，清华、北大、南开即将回到天津、北平复校之际，西南联大师生在校址上树立的“国立西南联合大学纪念碑”，以纪念西南联合大学，如今该纪念碑作为国家重点文物保护单位矗立在昆明原联大校址（
There, she received (got) a Pandita and a Sarasvathi Award for her expertise in Sanskrit Poetry.
Reagan nominated George Schultz as the new Secretary of State.
Devon is the fourth largest county in England by area, and has the longest road network of any county in England.
's children and a major antagonist of the series.
This made existing joysticks incompatible with the new interface.
There are several insects given this name.
His first movie role was as Matt in the 1992 movie Leap of Faith.
Section 1. All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside.
This period is described as a "revolution" to show its importance, and the great significance and degree of change brought about to the communities in which these practices were gradually adopted and refined.
新招式「火箭炸彈」讓貝爾受到重創，流血之後顯露殘暴的本性。
Before this, everyone thought that Titan was the biggest moon in the Solar System.
He repassed Berger but Prost was right behind them by now.
Generally, a driver will leave the pits and drive around the track back to the start/finish line.
Brazil took maximum points from the group.
Note taking skills learned in high school are rarely adequate for college.
Pop Art: a continuing history.
When the input is a natural gas, cobalt catalysts are very good for the Fischer-Tropsch process.
Sandal ağacının boyu 4 ila 9 metre arasında değişir.
會議從2013年3月12日開始，經過五輪投票後，在3月13日19時06分，
Dikkat çekici bir hafızası, resmî işleri Vespasian adına yürütecek kadar imparatorluk yönetiminde hatırı sayılır bir etkisi vardı ve görünüşe göre pozisyonunun yardımıyla oldukça iyi para kazanmıştı.
In Denmark, the Danish government is employing the concept of anchoring to increase the number of drivers who are organ donors.
The cereal was invented by William Thilly and was introduced in 1965 as "Apple O's". citation Kellogg's Apple Jacks introduced "Cinnamon Jacks", a multi-grain cinnamon flavored cereal in 2013.
This way of studying real life discourse is called corpus linguistics.
The first team to get all fifteen flags in order wins the Reward.
，撤销广州军区，成立中国人民解放军广州军区善后工作办公室。
雖然此系統己在技術上定義存在，但只有非常少的軟、硬體編解碼器使用。
In the postwar period, the Resistance was supported by politicians within Denmark and there was little effort to closely examine the killings.
There is one black character in the book.
Bazı küçük boyutlu reaktörler nükleer denizaltılar ve gemilerde kullanılır.
He was known as "America's Boy Friend".
He was the bandleader of the Yonrico Scott Band, and later worked with the Royal Southern Brotherhood, with Cyril Neville.
Three days after a devastating explosion of a powder ship on 12 January 1807 in the Dutch town of Leiden.
Getty Research Institute.
After his retirement, Voinovich lived in Cleveland with his wife.
The Madrigals are trying to keep their other family members from being too violent/getting all 39 clues.
Although scalloped hammerheads are said to be harmless towards humans, there has been reports of attacks from this shark.
Japanese casualty figures for the battle were compiled by Sawaichi Hisae for her book Midowei Kaisen: Kiroku p. 550: the list was compiled from Japanese prefectural records and is the most accurate to date.
这些位点就是loxP位点，其两端包含了可以让Cre特异性结合的序列，围绕着一个有方向性的核心序列，而DNA重组就发生在核心序列上。
In their most usual implementation, each user applies to a "certificate authority" for a digital certificate which serves for other users as a correct (
His last words were, "In spite of it all, I am going to sleep; put out the lights."
During the Congress-led UPA Government rule (2004–2014), Tharoor served as Minister of State for External Affairs citation (2009–2010).
Fisher sarayı "çok muhteşem, ancak bir pire ve kir yığını" olarak nitelendirdi.
He sent Secretary of State Colin Powell to the United Nations to show them some of the evidence.
The group which survived into the Triassic, the Cidaroids, radiated into all other modern groups, which are known as the Euechinoids.
，寫成畢業論文。 citation 。
The air about the small bush-covered island is described as being sad and peaceful by visitors.
She constantly is rude to Jimmy and calls him names like "nerdtron".
Positronium can form molecules, like normal atoms.
By about 1900, almost all time on earth was in the form of standard time zones.
靠近其东南端与大汉堡大街的交叉路口。
Only two species, now merged into Asteroidea.
研究显示它可帮助记忆和睡眠、增强免疫细胞的活动、减少艾滋病患者病毒量，甚至可以加速手术后的复原。
He delivered an exposition of his ideas in a lecture on 13 January 1908, about six months before Hardy's paper was published in English.
It was caused when Parliament passed three new laws.
Moon, who taught himself how to play poker, ran a small logging company in the Maryland Panhandle before earning a 2009 World Series seat by winning a $130 satellite tournament.
After World War II, Lamborghini opened a garage in Pieve di Cento.
It is similar to feeling the shape of objects on a table in a dark room: you can draw a picture of the shape even though you did not seen it with your eyes.
After sixteen years in power, Fianna Fáil lost the 1948 election.
"Bana yazdığı hikâyeyi anlattı, kesinlikle güzeldi ve umarım bir gün ya Ripper'ın asıl olması gerektiği gibi TV dizisi şeklinde ya da TV filmi şeklinde yapılır.
The 30 consist of 20 objective questions related to Portuguese Literature and 10 related to foreign language (English, Spanish or French).
该系统除了对UI交互以及图标进行重新设计外，还对系统进行了大幅的精简，其宣称使用16个月后，可以比对手快80%。
The colored bands that are used on the sides of a resistor are black, brown, red, orange, yellow, green, blue, purple, gray, and white.
Peabody is located in the North Shore region of Massachusetts.
為對抗今後未知的逆境，白夜叉返回上層前，將「蛇夫座」借回蕾蒂西亞。
普里斯特利环形山是一座已磨损的圆形撞击坑，南部有一道大月谷。
Selena's cousin, Debra Ramirez, was hired in 1995.
There are also many languages that do not have articles.
'in 1 buçuk yıl öncesine kadar albüm yapma fikrini aklından bile geçirmedi.
DEİK 1986 yılında kurulmuş, 23 Haziran 2008'de ise 5174 sayılı kanunun 58. maddesine dayanan yönetmelikle yeniden yapılanmıştır.
The beginning of the 1950s saw a rapid increase in the number of people, with which the Soviets responded by constructing large-scale housing and palaces in the style of Stalinist architecture.
Boeing did not make a freighter version of the 747–100, but some airlines have turned some 747-100s into freighters.
It was used on many parts which were needed to make the weapon work.
He calls himself an investigative journalist and calls his videos "News for Patriots, Christians and God loving Americans."
On 17 January 1949 a second BSAA G-AGRE "Star Ariel" was lost due to unknown causes between Bermuda and Kingston Jamaica.
This is because, the promotional recordings are not released physically.
） citation 任校长。
That's why flowers play a very important role on Valentine's Day.
It became a monthly magazine starting with its December 1994 issue.
He was the first president of the National Association of Black Journalists (NABJ, 1975 77).
Other people from the same culture would be uncomfortable if anyone saw them naked in the bath.
Schipper has worked as researcher for École française d'Extrême-Orient citation and later taught as directeur de recherche in History of Daoism studies at the École pratique des hautes études in Paris.
She was a judge on the television reality show İşte Benim Stilim from 2015 to 2017.
The law of divorce is different in every country.
伊森隨後親自送貨，同樣被戴維恩劫為人質，大腦裡被植入炸彈膠囊。
、官員貪贓等事件，加上經濟低迷，在7月5日再度以此棺木全臺灣遶境 。
轄區由日之浦山、洞所山、金燈籠山所環繞，中央地區有瀨野川流經，西側臨海田灣，
·特雷纳的首张大型唱片公司专辑《
She is called the "mother of liberation".
印度考古學家V·S·瓦坎卡（V.
Some trees have roots that are above the ground and underground.
，统一指挥浙江省全省的各军分区、县（市）人民武装部、驻浙陆军部队。
Hot 100. It charted moderately on other charts around the world.
奧爾森（Roger E. Olson），679-80 一個人要與上帝建立關係，必須是個人的決定，而不是抽象的推理。
The bosses owned the machines that the workers used to make things, but they didn't help using the machines.
Pilot errors, including bad in-flight choices and bad pre-flight planning, were officially reported as what caused the crash.
The Aldrich family were close friends of Henry L. Pierce, former mayor of Boston and chocolate magnate (he made a lot of money from the chocolate business).
Perdue played quarterback at Warner Robins High School.
This category lists the authors of opera and ballet libretti.
议会的议程由各党派的主席决定。
In November 2011, Hegarty was diagnosed with a "
Joyce Elaine MacKenzie Hassing (born October 13, 1925) is an American retired actress.
She doesn’t want to rely on a rich man, but decides to marry a poor man, Freddy.
影集原計劃於2019年秋季開播 citation 。
These parties have received at least 4% of the national vote in the last German federal election, and are predicted to win seats in this next election.
》的更迭，於2005年連載完結。
Hundreds of dinosaur fossils have been discovered.
It was released in the US on October 4, 2011.
Palance began his career by participating in supporting roles in movies like Panic in the Streets (1950), Sudden Fear (1952), Second Chance (1953).
In Guinea, they rescue a white girl.
The common names for this fish are panda corydoras and panda catfish.
In 2010, 743 people lived there.
They do not meet the public, they examine letters and parcels which have been sent from outside the country, to make sure nothing illegal is being brought into the country.
And I have to sit down and watch everyone fighting because I am dead.
Kim was killed and his cabinet was disbanded.
In modern times, Kiddush is still said in the synagogue Friday night.
She meets other people for the first time.
The area is huge in typical European scale.
On 5 November 2013, the Chief Executive of Hong Kong, CY Leung, has claimed that if no progress are made in a month, there will be sanctions to the Philippines.
Aynı yıl Karawane adlı şiirini yayımlandı.
Bu kürsüdeki görev süresi boyunca, birincisi geometri ve ikincisi optik olmak üzere, büyük öğrenme ve zarafet içeren iki matematiksel çalışma yayınladı.
這種方法比重新輸入所有文案快很多。
Aschenbach tries to get up to help him, but he is too weak to get out of his chair.
The Court had already decided that the right to have a lawyer applied to all people in federal criminal trials; people being tried by the states for rape or murder; and anyone who could pay for a lawyer.
Hayes dated Middlesbrough football player Matthew Bates for several months in 2009.
。 citation 1933年8月1日，由于在第四次反围剿战争中作出卓越贡献，
Anarchists are against capitalism as they think it uses force.
New York Harbor’s Verrazano Narrows Bridge commemorates this journey and his discoveries.
Kamillova is a lawyer.
Poroshenko was the People's Deputy of Ukraine of the 3rd, 4th, 5th, 7th and 9th convocations (1998-2014, since 2019).
From 1985 to 1990, she was a member of The Pandoras.
The hibernation is ended when events in the environment trigger germination.
Because the "text" is very short, and the disc is unique, it is likely that it will not be deciphered.
黎虹（1930年 － ）曾用名李问洋，
Gazetteer, aa For this reason, he is still remembered by people in that area today.
Candy, ölen köpeği ile kaybettiği sorumluluğa yeniden kavuşmak ve George'un yanında kendine yaşlılık günlerinde kalacak bir yer bulabilmek ister.
The females are generally more brightly colored than the males.
Wiley Post and Harold Gatty take off from Roosevelt Field, Long Island in an attempt to accomplish the first round-the-world flight in a single-engine plane.
》社的洪炎秋想夾殺他，結果他還是當選了。
」，其後更當了該影展九年總監。
The United States and Colombian governments saw Escobar as an enemy.
，并取得法律博士学位 citation 。
In 1838, Jean-Louis Taberd wrote a Nôm dictionary that eventually gained general acceptance and wide circulation.
This does not happen often, as boomslangs only bite humans when they feel attacked.
The tenant discovered it while he was digging in an abandoned building.
The offices of the Nobel Foundation are located at Sturegatan 14 in Stockholm.
However, many were made long before then.
He studied the intra- and infrapyramidal mossy fiber (IIPMF) projections in this brain area.
The small size of this species contrasts with the much larger size of Homo erectus.
After the War, many white people still did not see African-Americans as equal to whites.
雖然本節目已於2012年3月8日完結，但實際上是以將於同年4月20日開始逢星期五19:00 - 19:56播映的新節目《
One local claimed it was because he had heard stories about Pintupi people dying from diseases, and was afraid it would happen to him.
It sends power to the front axle.
岡恩稱無法判斷影片中的自殺突擊隊成員是正面角色還是反派角色，這與《星際異攻隊》存在很大不同，
This led to protests in many Islamic countries, some of which became violent and led to more than 100 deaths.
As long as it receives "many" of the points correctly, the receiver can recover the original polynomial even in the presence of a "few" bad points.
She was in the Netherlands women's national volleyball team.
Coat of Arms of the city of Oviedo.
Margaret is a motherly-like figure to Becker and Linda.
The training school closed in 1933.
“Chavette” is a term used to describe female chavs.
）不辭而別，因此亦琛一心想成為機師，有朝一日架著飛機迎母親回家。
In January 2006, prior to the announcement of the CW Network, it was announced that UPN had renewed SmackDown! for two more years.
There were some movements considered heresies by the early church which do not exist today and are not generally referred to as denominations.
In reality, there is a tube in the middle of the water, which supports it.
Drumming website Totaldrumsets has listed Ward among "The 100 Most Influential Drummers Ever!" and has defined him "the mastermind behind the unholy birth of heavy metal drumming".
He sees the Doctor and frantically begs him for more elixir, of the type that will work immediately.
通过抑制心脏和扩张血管来降低血压，并且不产生类似于二氢吡啶类产生的心脏反射性的刺激。
另外，因為德國計劃將會在數年內與其他國家爆發戰爭，因此他們這樣做是想未雨綢繆。
Miso was an important source of nutrients for soldiers.
Later he went to Chicago, where his sister Sippie lived.
No matter which of these names is used, they all describe the same medicine.
This type of poetry is called Tareekh Goi.
The orchestra finally overwhelms the piano to emerge the winner.
They have specialties.
In March 2017, Nolan accidentally collapsed and broke her hip at home. citation During examination of her broken hip, she was diagnosed with an "incurable" form of cancer near her hip.
It is perhaps the most intimate (closest) thing one person can do to another.
They swam from Cockatoo Island and headed north to the New England district in north-east New South Wales.
In 2012, 253 people lived there.
He then moved to Sacramento in the 1970s with KOVR and KCRA.
Therefore, another way of expressing frequency is to say frequency is c over lambda.
In 1964, he was awarded a Lenin Prize.
滨鼠科（学名：Bathyergidae）
Another difference is that mediation is usually non-binding.
After moving to cinema in 1952, he moved to writing altogether, leaving the actor after playing in a movie.
Jackson'ın Charles rolünü "kamyon durağında çalışırken ölmekte olan babasına bakan ve sorunlu bir genç fahişe ile arkadaş olan beyinsel felçli bir adam" oynayacağı yalanlandı.
It is nothing jointed; it flows.
After the Constitution, many of the Founding Fathers became leaders in the federal government.
Introverts are people who get energy from the inside world.
Koruma alanı yaklaşık 800 km batı-doğu ve 200 km kuzey-güney doğrultusunda uzamaktadır.
宜蘭國中後來簡稱改為「蘭中」，改稱時代未可考，
Some tones may sound alike to people who do not speak a tone language.
為了對抗鐵血宰相，指示在帝國內外培養的人脈開始運作，自己也從帝國內部展開行動。
The park has six "islands", each having its own theme.
The top of the stack of cards is on the left-hand side.
These can help make the clothes cleaner.
Harry Edward Styles was born on 1 February 1994 in Redditch, Worcestershire, England, the son of Anne Twist (née Selley, formerly Cox) and finance worker Desmond "Des" Styles.
St. Nicholas Magazine was a 19th-century American monthly children's magazine.
’s population, according to the 2010 census, and they have been present in Arkansas since the earliest days of European settlement.
It is sometimes called the Lesser Genesis.
The song is about Perry's hangout routine with her friends.
Ayrıca Avatar Hâlindeyken Aang bir hava topu içinde uçabilmektedir.
The song is about a man who meets a woman who notices his silver spurs.
He chose the title to show that he was telling us the truth about his life, but that he had changed the order of some events to make it into a poetic book.
Also for the first time in its history, a digital on-screen graphic (DOG) was introduced.
One of those records said there were many small countries (in Japan) which had wars between them and later a country, ruled by a queen, became the strongest, unified others, and brought peace.
It is said that Thoroughgood used the name of his home in England when helping name New Norfolk County in 1637.
In May 1981 the Minister of Economics of the state of Hesse, Heinz-Herbert Karry, was murdered.
奥斯威戈市分别与西部，南部和东部的奥斯威戈镇，米奈托和Scriba以及北部的安大略湖相连接。
After that exposure Anthony acted in movies.
The scientists at the Tevatron had a year's headstart on the scientists at the LHC.
Photographs of her standing next to her sisters six months before she died show that Anastasia was a few inches shorter than all of them.
Some are highly poisonous: never eat a mushroom picked in the wild unless you know what you are doing.
Then it contains a low range gear for off-road use.
During meiosis, there are two chromosome separation steps which assure that each of the four daughter cells gets one copy of each of the 23 types of chromosome.
In 2007, 21553 people lived there.
In 1891, Williams opened Provident Hospital and Training School for Nurses.
The Buddha focused much of his teaching on how to overcome suffering.
In 2010 YCAT celebrates its 25th anniversary with two gala concerts at the Wigmore Hall.
Good GMs balance challenges and rewards, giving the players the chance to recover from mistakes, but at the same time providing consequences for the player's actions.
It is convert deep at its deepest point.
Shakhbut bin-Dhiyab Al Nahyan became the leader of the city in 1818.
」在內等主要原則，因此當伊文思在1984年1月接任駐華大使時，雙方的談判結果基本上已經定調，成為後來《
In 1999, their daughter Maiya Dupree was born.
McMillan's Foreign Office career began in 1976.
A compound exercise is made to use a larger muscle area that uses more muscles.
The two winning players of the main game played in the Scrabble Sprint.
In 1862 Immanuel's firm was finally sold by his creditors.
Yangınları duyurma amacıyla da bir kös yerleştirildi.
"Extant 'problematica' within or near the Metazoa."
The Balti are a very forbearing, cheerful,brave and hospitable people.
The Soviet Union took the northern third of East Prussia, including Königsberg, now Kaliningrad.
She played Christy in the movie In America.
In 2006 they released an EP, Staring to the Sun.
Tectoy成立于1987年，
Eliza refuses to do both of them and she leaves his home.
螺紋護套式系統皆可安裝附加導軌以安裝任何1913導軌配件，而Q-Sert更可加裝QD槍背帶安裝口及槍背帶安裝栓 。
到2015年9月30日，在事故發生3週年之際，政府終公布完整調查報告，長達430頁，但只公開30頁摘要。
It started as an U with an E above it.
The man who steered the trireme was called a kubernete by the Greeks.
The phrase comes from a toast written by General John Stark on July 31, 1809.
She received the Lannan Literary Award in 2007.
She played the lead role in the 2013 drama Angélique.
But it have been often done against the will of the person, this is called "
" which are administered by a range of government bodies.
Most likely adult dolphins teach it to their children.
，但是和美國在1941年前製造的坦克一樣，九五式是被設計用來支援步兵而不是與敵軍坦克對抗的。
After the civil war, Pichilemu got its formal name and status.
It was first called "Cove" in 1750.
The Moa Hunters were either killed or adopted by tribes.
The eyebrow's ability to move is also important in facial expression.
The documentary was premiered at the Festival Mundial de Cine Independiente de Quito in Ecuador in March and at Melbourne Documentary Film Festival in June 2017.
A new mission was started in February 1943.
He called it 'spirit of salt'.
It weighed 27,060 pounds (12.25 tonnes) and stood 13 feet 8 inches (2.16 m) tall.
More and more people worked together to be free.
As the show progresses, they slowly started to like each other.
It will be able to fly about 270 people and started production in 2014.
By the morning of November 15, it had caused the deaths of 77 people, injured three firefighters, covered an area of about convert, and had destroyed over 8,700 residences in addition to commercial buildings and other structures.
Then, the interior design team designs the car's interior, making sure that it fits the needs of the customer.
The fuel in a nuclear power plant is not enriched enough to create a nuclear explosion.
Victor Lardent, a lettering artist at Times advertising department, helped him make it.
These plant-eating migrants are followed along their annual, circular route by hungry predators, most notably lions and hyena.
These men he called patres, and their descendants became the patricians.
Some scholars identify him with King San in the Book of Song.
，乡镇和郡市在州议会中的代表权是相等的。
He was born in Granger, Texas.
People who make movies use stock footage because it's less expensive to use stock footage than it is to shoot new footage.
They also have a plant there.
The buyer may not be able to inspect the property before buying it.
Some (multi-fuel vehicles) could use some gasoline or jet fuel mixed in with the diesel fuel.
He is 44 years old.
Avenger, yer kontrol istasyonu ve mevcut iletişim ağları da dahil olmak üzere, MQ-1 ve MQ-9 ile aynı yer destek altyapısını kullanacaktır.
From 1997 to 1998, he was Minister of the Interior.
By 1890 several types were being made.
When presented with evidence of Arnold's betrayal, it is reported that Washington was calm.
The source of the Altmühl river is in the district.
She played for Jalisco.
In this method, the garden space is divided into beds, separated by paths.
Any movie or video game under this rating can not be shown in Australia.
It is romanized using the letter L with caron (Ľ ľ).
Even though it was illegal, people still made beer and whiskey (or also known as "moonshine"), and the makers needed people to drive their illegal whiskey to their customers.
十三年，封清河县男，邑二百户，兼尚书右丞，摄计部。
簡易保險加入者宿泊時必須提供相關証明（簡保之宿會員卡、簡易保險保險証書副本等）。
I suppose I received more abuse for that than for anything else I did in Germany.
St. John's only video appearance with Kiss is in the video for the hit single "Heaven's on Fire".
He began living in a neighbourhood of Dongdaemun District of Seoul.
那天之後，政大多了一個男聲重唱團「Brother 5」，他們的人氣迅速攀升，經常應邀前往校內大大小小的活動演出。
However, in the middle of 2010, Dylan said that they would not be doing the movie.
He was on position 826 in the world.
Hayden then teleports the Doom Slayer to an unknown place, and right afterwards, the game's credits are shown.
話頭，是指說話的前頭，亦即是在動念要說話、未說話之前的那個念頭。
，赵胜的儿子 《春秋左氏传旧证疏注续·昭公二十八年》：陈厚耀曰：朝为赵胜曾孙，而见于邯郸午之前，疑有未确。
The four presidents asked students not to have sit-ins.
，也是組合內最後一位完成服兵役的成員，Super Junior長達九年的兵役期正式結束，成為韓國全員役畢偶像組合之一。
Kenneth V. Thimann isolated auxin and found its chemical structure to be indole-3-acetic acid (IAA).
Linear approaches will have conrotatory motion while non-linear approaches will have disrotatory motion.
Su-buzu bulutlarının fotoğrafı Opportunity tarafından 2004’te çekilmiştir.
另外，在ISO 2955的國際標準中，「u」已經獲接納為代替「μ」來代表10 -6 的國際單位制符號。
清朝相沿不变，是即今日首都中心之北京旧城。
They may be afraid they might lose control and embarrass themselves.
此属的模式种为长头线隙蛛(Lineacoelotes longicephalus)。
He was most popular during the 1980s.
有部分為在職教育人員提供的證書、本科及深造課程設有觀課評核，申請人在報讀課程前須要徵得任教學校的校長同意，讓大學教員進入課堂觀課。
This edition started in July 2003.
He has appeared in spreads in fashion magazines and walked the catwalk during New York Fashion Week.
但這些新式紙錢比傳統紙錢昂貴不少，而且是將所祭祀的神明形象焚燒，頗受爭議。
There are several different types of Budweiser beer, such as Bud Light.
Note that the description of a device as either input or output depends on how it is viewed.
The processor just executes them one after another.
On 10 September 1926, the arrondissement of Wassy was eliminated but in 1940 Wassy was made again an arrondissement but the subprefecture was moved back to Saint-Dizier.
But many more groups of mammals than birds have managed to become big-brained as both young and adults".
The name of the band is a compound word created from "
Other items have washed down gullies and still other unexploded ordnance is underwater offshore.
These have a combined population of around 14.9 million as of the 2011 Census and an area of 37,331 km 2 (14,414 sq mi).
The men's athletics teams of the university are called the Vikings.
他要與以色列家和猶大家另立新約。
Châteauroux'de futbola başlamıştır.2003'te amatör olarak Châteauroux'de grev almıştır.2006'da A takıma yükselmiştir.
有欠繳保險費超過10年不能計入保險年資的情形。
Bu yıl gösterilen az sayıdaki filmin belli bir tema etrafında toplanmış olması nedeniyle bu haftanın başka bir adı da "Sanat Filmleri Haftası"dır.
Kütüphanenin kuzeyinde ise sahne binasında görülen kabartmalarıyla ayrı bir öneme sahip olan tiyatro bulunmaktadır.
He uses this ability many times in rapid succession to quickly defeat Piccolo after transforming into this third form.
Peano, 1887'de Refugium Peccatorum Madonna’yı resmetmekle tanınan Torino kökenli ressam Luigi Crosio'nun kızı Carola Crosio ile evlendi.
His aim was "to bring architecture, design and sculpture together within a single practice".
Birçok mutasyonun organizmanın fenotipi, sağlığı ve (doğal seçilimle ilgili) üreme uyumu (İng. fitness) üzerinde az bir etkisi vardır.
E.g. Allende increased health services and places at Universities for the underprivileged while many professors, specialists and doctors were leaving the country.
The percentage of atheists according to polls apparently rose from about 2% in 2012 citation to approximately 6% in 2016.
Sonny Carter were killed along with twenty other people in the crash of Atlantic Southeast Airlines Flight 2311.
The last thing Snape's eyes ever saw were Lily's green eyes.
Siddhartha Gautama was born just outside the city in Lumbini, Nepal as Prince Siddhartha Gautam in a Nepali Shakya clan.
The 1973 Constitution, however, had another advantage over its two predecessors: it had been agreed and voted on by a democratically elected Assembly.
Yeniden Cezayir'e dönmeden önce 1965-1974 yılları arasında Paris'te yaşadı.
Later he took part in the invasion of Europe and the freeing of Paris.
It is convert and convert deep.
The bank account number and other details are printed onto bank cheques (USA - checks)in a special font with magnetic ink.
The male version of the name is Will, short for William.
These devices were initially designed to be high-efficiency, multiple junction photovoltaic cells.
这些海外领土都没有其自己的国民身份，
前述大手私鐵的所有衍生型號均是以通勤型的設計為基礎作改良 。
While the construction of the Tung Chung Line was still underway, the plan to build a railway corridor serving the northwestern New Territories was conceived.
They were married at St. James's Palace, London, on 6 July 1893.
It was described in June 2013.
He learns how to do things from the animals of the jungle.
Of course, this problem is solvable by finitely many trials.
Crosby's version was extremely popular and is played a lot during the Christmas holidays.
Metro is opened to the public.
At one stage the narrator says: 'I have lyved in londe.
A tram stop may also be called a tram station or streetcar stop.
Bu nedenle yazar, dünyadaki tüm toplumlar arasındaki farklılıkların coğrafya ile açıklanabileceğini iddia eder.
They did this because most of the people they wanted to kill lived in Poland.
Catalonia has its own language (
），父亲寇修之是前秦东莱郡太守，
The goal of every person is to intellectually love God (that is, understand Nature as much as humanly possible).
Three ladies who work for the Queen of the Night come and kill the monster.
Yapay sınıflandırmalar ise iklim kuşaklarını, bitki örtüsü sıklığıyla ele alır.
Every year, large areas of forests are destroyed because of fire.
从而使得生长衰退的林木逐步枯死。
They brought a message, called the Great Law of Peace, to the fighting Iroquoian nations.
Synthetic cannabis has had a complicated legal history.
Food was wrapped in the leaves for cooking.
They are the ones who applied for getting a GI tag for the pagadi.
》，天孫降臨之後，天皇將天照大神祀于宮中，
It will be of stone."
Dış tasarıma daha iyi uyması için gövde rengi değiştirildi.
It is the third largest city in Belarus.
He was known to have tried to kill himself three times.
About three-fourths of the people spoke Tamil as their mother tongue the remainder spoke Telugu.
He was a very rich man, and gave money to many organizations in South Australia.
In the IPA, nasal vowels are indicated by placing a tilde (~) over the vowel.
It is a much smaller proportion than a century ago, despite AIDS.
是一種「十二音音階」，但沒有人這樣稱呼。
This city was named for Oscar G. Lee.
Although the alligator often moves slowly, it can run very fast for short times, especially in very short lunges.
The brown hair gene is 'dominant' to the red hair gene.
All Pictures of Shri Guru Nanak Dev ji shown here are not true/original.
When the blood-red moon appears again, he walks into the pond to try to wash the blood of his body, but he drowns.
After some days, Tom wants to visit Becky and her father tells him that the hole has been closed.
奧瑪·甘明斯（Omar Cummings）一般称作甘明斯，1982年7月13日生于Old Harbour，
Today most concede that Holwell greatly exaggerated the number of captives.
Interest in the relationship between psychiatric syndromes or symptoms and immune function has been a consistent theme since the beginning of modern medicine.
Whalen was president from 1909–1916.
"They attack other birds at an average of five-minute intervals during low tide".
Bu gelişmeler sonrasında yerel yöneticiler olayın önünü alamaz.
These lugs failed and destabilised the entire centre of the bridge during the storm.
应同至，先期作表告桓侯，临事则火其庙，稿悬其首，一郡震慑，妖遂以平，郡人戴德，立祠以祀。
Some species can be 30 cm long.
He was active in the Persian Revolution.
The flat-6 boxer engine (180°) is only slightly wider than the 120° V6, and it is fully balanced.
His father was William Thomas and mother was Maude Henrietta Barton.
People left homeless were moved to many shelters after the storm had passed.
岛上地势平坦，无山岗丘陵，西北部和中部稍高，西南部和东部略低。
There are a few mountains like Mullyash Mountain, Slieve Beagh (on the border with Tyrone and Fermanagh) and Coolberrin Hill (214 m, 702 ft).
He was something of a loner who lived in his camper van on his driveway.
Horsehair is used for the hairs of the bow.
The First Taranaki War ends in New Zealand.
A crawl space is a narrow area under a building that may be used for reaching pipes, wires, etc. without the need to dig.
有人猜测他的妻子为苏黎高的尤迪思。
》中“准许英国侨民在通商口岸租地赁屋”规定，照会直隶总督恒福，强令划出英租界。
》大碟中收錄脍炙人口的歌〈A.
In the 1920s, the Vietnamese alphabet became the country’s dominant writing system.
崇宁四年（1105年）建郑州为西辅，属京西北路，升奉宁军，下辖管城、荥泽、原武、新郑、荥阳。
For example, the word 亜米利加, which means "America", is pronounced "Amerika", but none of the kanji meanings have any obvious connection to America.
但是当你停下来仔细观察周围时或许会发现根本没有任何异样。
"La plaquita" or "la placa" is a similar game from the Dominican Republic, which traditionally used license plates as wickets.
Most of Naevius's poem is lost, so it is hard to know for sure.
As soon as he comes back home, he bursts into tears.
After the question of tariffs had largely been settled, Reid looked around for another cause for his party.
Microsoft reaches Windows Phone 8.1 can be launched for Microsoft Lumia and Microsoft Mobiles, on June 29, 2015.
She was also the goddess of procreation.
He was also one of Arthur's earliest followers.
，也是中国客运地位最高的交通工具，其运输能力远远超过当时的陆路交通工具——马车。
Diğer Kuzeybatı Sami dilleriyle kökteş kelimeler bulunur; örneğin פעל (yapmak) ve חָרוּץ (altın) Kenanca ve Ugarca'da kullanılmaktaydı.
Each account is followed by a brief statement describing how close each person was to the center of the blast.
It is able to produce the most detailed images of a specimen's surface.
The famous works he made in this period were the thirty-seven woodcuts for the Little Passion, published first in 1511, and a set of fifteen small engravings on the same theme in 1512.
After the Tour de France, the team completely changed; Team manager Olaf Ludwig left the team and was replaced by Bob Stapleton.
Monaco has the most appearances at the Olympics (25) without winning a medal.
、信仰自由和免于恐惧的自由那么紧密，这项自由顺应社会愿望，将经济自主加入自由主义哲学 citation 。
He is a specialist in intellectual history such as the post-1956 Western Marxism of the New Left.
Fefolt’s next venture was FireWölfe featuring the guitar duo of Nick Layton and Paul Kleff, bassist Zach Uidl, and drummer Jay Schellen (Hurricane, World Trade, Asia) whose eponymous debut was released in July 2011.
After that, Show hit The Rock because of frustration.
He became the Mayor of Madrid in 1991, a position that he held until 2003.
The movie won the Animage Anime Grand Prix prize in 1998.
為符合商用車規制，後座為小型折疊式座椅。
; he may have studied at Turin University in 1436.
After this, he began living a radical Christian life.
Ortadoğu muhabiri, Şarin Tadros, medyanın bu savaşa olan tutumunu birçok açıdan eleştirdi.
Saadet Kapısı, Divan-ı Hümayün’den sonra karşımıza çıkan ve Divan Avlusunun sonunda yer alıp, 2. Avludan 3. Avluya geçiş kapısıdır.
They were convinced whites were trying to take over their hunting grounds.
Part of Lake George is also in Marion County.
斑点鬣狗体型巨大，在很多场合可以夺走豹的猎物。
值得一提的是，Pentium 4追踪缓存存储的不是从内存抓取的原始指令，而是已经过解码的微操作，从而进一步节省掉了指令解码上要花的时间。
Non-Mexicans also started liking Tejano music because of the new sounds in Selena's music.
In 1842 Charles Masson wrote a book that mentioned the sites of Indus Valley Civilisation.
Few of the old instruments still existed and many that had survived had been “modernized”.
They are seen as dark when under sunlight, and appear light when against the unlit side.
He was married to his second wife, Maria Andruszkiewicz-Smith, from 1989 until his death in 2013.
Victor married Dorothy Newton in 1922, a few days after winning the World Ballroom Dancing Championship.
They emerge as salt "glaciers".
Then run up the nugget bridge making sure to have a load of poke balls and the last Pokémon you fought was that shelder after using growl on him 6 times, and you should have a random encounter with Mew.
They apparently believed he was an American spy.
Since the object 1996 PW was found to be a rocky body in an orbit typical of long-period comets, it is believed that rocky objects might be in the Oort cloud.
杜格利殊在奪冠後晉升為足球總監，而四年後布力般流浪便降班至甲組。
The algorithm then starts to find the smallest item in the unsorted data and swap it with the left-most element of the list.
，这首歌是迪伦将圣经修辞融入自己风格的一个例子。
Sinema filmi Judy Banks karakterini canlandırdığı The Fall Guy adlı filmle tanındı.
From 1984 to 1986 he worked as a Secretary of the Komsomol Committee, Head of the Department and Deputy Director for Training and Production of the Dnipropetrovsk Mechanical and Metallurgical Technical School.
It is thought that everyone on board was killed.
Hadrian's Wall was the first of two "great walls" created by the Romans in Great Britain.
The popularity of the character led to the term "Daisy Dukes" being used for short shorts.
Articles containing links to Archive.is via the template.
He was placed in the United States Army at first, but was then moved to the Army Air Forces.
Their first victory came in 1968 using a Garrett AiResearch turbocharger.
He is a member of the Ordinary People.
On 7 November 2018, he replaced Tshering Tobgay and was sworn in as 3rd democratically elected Prime Minister of Bhutan.
Many other common calculations can be solved by using proportions to show the relationships between the numbers.
They make their nests wherever it is warm and there is cover.
Homosexuality in the militaries of ancient Greece was regarded as contributing to morale.
Many young birds starve if they cannot find a vacant territory once parental care ceases.
Fire, Explosives and Fuel are all examples of hazards.
He'll stay and fight the fire if necessary, but he'd rather have you douse it and cover it up so he doesn't have to."
This can be seen in her work with Les Barker's The Mrs Ackroyd Band which performs his funny songs.
Geology and paleobiology of the Archean Earth, in Schopf J.W., and Klein C. The Proterozoic biosphere: a multidisciplinary study.
Albert later wins.
許多電子商務公司因為規模不足，而難以在競爭中勝出。
A written language will always be less flexible than its spoken parent.
Besides the various types of sports competitions, there are competitions among the cheering teams.
Baltimore is very politically liberal.
"The council of a parish which is not grouped with any other parish may resolve that the parish shall have the status of a town"citation The parish council becomes a "town council". citation Around 400 parish councils are called town councils.
From 1991 until his retirement in 1999 he worked as a composer and pianist at Theater im Palais.
The current Vice-Chancellor is Stephen J. Toope.
和The House of God。
Mandaeans do not consider John to be the founder of their religion.
A century later, Eric Stensiö showed that placoderms were genuine jawed fish.
Albums such as Face to Face, Something Else, The Kinks Are the Village Green Preservation Society, Arthur, Lola Versus Powerman and the Moneygoround and Muswell Hillbillies, are considered among the most influential recordings of the period.
嘉靖二十六年（1547年）中式丁未科會試第二百四十八名，登第三甲第二十三名進士 citation citation 。
His birthplace in Oakville dedicated a park in his honor in 1996, at the same time the Olympic Torch came through the community, 60 years after his Olympic triumph.
Tiger JK's wife, Yoon Mirae(T), who is also a singer and rapper, often performs with DT.
It describes current events at the time in a humorous way.
She has three children : Phoebe Adele Gates, Rory John Gates, and Jennifer Katharine Gates.
He used his own money to fix the broken parts of the castle.
One of the most important entries in the diary was written on October 28, 1941.
，其風眼大小有近半個台灣大 citation ，強度再次達至巔峰。
Infighting over the failure to establish a Croatian state also fragmented the surviving Ustaše.
A movie version of the play was released in 1982.
There are 14 parking bays with aerobridges, including two with dual aerobridges.
This caused God to get angry at Ahab and say through a prophet (1 Kings 20:42)--"This is what the Lord says: 'You have set free a man that I had determined should die.
The Economics Studies Prize is in the memory of Alfred Nobel.
He won rookie of the year.
Graphite is soft, gray, and dull.
天津话的声母系统与普通话大致相同，但有些字的声母并不相同。
In connection, Where's My Perry, a version of the game featuring Perry the Platypus from Phineas and Ferb. citation On September 19, 2012, a new update brought a special Birthday Level, "Make a Wish", to Where's My Water and Swampy's 1 Year Birthday.
He was traded to the Orioles before the 2008 season.
这也是里昂足球俱乐部首次夺得联赛、杯赛双冠王。
In 1994, a Tatar-language mailing list (TMG, standing for Tatar Mailing Group) was established and this year is commonly regarded as the birthyear of the Tatar Internet.
Alsterdal was born year 1960 in Malmö.
A bit touchy: Plants' insect defenses activated by touch.
Their first attempts proved unsuccessful.
汝官窯施釉技法精湛，多採裹足支燒，支釘很小，因此有「芝麻支釘」之說，使器表和器底全施滿釉。
Michaels, however, said that choosing Fey was "kind of risky" at the time. citation Her role in Weekend Update was well received by critics.
St. Mirren Park has become the regular home of the Scotland national under-21 football team.
In many cases headaches can be relieved naturally.
Yarışmaya katıldığı sene en büyük favorilerden biriydi.
The leaflet announcing the first performance of the play.
Many Tungusic languages are in danger, and the long-term future of the family is uncertain.
So, the amount of peat increases.
Future Elder Thaddeus was born in Vitovnitsa village, community Petrovac-on-Mlawa, located in Braničevo district, in Serbia on October 6 (19) 1914.
Nail sang on the film soundtracks for Evita and Still Crazy.
By heading south, Takagi unwittingly moved his carriers into the range of the American TBD torpedo planes, which otherwise would have been forced to turn back without participating in the attack (Lunstrom 2006, p. 187).
Chao Sam then built one prang and one chedi for his late brothers.
Other drugs do not cause death.
Geb was also a Greek god named Kronos.
Japanese: Averages 3 to 4 months before permanent departure.
People sent their votes through postcard.
The river "La Dives" through the commune.
Ünsüz öbeklere yalnızca sözcük içinde olanak tanınır, Nahuatl dili bu kısıtlama ile başa çıkmak için hem ünlü türemesini (genellikle /i/) hem de ünsüz düşmesini kullanır.
The school teaches its students for public examinations.
The glass is a colloid of solid particles inside the solid glass.
Thiruvarur town is the district headquarters of Tamil Nadu.
The search was then called off without success.
In this album he started to write songs in English.
The reluctant Mr. Darwin.
，晚年卻告誡其子說：“士處世尚智與謀，勿效我暴虎也。”
The Mets sold out the game.
Sadrazamın katili konuşturulamadı ve ertesi gün öldürüldü.
For example, a button with an icon of a printer will usually help the user print what is currently open.
National Heart, Lung, & Blood Institute.
According to the reports, they worked until the clothes fell off their bodies, and then were forced to continue working naked.
It is 111 meters above sea level.
A lengthy administrative appeal process ensued, and news of the conflict turned Ryan into a popular celebrity and advocate for AIDS research and public education.
However, there were music critics in Vienna who were anti-Jewish and made things difficult for him.
He had settled there with his family.
The Adams ring is very red.
She held the title of Woman Grandmaster (WGM, 1986).
Grup iki vokalist ve beş performansçıdan oluşuyor.
當溫蒂妮陪同光太郎到學校的時候，便對他一見鍾情，甚至還暗地慫恿紐井簽下她的契約書。
The eighth season of SpongeBob SquarePants was announced in December 2009.
Carol Decker is the lead singer for the band.
The soils of the region could not take in any more water from the rains of the past few days.
Luarasi matbaa "Mbrothësia" ("İlerleme") müdürü olarak görev yapıyordu.
Rogers asked parents to promise to take care of their children.
所制成的日译版，使得范长江扬名海外，进一步扩大了他的影响力 贾随平.
Mehmet Yaşar Büyükanıt (1 September 1940 – 21 November 2019) was a Turkish military official.
Focuses on Kahn's role in the development of computer networking from 1967 through the early 1980s.
The small villages of Stoke Heath, Ollerton, Eaton upon Tern and Wistanswick are also in the parish.
Knickknacks or knick knacks are small objects.
，后同年10月28日陆续在北京、上海等地方台播出。
The army killed de Montford and several of the people that helped him.
Most chapters took me weeks, some months.
Seleucus was only able to return to Babylon in 312 BC with the support of Ptolemy.
The latter was called 'early speed metal' by Robb Reiner of speed metal band Anvil.
Rossi was also a member of both the NWA Hall of Fame in 2016 and the Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame in 2004.
Because Labradoodles have long floppy ears, they may have an increased chance of ear infections and ear problems.
接下来气旋略有增强，于6月11日转朝西北前进 citation 。
There is some debate over the reliability of this, however.
From August 22 to September 1 Humberto, Iris, Jerry, Luis, and Karen were active at the same time.
At the time the 8GB Nano was $149 and the 16GB Nano $179.
再者，第1裝甲師發現自己被命令部署在無用的陣地上，並在第2天的進攻時，3支作戰支隊的其中2個已被重擊，而第3支亦普遍失去作用。
He has been described as "one of the very finest drummers in all of pop/rock".
Kim began skating when she was seven years old.
She won the leadership, getting 71 votes to only 31 for Rudd.
He played golf around the world and won 76 tournaments.
城堡的歷史可以追溯至13世紀。
He played in the 1940s, 1950s, and 1960s, playing at representative level for Great Britain, England, Yorkshire, and Rugby League XIII, and at club level for Wakefield Trinity (
A scribe might join two letters in a certain way, or he might do the dots on those letters that have them in a special way.
At 17:00 on 3 May, Fletcher was told that the Japanese Tulagi invasion force had been seen.
The table below lists the larger wind farms in Texas, currently operating or under construction.
To score a point, the jammer has to play fair and stay on the track when they pass someone.
They must pass through the dangerous Fire Swamp, and avoid hungry animals that live there.
The tribute was called Happy Birthday, Sir Larry.
在政治方面，南海泡沫事件使國民對托利黨及喬治一世大失信心，政府誠信破產。
Yüksek kapasiteli güneş modülleri ile 10 m 2 yüzeyden 2.25 kW'lık güç sağlanabilir.
The game is played between men's teams or between women's teams.
It lives in flooded places, for example lagoons and grasslands with large amounts of salt.
，以改善商場的照明和內部動線，為應付整修工程，商場停止營業。2013年10月，Avenue K商場重新營業，同時也更換沿用多年的商標，
桂世祚（1917年 － ），男，
In other words, the prison had to pay for everything it needed itself, and make money for the state.
Virginia is for Lovers.
Neither version is 'better' than the other; they are rather different in style.
Packet forwarding in Switches are performed using ASICs (Application Specific Integrated Circuits).
Profesyonel kariyerine 2015 yılında Zweigen Kanazawa kulübünde başladı.
A drawback to this is the very large number of small relay transmitters needed to fill in gaps in the main transmitters' coverage, which would not have been necessary with a VHF system due to its different propagation characteristics.
As of 2020, the Twenty-seventh amendment is the last amendment that has been added to the Constitution.
She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2011 World Aquatics Championships, citation 2013 World Aquatics Championships, citation and 2015 World Aquatics Championships.
Cave himself often sent in items to the Magazine under the pen name of Sylvanus Urban.
Their eating apparatus must have been an advantage as compared to other herbivores.
They also say that Sir Hercules Robinson, Governor from 1879 to 1880, attended several concerts during his time as Governor, but he was not a patron.
The word reactionary comes from the word "reaction," which describes movement in the opposite direction.
Because 28% of the inhabitants are Pangasinan people, who belong to a different ethno-linguistic group from the Ilocanos.
Relative isotopic mass is similar to isotopic mass and has exactly the same numerical value as isotopic mass, whenever isotopic mass is expressed in atomic mass units.
Reactions were done at 120 °C and were studied by 1H-NMR spectroscopy of the reaction mixture.
This type of bicycle is in use in several major cities of Europe, where there have been large city-run bicycle rental or sharing projects.
Kōsei later tells him about his feelings for Kaori, and he gives him advice.
元代有一本專為編寫北方戲曲的音韻書，
癸二腈的加氢反应可以制备癸二胺。
The cursor can be moved to the start of the next line by pressing the Enter Key.
）《Meeting Woody Allen》（1986） （中文）
There is no knowledge of its internal workings.
SIDS only happens at certain ages.
The Erfurt Treasure is kept there.
Bu sırada Alyx Vance ve Gordon Freeman'ın Black Mesa East adlı gizli bir tesise ışınlanması gerekmektedir.
This frog lays eggs in temporary bodies of water and places that are temporarily flooded.
Marrakesh is the most important city out of all of Morocco's cities that used to be imperial cities.
Yazın biraz olsun ılık geçer, haziran ayındaki ortalama 24 saat ortalaması 12 °C'dir; Aydınlık saatlerinde biraz daha sıcak olabilir, fakat sıcaklık (9 ile 25 °C) arası değişmektedir.
The next year, in 1972, its founder Rajagopalachari died, and Swatantra declined rapidly.
The Banded Stilt stands between 35–45 cm tall. citation It is called the "
He moved to Israel at age five.
It will be turned lakeland in the near future.
During the 17th century, over half of indentured servants died before their indentures had ended.
Günlüğündeki son cümle, 'Tiocfaidh ár lá (Bizim de günümüz gelecek) idi.
The symptoms could be seen 3–7 days after victims were bitten by a flea carrying the disease.
Through cloud and sunshine, Lord, abide with me.
》開播後，觀眾發覺該劇和日本劇集《
He wrote tragedies and even founded the fabula praetexta (history plays), in which he dramatized historical events.
The West Coast sea nettle have a golden-brown bell with a little shade of red.
Buffy died two times in the normal series.
布莱恩在这场后称“黄金十字演讲”的演说中强烈谴责金本位严重伤害工薪阶层利益，呼吁民主党人积极反抗。
涡流制动按照规定只能在220公里/小时以上的速度使用 ，但这些测试运行都没有达到该速度值 。2003年1月30日，4608号动车组在一次试运行中因怀疑受到冰雪袭击而造成底板损伤。
The doctrine lasted for less than a decade, it was the most important document of United States foreign policy from the early 1980s until the end of the Cold War in 1991.
There are concerns about the effect of fishing on seamount ecosystems.
The male doctors did not like that a woman worked as a doctor, and the government was worried that she might hurt her patients as she had never learned medicine at a university.
" or small shallow pond, created with a water-filled basin, for birds to bathe in, cool off, and drink from.
During the final, Hunter trailed 2-4 but won seven frames from the next eight to win the match.
An address bus is measured by the amount of memory a system can retrieve.
Mammals from the Age of Dinosaurs: origins, evolution, and structure.
Al-Bayati claims Warren did not commit suicide, but was, in fact, murdered.
Lincoln dies the next day, of his injuries.
FlipBook supports scanning physical drawings with a TWAIN-compliant scanner or webcam, or direct input via a Wacom tablet.
It has a camera.
This is usually caused by repeating cycles of climate.
It flows into the Caribbean Sea.
Besides there is a large population of Dhund tribe in Kahuta tehsil, who are known as Jasgam.
It has dedicated spectrum, high interference immunity, open interoperability and data speeds of around 500 kbit/s.
外國廣告導演受邀來拍片時，他亦會從旁學習，為日後拍電影奠下了根基 : 310 。
下水前需啟動兩具抽水泵，打開車頭擋水板，水中仍靠履帶推進，沒有額外的車葉。
It was there where he is said to have attained "Cosmic Consciousness".
The Order of Malta Ambulance Corps in Ireland is an example.
Films also come in different sizes.
Phelps and the other warships left to rejoin Yorktown, which departed at 16:01, and TF17 moved to the southwest.
Hans Morgenthau, founder of International Relations as a field of study, was born here.
He was former president of the Chinese Chemical Society.
，并在抵达时获中共东莞市委常委、宣传部部长杨晓棠带领的接机团迎接及献花 citation 。
在收到「賓士先生」的挑釁後決心逮到他。
Feathers are vital for survival because of this animals tendency to spend time in the water.
德奥在华舰艇中，驻扎于青岛者或被联军击沉、或被捕获，滞留内地的舰艇则大多遭到中国政府扣押。1917年4月美国参加一战，美国炮舰全部集中到上海接受扣留。
In 2010, there were 42,080 people, 16,981 households, and 10,352 families living in Hutchinson.
然而这幅作品却被“独立艺术家社会”组织拒绝。
基於其新作《兩約探秘》的作者簡介部份。
Titus, however, decides to choose Sextus's sister Servilia to be his empress, and tells Annius (Sextus's friend) to take the message to Servilia.
Studying distant galaxies is the best way of learning about our own galaxy, as the gases and stars in our own galaxy make it difficult to observe.
There are also minor scales.
Slave-holding areas not covered are in blue.
Due to that performance, he reached a career-high ranking of 6 in the ICC Player Rankings on December 26, 1998.
DOCOMO提供有名稱為WORLD WING的國際漫遊服務。
Note (29): Letters Patent dated October 18, 1928.
Men can get a vasectomy.
The number following the name of the group is the order of the group.
The university's football team are the Fighting Irish.
Stowe was not sure if people would like to read the story as a book.
' nin Mısır'dan dönüş olayından sonra vuku bulmaktadır.
Jack allowed the devil to come down, but only after he promised not to bother Jack for ten years and not to claim his soul when he died.
"We believe this is kind of a new structure not really known before", said a researcher.
Uppsala'da yaşayan Niklas adında bir çocukla dans eder ve Elle-Marja, Sápmi'den ayrılıp çalışmak için güneye Uppsala'ya gideceğine karar verir.
With about 1,600 people, Castellane is the least-populated sub-prefecture in France.
我希望这些照片能够引起你多愁善感的泪水和绝望，让这些感觉充满你的直觉，传达难以明亮的情绪。
Berkeley: University of California Press, 1992.
Brigade A and B were positioned between the Lower Rhine and the Maas.
Aditya Birla Group is one of the largest Indian conglomerates with businesses spread across telecommunications, cement, chemicals, mining, textiles, financial services, retail and e-commerce, among others, in 36 countries.
肖宇梁自幼學習武術，父母皆為一般上班族，家中有一雙胞胎哥哥。
Hemidactylus frenatus is the common house gecko.
The post office in Manchester was closed in 1993.
To the north is the Cascadia subduction zone, where the Gorda Plate is being subducted under the edge of the North American plate.
，他于1930年创立了欧瑟斯钢笔制造厂（Orthos Fullhalter-Fabrik） http://lamy.
Finally, she went to court.
If the levers that controlled the engine were not set the right way, especially the spark control, the engine could backfire, or spin the wrong way.
The champions of each stage of the regular season, plus any team finishing in the top three of the overall table, advance to a championship playoff.
University Press of the Pacific: 2003 paperback edition.
He was president of the non-profit American Ideas Institute, citation and publisher of The American Conservative.
Yapımcı olarak adını ve şöhretini The Walking Dead'in 30'dan fazla bölümünü ve House M.D.'nin 40'tan fazla bölümünü üreterek kazandı.
In July 2004, he announced his retirement at Nagoya Grampus Eight.
大衛·伯南德和米格爾·米拉指出，它是由一個彈出式合成器和一個鼓式機器所組成的，「只有用來建立在質感上，而不是主題」。
The ALTE is the Association of Language Testers in Europe.
The tradition also states that the remaining four heads of Brahma represent many aspects of Hinduism.
金郡郡治西雅圖是該郡最大都市citation，大約三分之二的人口居住在西雅圖的郊區。
Also mentioned is Tobit's son called Tobias, who is traveling eastward to collect money, accompanied by the Angel, Raphael, who tells Tobit of a woman named Sarah who is looking to get married.
To understand it fully one needs to work through the Greek passages where it is used, which is beyond our scope.
比特幣地址是由比特幣公開金鑰進行雜湊運算得出的，公開金鑰是可以通過私密金鑰推算出的。
Multi-component adhesives harden by mixing two or more chemical which react together.
巴里是海滨度假胜地，主要观光点为沙滩和西南面的巴里岛。
Isurus ranges in length from convert, and can grow to about convert.
It was the first time that Canadians had attacked as a national unit.
Ama sonra aşağı doğru yüzerler.
D. G. Hart, Defending the Faith: J. Gresham Machen and the Crisis of Conservative Protestantism in Modern America (Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University Press, 1994), 163-166.
如電腦和一些消費性電子設備都是有內建電源供應。
JRL will start opening in 3 phases from 2026 to 2028.
This qualification was his last game for Japan.
Sanders was the convener and first CPC Chairman.
She was known for her role in Il Gaucho.
On a hill near the palace is the royal temple Wat Phra Kaeo.
Then, he decided to study medicine.
Zinc more readily loses electrons than copper, so placing zinc and copper metal in solutions of their salts can cause electrons to flow through an external wire which leads from the zinc to the copper.
巴扎爾甘和他的政府都成為了人質危機的輸家，他們已在11月請辭，無法下令釋放人質 Modern Iran: Roots and Results of Revolution，第249頁 。
，生长于海拔4,000米至4,300米的地区，常生于高山山坡岩缝或石砾堆上，目前尚未由人工引种栽培。
Robinson and Turpin had a rematch in September 1951 where Robinson regained the title by a tenth-round knockout.
He beat the incumbent Republican Fred Schwengel in 1964 but losing to Schwengel two years later in 1966, and again in 1968.
My breast cancer is gone."
Clark Eldridge, an engineer working for the state, created a suspension bridge design.
A regulation attached to a printed version of the Horst Wessel-Lied in 1934 required the right arm to be raised in a "
Edward Keble Chatterton, Fore and Aft: The Story of the Fore & Aft Rig From the Earliest Times to the Present Day (Philadelphia: J.B. Lippincott Company, 1912), pp. 44–48 The square rigged sails came first in the North.
High School - A parody of high school based shōjo dramas, such as Fushigi Yuugi and the works of Clamp.
Chris Curtis, British musician.
There are some historical monuments like the Town hall or the Bridge of Saint John.
In 1996, the Mariners received Dave Hollins from the Minnesota Twins for a player to be named later.
A stimulus or stimuli might be used to see if a person is in a coma and what type of coma.
These are called interpolation errors - the software did not correctly guess what the data should be.
，这首歌曲还让布兰妮成为第3个在3个年代都拥有美国冠军单曲的女艺人，也是第7个在3个年代都拥有美国冠军单曲的艺人。
In the twentieth century, Erik Christian Haugaard translated the name as 'Inchelina' in 1974.
Ravenel is a member of Moultrie Camp, Sons of Confederate Veterans, and is a supporter of the Confederate flag being flown at the South Carolina statehouse.
It was about 6.00am the next morning when he was near London.
En sonunda 22 Eylül'de Rollins kemerini Damien Sandow'a karşı kaybetti.
In 1857 he was a delegate to the Oregon constitution convention and upon admission of Oregon as a state was elected as a Democratic representative to the Thirty-fifth United States Congress serving from February 15, 1859, to March 3, 1859.
As heat injury gets worse, it becomes heat exhaustion.
It is a Britsh National Trail.
But he felt that the family name Mastoer was too aristocratic.
The system uses two kinds of trains, a big type - called sub surface trains and a smaller type - deep level trains.
坑壁平均高出周边地形220米 Lunar Impact Crater Database ，内部容积约9公里 3 。
Stravinsky went back to Russia to collect some things that would help him to compose it.
採血供血服務的医疗卫生机构，始建於1978年。
DC police escorted Brown out of his new office.
Its northern endpoint is near Dawson, Nebraska at US 75.
The towns population is four times higher during the summer than the rest of the year due to the tourists that visit.
In his house, Squidward practices his clarinet and paints pictures.
It was built in the 12th century as part of the walled city of Baku.
New Zealand pays for a ship, which connects Tokelau with the next bigger seaport (
这种显影技巧能够避免高光部分“溢出”（即高光区域达到Dmax极限，损失画面的色调与细节）。
After ending his career as a child actor, he went on to work as a theater director before relocating to Oregon in the 1980s.
He was one of 22 Nobel Laureates that signed the Humanist Manifesto in 2003.
He has been included into the Songwriter's Hall of Fame.
Kısa boyludur ama Yoh'a yardım etmekte ustadır ve her zaman onu destekler.
The soprano recorder is the size of recorder which is usually played in schools, also known as a Descant.
Gold at Forbes was first found in the area known as Halpin's Flat.
Thereupon Congress shall decide the issue, assembling within forty-eight hours for that purpose if not in session.
These included the Hazelwood Power Station, which was completed in 1971.
有大德神力，於何功德修習多修習而能至此？
The second language is called the target and can usually be understood by computers.
No Chagossians live in the Chagos Islands anymore, as it is now the site of the military base Camp Justice.
The event is celebrated every year on 19 August on the spot where the border was opened.
Works from this stage, including anthropomorphic themed drawings, announce the peculiar features that characterize his later works.
李智源（529年－575年4月16日），字孝宗 citation ，
Ancak içerik yönünden MeeGo ile pek bir bağı olmayan Tizen, tamamen HTML5 API'lerı üzerine kurulmuştur.
Ama acaba Erek, Ayıngacılar'ın nefretinden kurtulabilecek midir? sonunda erek sonsuza dek yaşamak varken ölmek niye der ve.
"I admit I was carried away by prejudice.
企劃案於1997年宣布，原定由押井守擔任導演 citation citation ，後來於1999年遭到凍結 citation 。
重複加倍的利息，說的正是複利。1571年，英國開始容許每年最高10%的貨款利息，引發連串道德爭議，但此後利息效應開始為人注意。1613年，英國數學家李察·維特（Richard Witt）發表《數學問題》一書，全面研究複利效應、及在複利下土地的估值物問題，成為研究複利的劃時代作品。
The album has been considered to be one of the greatest hip-hop album in history.
Kentin sembol işareti ortasında karakteri taşıyan ve birleşen kasabaları temsil eden beş yapraktan oluşan bir çiçektir.
The adult male frog has pads on its feet called nuptual pads.
“Ugg”名稱的起源也有爭議。
》中登場 。2014年10月，製片人正在討論電影的故事並尋找一位編劇 。
CVS happens more often in children but it can occur at any age.
对任何事情都是抱以看热闹的态度，觉得很有趣开始接近羽鸟，却渐渐开始喜欢上她了。
He is also a scholar in residence at the Indian Institute of Technology Gandhinagar.
X 時期（1982年－1992年）
The novel was nominated as the best crime novel of the year in Sweden, the Netherlands and France.
A Vernier scale is a way to get a much better result when measuring how long something is or the size of an angle.
Böylece normalize edilmiş momentler k dereceli homojen polinomdurlar.
Tevhid prensibi çerçevesinde Allah-âlem ilişkisine, özellikle ilahî sıfatlar ve ilahî kudret, cisim, cüz`ün lâ yetecezzâ (atom), hareket, sükûn, ehl-i cennet ve ehl-i cehennemin hareketleri konularında özgün fikirleri vardır.
Eser birçok eski kârdan farklı olarak terennümle başlamaz.
At the same time, the dark-coloured, or melanic, moths, carbonaria, flourished.
A goal is a kick between the centermost posts.
After his time with the Hilltops, Guebert moved on to play university football with the University of Saskatchewan Huskies.
A hydroponics system growing food in a dining hall.
SPQR stands for Senatus Populusque Romanus "The Senate and the People of Rome".
It is the story of a civil servant who falls into the trap of corruption.
This is especially useful when the symbol cannot be produced, or the result is not satisfactory.
Van Helsing: The London Assignment is a 2004 animated short movie that is a prequel to Van Helsing.
After studied at the College of Law, London, he became an associate at Freshfields and a partner.
Sigman and Whaley (1998) found that adverse effects of malnutrition have more damaging effects which affect attention, memory, abstract reasoning, and general school achievement.
These must be decided either by the GCF Board or by the countries that are party to the UNFCCC.
Journal of Molecular Medicine 80 (9): 545–548.
Soups and stews must be set on the right side of the person who is eating.
因为XOY刚好对应红光的波长，两个射线相位相同（波峰和波谷分别重合）。
It can irritate skin.
北有潭毒山，上有潭毒关，下临大江。
进一步的放宽要求，只需要 k 个最小元素的列表，但不保证它们有序。
Slides with the day's complete forecast, brief news headlines and community events often drawn up by the station's art department rounded out the package.
Amy no longer remembers him.
The design of pipelines is one of the central microarchitectural tasks.
塞纳河畔维特里位于法国中北部，法兰西岛大区中部和马恩河谷省中部偏西，
Her coaches included at that time Brian Orser, Astrid Shrubb, David Wilson, and Tracy Wilson.
Front Row: Evenings at the Theatre, Continuum International Publishing (2005), pg.
They had a 6–4 record.
Whenever he gets in trouble,He consults Taarak Mehta his close friend whom he often calls as "Fire Brigade",as he solves the problems in Jethalal's life as fire brigade does.
He writes to her asking her to stop the spell but she writes back thinking that he wants to marry her daughter.
。 citation 她透過律師表示中槍時她並沒有站在示威人群當中，
They are hunted by Norway and Iceland, with a quota of about 1,000 per year in Norway.
六歲時，因在鐵道嬉戲遭遇一場意外致左臂遭火車撞斷 citation ，這使本來因家貧沒錢供學的父母而決定不再讓他繼承挑磚衣缽 citation 。
To indicate the delocalized nature of the bonding, benzene is often depicted with a circle inside a hexagonal arrangement of carbon atoms.
但自动驾驶系统只是以机上的仪表显示的资讯给予反应，虽然当时机长的空速表显示飞机超速，可是实际上，副机长的空速表所显示的速度不断减少，却是飞机当时的真正状况。
Agricultural Institution, now called North Shropshire College.
In 2010, 902 people lived there.
，海拔高度3,566米，人類在1857年首次登頂。
Woodhead made his NFL debut with the New York Jets in 2008 and was signed by the New England Patriots on September 18, 2010.
，稱李前總統健在，目前正在住院治療。
They carry a handbell to make a loud noise and they shout the words "Oyez, Oyez, Oyez!" before making their announcements.
The song won Best Original Song at the 2000 Academy Awards.
That means, whole land property of Bali was under control of lord Vamana.
Today it belongs to the Rhein-Neckar area.
He is currently the dean of the Montana congressional delegation.
Orion Books Ltd, 2000.
The route of the race changes, but is about 250 km long.
It makes food last longer, and be easier to digest.
There are seven major and many minor plates.
这三幅速写是当时参加议约的英军的作品，
Balliol finally resigned his empty claim to the throne to Edward in 1356, before retiring to Yorkshire, where he died in 1364.
She was selected Young Player Awards in 1991 and Best Eleven for 4 years in a row (1995-1998).
World Book, Inc., 1995.
In 2000 she graduated from Nizhny Novgorod Theatre School, and in 2002 from Moscow Art Theatre School.
Praseodymium was first isolated (separated from other elements) in 1885 by the Austrian chemist Carl Auer von Welsbach.
動畫中是在此前已被蘿特的「夢」發動的心理攻勢損傷了心智，漫畫中則沒有提到。
The plural of planetarium is either planetariums or planetaria.
Antony John Blinken (born April 16, 1962) citation citation is an American politician.
The grades below are given on the WASSCE certificates for the students who finished their exams.
One day, Ramon went diving in an underwater cave in search of pearls and found a pearl bigger than his fist.
Their turbochargers are generally small and the pressures created are not very high.
For example, a grenade could not destroy a television but a gun could put a bullet hole in the screen.
If something can be tested, or finishes the tests correctly, it is testable.
Kainuu has 8 municipalities of which two are cities (marked bold).
The gods of Greece looked down upon that and sent there wrath and killed him with one of Zeus thunderbolts.
Romanya'da kullanılan bir posta pulu.
The first two recipients were Henry Heller and David Orbansky.
All commanders and Cyrus have appeared.
臺灣荷蘭統治時期為1624至1662年間，
The Osama bin Laden I know: an oral history of al Quaeda's leader.
Lola designed and built cars for Larrousse and Scuderia Italia in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
It was being made and was basically Mario Kart at the time. citation In April 2003, Nintendo showed pictures of the game and said that the game would be called "Mario Kart: Double Dash!
Despite destroying major parts of British industry and housing, the Luftwaffe eventually withdrew.
The program started in 1814, when Jackson led a group of soldiers who defeated the Creek Indians.
It's a 5 track EP which has the single "We Are One".
小觀音山火山口直徑1200公尺，深約300公尺，是台灣最大的火山口，
European Mathematical Society.
"Originally part of Piscataway, Dunellen was established in 1867 and grew up around the New Jersey Central Railroad station, which was known as New Market station."
They want rule by Pakistan.
現在，一些中高階的打印机採用五色墨水，除了普通的黑色颜料墨水，還加入相片黑（Photo Black）專門打印相片。
The Lawrence massacre was one of the bloodiest events in the history of Kansas.
Similarly the name 'Tarun' would not have its first consonant sounded as in 'Tom'.
Listening to hip hop encourages drug use.
Farrell also quit so he could perform in concerts with many bands including his old band, Tasty Snax.
The 747-300 was made in 1980 and the 747-400 was made in 1985.
隨著電影即將上映，《惡夜活死雞》得到了更多媒體的關注；
到了晚上，運輸車陷入了沼澤地的泥巴，納克斯幫忙處理，芙莉歐莎和麥斯用炸藥炸了幾輛後方煤氣鎮與子彈農場的車。
His nicknames are "El Comedulce" and also "La Luche".
Komünün nüfusu 31 Temmuz 2015 tarihi itibarıyla 2,228'dir.
April 9, 1882 after almost two weeks on the sea.
Their ancestors participated in the Grand Trek on the train led by Piet Retief to get rid of the British rule.
After the 1947 British Honduras general election, Price was appointed as Chairman of the Belize City Council by the then Leader of The Independent Party, John Smith.
Like doctors, nurses can choose what work they do.
Two years later, Davis entered the Catholic school of Saint Thomas at St. Rose Priory.
陽前陰後共八數，吉凶休咎自不同。
In 1992 the division was re-created.
If they are programmed with AJAX, they seem to react faster.
After their match, Cena attacked Tarver.
This is the most time a person can be sent to prison in Norway.
He was director of the Bath Festival which he helped to improve a lot.
He talked about crimes, scandals, or mysteries in his books or his own television show Dominick Dunne's Power, Privilege, and Justice.
Most of the papers presented in the Conference have been compiled in an edited volume by Raj Kumar Sen and Ratan Lal Basu.
兩軍對峙而不戰，而後這個狀態就是德軍稱之的「靜坐戰」，而美國記者則將其稱之「
Orion has four major share markets-
Randall (1990), pp. 323–325 Arnold was near his home, so he visited his children, and he spent much of the winter in Boston, where he tried to convince a woman named Betsy Deblois to marry him.
Boross was born in Nagybajom, Hungary.
部分地区套被、揣枕时也要放鞭炮，说喜话，例如：“八个栗”，八个枣，八个儿子满床跑。
There are also many kinds of specially-made gags, which usually strap around or behind the head.
With Ignacio Allende and Juan Aldama by his side, he spoke to the people in front of his church.
中央委員會的主席由全黨最高代表者黨主席兼任，
But he either died in 577 or shortly afterwards.
Most of the clitoris is hidden inside the body.
It was produced by Harvey Bernhard with a screenplay written by Jeffrey Boam.
In 1619 he used the idea of full head-to-toe protective clothing.
故此最終決定填寫筲箕灣官立中學為第一志願，筲箕灣官立工業中學為第二志願。
In 21 years of marriage Leo had 15 children by his wife Keran, eight sons and seven daughters.
In this case, there is no phase change.
乳房柏哲德氏病几乎均伴有深层侵入性恶性肿瘤，
Is ballet dancing slavery?
A carbon-12 atom has a mass of 12 u. Because electrons are so light, we can say that the mass of a carbon-12 atom is made of 6 protons and 6 neutrons.
The first event was an In Your House pay-per-view event.
It was introduced by Amir Said and William A. Pearlman in 1996.
There is Dome-mae Station(ドーム前駅, どーむまええき) which Hanshin Electric Railway possess near Dome-mae Chiyozaki Station.
This suggests that the victim list may not be complete.
With a career spanning over five decades, he has been associated with almost 35 films, most of which have created box-office history.
This is the only place where people can appreciate those charming birds.
He especially hates them when they are in his swimming pool.
Elsa Dorfman (April 26, 1937 – May 30, 2020) was an American portrait photographer.
Research done with animals has shown that pre-natal sex hormones affect the sexual differentiation of the brain.
It received a mild facelift in late 2010.
The current president of the university is Bro.
's defeat at the Battle of Tannenberg in East Prussia.
"Troublemaker" was a major commercial success.
、组装以及填图补洞等一道道科技难关，
He had one two-word line, "Yes, boss".
Later, smallmouth populations also began to decline after years of damage caused by pollution.
Tibooburra has a dry, hot, desert climate with temperatures above 40° Celsius (104 °F) in summer, often reaching as high as 47 °C (117 °F).
His most important paper, Om directionens analytiske betegning, (On the Analytical Representation of Direction) was published in 1799 by the Royal Danish Academy of Sciences and Letters.
The animal is dark to grey brown above and pale grey brown below.
尽管这对于保持命题适度简短是有用的，它也可能出现反直觉：在 S5 下如果某个事物是可能必然的，则它是必然的。
他在追尋真理的過程中大受感動，
He was known as le Grand Dauphin because he had a son, Louis Duke of Burgundy, while still the Dauphin of France.
Avrupa Liginde 15 maçta 12 gol attı ve bir kez daha gol kralı oldu.
Vipers are nocturnal, meaning that they sleep in the day and wake up at night to go hunting.
It made with bourbon, sugar, water, and spearmint leaves.
，台灣民主運動時期黨外人士稱兄弟二人為「大魏」、「小魏」，頗受敬重。
"Medwick was born in Carteret, N. J., on Nov. 24, 1911, and went on to star at Carteret High School in track, football, basketball and baseball."
The interpretation of animal psychology: anthropomorphism or behavior reading?
His music, which concerns love, peace, care and knowledge about the outside world has won him 25 Grammy Awards(the most awarded to a male solo artist).
The group includes Serbian Americans living in the United States for one or many generations, people who are citizens of both Serbia and the United States, or any other people who say that they are both Serbian and American.
SIAM Journal on Numerical Analysis, 10(5), 900-907.
Yine Elazığ’da Şehir Hastanesi açılmadan önce doğumevinin adı Sara Hatun’un adını taşıyordu.
Today, ships can pass each other in many parts of the canal.
Sol Muhalefet'in önemli destekçileri yavaşça Buharin destekçisi haline gelmekteydi ve grup üyeleri 1921'den başlayarak Yeni Ekonomi Politikası'nın sıkı bir destekçisi haline geldi.
Sheppard Robson helped to improve the building.
With Windows XP, only one calibration per joystick is enough, which is thought "valid" until the joystick is unplugged.
They sell do-it-yourself (
When the Earl of Warwick learned of Edward's marriage, he was angry.
There are many species in South Africa.
Hearst sailed to Cuba, when the invasion began, as a war correspondent, providing sober and accurate accounts of the fighting.
The aircraft was too low as it approached the runway as a result of confusing instructions from the traffic controler.
The skills of the characters (such as magic and fighting ability) are given as numbers which can be made better as the gamer plays through the game and gains experience points through doing quests or fighting enemies.
Culture: a critical review of concepts and definitions.
Then she was married to Chan Poling from 2005 until her death in 2011.
The team that made darmstadtium was led by Peter Armbruster and Gottfried Münzenberg.
The following individuals publicly confirmed that they had declined to be vetted by the Biden campaign.
A fourth season will start showing in the second half of 2013.
A man running in a park in Chicago.
In March 2006, she was nominated as the Republican candidate.
In 1994, he became First Deputy Chairman of the city of Saint Petersburg.
There are about 700 people.
That same note can also be called D♭ (D-flat) because it is the note before D. citation citation Flat means lower in pitch.
But, the Americans and the Southern government stopped the elections from happening because they expected Hồ Chí Minh to win because communist North Vietnam refused to hold free elections.
He played 25 games for Japan until 1980.
See also Category:Good articles.
As a side note, you do not have to use the letters x or y in algebra.
Block tries to reinvent himself as a new person.
The movie was released on December 18, 1998.
With total population of 38,749 (as of 31 December 2019), in 29 March infection rate is 1 case per 472 people.
之後，銀城在街上和一護會合，將他帶到一處廢棄的建築物裡，說明月島的能力之餘，還慫恿一護殺害月島以切斷週遭人與月島的聯繫。
Common names include changunga, muruci, murici, nanche, nance, nancite, chacunga, craboo, kraabu, savanna serrette (or savanna serret) and golden spoon.
The 1991 Orhan Kemal Novel Prize was bestowed on Peride Celal for her novel Kurtlar.
Hoatzins communicate through unusual sounds that resemble wheezing, grunting, growls, and hisses.
魔導聖戰～風色幻想～，爱好者中通称“魔导”或者“风1”，
This room is located above or below the hoistway (or only below, for hydraulic elevators) and may contain machinery for a single or a group of elevators.
The ventral face of the hood may have a pair of small dark spots followed by a dark transverse band.
Knowing that the Operative is likely to be waiting for them, Serenity opens fire on one of the Reaver ships while coming back.
Since administering this new chart rule, several songs have charted twice, normally credited as "Part 1" and "Part 2".
It was El Cortez.
Anti-fans' targets are various.
Under the current constitution of the Republic of The Gambia, the President is executive head of state.
It stayed there for 14 weeks.
This makes the Rainbow Serpent a symbol of the world's oldest continuing religion.
》等書，創立昭文館、集賢院、史館三館書院，賜名崇文院，皆沿唐舊制之名。
Şiirleri, İngiltere ve Amerika'da alanında sanatçılar tarafından sanatsal olarak övgüler aldı.
In 1873 Saint-Saëns finished the score.
In D.H. Clayton and J. Moore (eds) Host-parasite evolution: general principles and avian models, 338–369.
飾演）因為陷入財務危機不惜鋌而走險，決定與他的客戶—夜店老闆雷納（
This made it hard for the Dutch infantry to fight.
In 2009 he was re-elected to the 15th Lok Sabha from the Chevella constituency and was a Union Minister for Urban Development and Union Minister for Petroleum and Natural Gas.
Kumaun: The Land and the People.
Smith Center was created in 1871. citation The first post office in Smith Center was created in January 1873. citation Like Smith County, Smith Center was named after Maj. J. Nelson Smith of the 2nd Colorado Cavalry.
The first version of The Scream was drawn in 1893.
There is an 18th-century castle called Schloss Amerdingen.
現時則祈求國家鎮護，在神社前舉行步射 。
Örneğin 2014 yılının 12. haftasında çıkan 4. Snapshot 14w12d'dir.
Daha önceleri ada başka isimlerle biliniyordu.
He was awarded the America Award of the Italy–USA Foundation in 2015.
，方才完成一統；太祖於961年及969年先後兩次「
Clark mist all but 6 games in 2010 because of anothe injury.
However, Germany kept preparing an attack on the Soviet Union, moving its soldiers close to the Soviet border.
Langston partly retired from his career during the 1990s, to focus on raising his daughter.
Miyamoto got married and changed her name to Tomomi Miyamoto (宮本 ともみ) from Tomomi Mitsui (三井 ともみ) in 2002.
Bu oyunlarda oyuncular ellerinde ritim aracı olarak tahta kaşıklar bulundururlar.
马普切神话中的主要神灵群体是比利亚尼诸灵（Pillañ，灵；善灵）、瓦额伦诸灵（Wangüḻeṉ，星；祖先之灵，且都是女性）、额恩诸灵（Ngeṉ，主人；自然之灵）、韦古弗诸灵（Wekufü，恶魔；邪灵）。
A character in anime is often called ecchi, or even hentai, when he is perceived as being a pervert.
In 2016, the journal had an impact factor of 7.725. citation The journal claims that it will not advertise its impact factor.
In 2013, Hades 360 and Outlaw Run have inversions.
Philby (cryptonyms: Sonny, Stanley), fled the country in 1963.
After trying for several weeks William bribed the Danish Fleet to withdraw from York for the winter.
They are also used as service animals, sometimes being called "nature's butlers." citation Some organizations have been training capuchin monkeys to assist quadriplegics as monkey helpers in a manner similar to mobility assistance dogs.
The Solomon River runs through the southern part of the county.
Each year is slightly more then 365 days in a solar calendar; which is why there are leap days every 4 years.
It was originally named the Institute of British Architects in London and formed in 1834.
Dunne died on May 24, 1937 in Chicago, Illinois, aged 83.
He was also popular the role of Rustam in the movie Qadisiyah.
His most well-known last words are, "Kiss me, Hardy".
There are an average of 74.0 days of precipitation, with the most rain occurring in May with 7.0 days and the least rain occurring in July with 4.4 days.
任这个厂的工艺设备主任、副总工程师。
He wants Conway to lead the lamasery.
兄長需要照顧弟妹，弟妹則需要尊重和服從兄長。
The internal structure of a graphene battery is quite similar to that of a standard lithium-ion battery pack.
In the Yarra River wetlands, some of these traps had stone walls about convert high.
These boys played a match against a team called Humaitá, and won.
It was given a charter in 1600 and traded many things in India.
然而，儘管他試圖保存這20年來衍生出的最精華詞彙、鄉民文化及歷年重要事件 ，但即便是他自己早已經習慣使用的語言，查詢內容仍然相當耗費心力 。
它是由斯呂特及其工作室创作于1395年至1403年，
Dördüncü evre olarak tanımlanan dönemde ise tüm Mezopotamya'ya yayılmıştır.
当时建设有供水大厦，东风商场，五星商厦等。
’nın yanına gönderildi ve Hürrem Sultan, onun yerini aldı.
" and blamed corrupt billionaires and companies for trying to avoid paying taxes and called it unfair.
It is at 50° 41 North, 03° 20 East.
Ancak 1967 yılında beri şampiyonluk elde edememişlerdir.
The national anthem and the state emblem were each adopted in 1954.
These forces were supported by the Ninth Air Force, which knew where 75% of the pillboxes were.
次年任中国文艺社常务理事兼秘书长。
不过，虽然下村脩已研究萤火鱿有40年之久，其二人至今仍无法解开萤火鱿发光机制之谜 。
而爱普生（EPSON）使用的是压电喷墨式技术。
It affects up to 80 percent of all patients who have had diabetes for 10 years or more.
Delta II was a rocket used to launch various projects into space.
，立志向孙悟空学习，拜师学习本领，在大自然中探索奥秘。
When the area of the park was made larger in 1986, the park's name became Aso Kujū National Park.
The development of huge size wasn't just a one-off event for the sauropods, but rather different types of dinosaurs were able to become colossal".
Police identified the alleged shooter as 17-year-old Dimitrios Pagourtzis, who was taken into custody.
China is now one of the largest economies in the world, relying mainly on exports.
In 1817 he said the area was "unfit for white settlement".
，因此反對去蔣其實就是間接支持威權施暴，紀念兩蔣就是刺傷了許多受害者。
They started to require the drawer's signature to be confirmed.
Swedish musician Laleh co-wrote "Stone Cold", "Father" and "Yes" from Lovato's fifth album, Confident.
He was a military leader in medieval Spain.
This digestion process takes much longer than opening the shell, perhaps a couple of days.
Santa Cruz Kuzey deniz taraçalı kıyı şeridi hava fotoğrafı, Kaliforniya, not karayolu 1 alt taraçalar boyunca sahil boyunca işletme.
，1989年10月10日，頁379。
He served in the United States Senate from 1981 to 2005.
滿洲國臨時政府為籌措重建滿洲國資金，開放納捐制度，捐款美金五百元就可獲賜「公爵」勳銜，美金一千元以上可獲八旗旗領，名額僅五名，
，意思是兩個族群能夠維持一個不為零的數量，並且在簡單的模型中能夠永久持續。
Bunlar William Walker Atkinson ya da meşhur adıyla Yogi Ramacharaka, BOTA kurucusu Paul Foster Case ve o sıralar Kuzey Amerika'da Alpha & Omega majikal mabedlerinin şefi Michael Whittey'dir.
The 2007 Formula One season was the 58th edition of the championship.
In 1951 he started his career as a clergyman.
If this is so, they would be the earliest known form of writing.
In the 2002 iteration of the first game, he says instead "A second late, you would have fit nicely into a sandwich."
It is a test of skill and strength over a long time.
Ticheli has won many awards.
In 2010 an analysis of available genetic data, mapping them to phylogenetic trees, gave "firm quantitative support for the unity of life.
In the middle of the building is a four-storey glass tower containing the ‘’King's Library’’, with 65,000 printed volumes along with other pamphlets, manuscripts and maps collected by King George III between 1763 and 1820.
It is the only country in the world to be next to three oceans at once.
As period 1 only has two elements, there are no remarkable periodic trends.
Retrieved on November 11, 2009.
Knowledge about geothermal energy is not well known.
Theoretical models predict that, over the next few hundred million years, gravity slowly condensed the gas into denser and denser regions, in which the first stars eventually appeared, marking Cosmic Dawn.
Cellulose is a very complex carbohydrate and consisting of 3,000 or more glucose units.
They divorced after a seven-year separation.
Many of his works were made in collaboration with his wife, Coosje van Bruggen, who died in 2009; they had been married for 32 years.
Whilst European economies suffered during the First World War, the USA experienced significant growth.
生日不固定，作者秋本治曾說這是「Open Birthday制」，早期在欄外標注「根據不同的情況，部長的生日變成○月○日」，最近改為「部長的生日是變動制」 (10月15日、6月19日、4月14日等)，身高162cm，體重68kg，血型不詳 在こち亀大全集「Kamedas2」中為A型，兩津曾說其是典型的AB型性格，90巻2話「警察手冊進化論!
Menshutkin反应（Menshutkin reaction），以俄国化学家 Nikolai Menshutkin (1890) 的名字命名。
As a result Jodhpur, too, acceded to India.
Shimizu participated in the "Tigers Memorial Club Band" formed in 1988.
The people who live on both sides of Shandur Top speak the Khowar language.
，高度由極地及山區的5厘米至溫帶草原和林地的2米。
The word at the base is in-flammare (late Latin).
In the Mario sport series games, she wears different dresses because she cannot play well in her normal, long, pink dress.
A year or two before the Doctor returns to Leadworth, Rory is studying nursing when Mels triggers the relationship, Mels tells Rory and Amy that they have feelings for each other.
Treatment is recommended for 1–2 weeks.
He left the show and was replaced by Julian Dalrymple-Sykes, played by Ben Aris.
Chicho Ibáñez (1875–1981) was even longer-lived than Garay.
National Cultural Centre, Port Vila.
Most of them had been digging since they were 10 years old, with generations of mining history and were often shorter than regular soldiers.
She helped with women's involvement and the Seneca falls convention.
灵吸怪的身体呈淡紫色，皮肤像冷冰冰的弹性橡皮一样，上面还覆盖着一层反光的粘液 citation 。
But other people think it is good that a lot of people want to live in the county because then the county will make more money from taxes.
In 1998, Carey successfully got ABC to get an American version of Whose Line? produced.
Metformin come as a tablet and taken by mouth.
It was opened up into a single vaulted space in the 18th century.
The group rose to fame with their debut song, "I Can Do It."
He was a very conservative in his views on music, and after his proposed changes to the Conservatoire were ignored, he set up his own music school, the Schola Cantorum in 1894.
It is hard to know exactly how many people live in the city because many of them are nomadic.
From 1986 to 1992, he was Portugal's first European Commissioner.
It was the 29th state to join the United States.
" en ünlü tablolarından biridir.
Üçtepe mahallesi, 1987 yılında Kocahasanlı'nın mahallesi iken köy yapılmıştır.
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa is divided into 26 districts.
His father was a musician and composer.
Bu bölgelere göç edenler Kafkas kültürü etkisinde kalmaları sonucu bu bölgedeki Rumlar Kafkasya Rumları olarak adlandırılır.
徐梁（1899年3月24日-1977年6月20日），字任之，中華民国軍事人物。
編輯內容以繁體中文版為準，閱讀頁面會自動進行地區詞轉換。
領導風格較為溫和，卻也在紛爭之時顯得軟弱。
On February 28, 2007, new designs of the 5 to 50 naira banknotes were introduced.
The movie was released on August 10, 2012 to mixed reviews.
He died May 22, 2010 from cancer.
It can depend on the operating conditions of the instrument.
Where the limpets eat the algae, off bare rocks, it causes places where other organisms can grow and thrive.
The definitions of the units are often being changed.
In 1702, the Society of Jesus founded a university called Leopoldina.
The complete series of The Broker's Man was released on DVD by Acorn Media UK on 4 February 2008.
The captain of the show boat has a daughter who is a singer on the boat.
Some women never forget, and remember the child on birthdays, and some even say they think of the child every day.
How much time will pass on earth?
The nomes remain in place for more than 3,000 years.
As input numbers get arbitrarily small, the output will simply get arbitrarily large, and if we draw this on a graph, the line will stretch upwards without bound before it touches 0 on either axis.
", the first known use of the term in chess.
This is the final time Satan is mentioned in the Book of Job.
They told the women in the stereotype threat group that they were investigating why men were better drivers than women.
In Japan, Fukudome formerly played for the Chunichi Dragons of the Central League from 1998 to 2007.
Madara is a member of the Uchiha Clan, one of the strongest clans of the village of Konoha.
She rejects him because of her past.
，曾就讀Hapdo幼兒園、main（Sinjae小學前身）、main、main並畢業於main。
Bu, altındaki platform tünellerinin inşasına izin vermek için 16m çapında, 42m derinliğinde bir şaftın kazılmasını da içermektedir.
For convenience, engineers working with computers tend to group bits together.
、鄂复明、周眉英)、《北京之春》（
When you measure something with a metre stick, you can compare that measurement to anything else that is also measured with a metre stick.
A teenager suffering from Narcolepsy, a well-known hypersomnia.
They are usually olive green, brown, or grayish-brown in color with black rhombic-shaped blotches, but not all have blotches on them.
Farklı zamanlarda, farklı açılarda ve boyutlarda gözlemlenmiştir.
水着サプライズ発表」 時，想有一位成員在中心，因此需要有奇數的封面成員，
The ratio of carminic to karmesic acid was 8:1.
With the help of celestial cattle, Niulang flew to heaven with his son and daughter.
The capital is Gusau.
At first, Airbus Industrie did not sell many planes.
Nick Welch works in advertising.
There are two stories on how Dionysus was born.
Adult ones can weigh between 18 and 32 kg (40 and 71 lsb).
Recorded a total of 22 maps, new modes "Parcheesi Town" also doubles the fun element!
Caihong was a rather small dinosaur.
Gustav Stresemann's success owed much to his friendly personal character and his willingness to change.
This includes frigates, submarines, patrol boats and auxiliary ships.
Eoraptor was a small, lightly-built archosaur that walked on two long legs.
Army and rose to the rank of captain.
The ring is estimated to contribute 5% to the total brightness of Haumea.
Doktor, Yarım Yüzlü Adam'ın (diğer robotların kontrol düğümü) bileşenlerini o kadar çok değiştirdiğini, artık orijinal formunda bulunmadığını ve varlığını sürdürmek istemediğini iddia eder.
Şu anda aktif olarak modellik yapan Merih Öztürk, aldığı oyunculuk eğitiminin yanı sıra okuluna da devam ediyor.
Millions of acres globally are devoted to the production of cotton, whether it be new world cotton, with longer, smoother fibers, or the shorter and coarser old world varieties.
There are many forms of cognitive distortions.
中央行政區是大莫斯科市合併改制完成後唯一的完全位于一環地區的市轄區（綠城行政區位于二環地區，和一環地區接壤，周邊完全被北行政區包圍。
The city limits are boundaries that define where a city ends.
It was awarded to all Air Force service members who qualified after Jan.
A catalyst can also be used in a reaction again and again as it is not used up.
Some of the people froze to death in the snow.
A blinking text cursor, stopped in the middle of typing the word Wikipedia.
Being cold blooded, these animals need heat from an external source such as the sun to control their body temperature.
The Church of Scientology asks its members to quit all communication with Suppressive Persons (those whom the Church deems antagonistic to Scientology).
He was adopted.
While still in London, he also started to participate in politics.
多次暗殺的失敗讓文崔斯陷入反思，最終她決定放棄西斯之道，回歸暗夜姐妹的大家庭。
刘应明（1940年10月8日－2016年7月15日），男，
Another superstar, Lee Jong-beom, made his debut in 1993.
Formation of Martian gullies by the action of liquid water flowing under current Martian environmental conditions.
This causes electricity to flow through the wires, carrying electrical energy.
In the sky above the field Mufasa's ghost appears and tells Simba that he must go home because Simba is the right king.
He then crashed out in Japan and spun in the torrential rain at the season finale in Australia.
Normally it is not as steep as a mountain.
EF58型电力机车采用2Co-
Bastides are cities that are characterised by a main square with arcades.
Tosca was a great success.
Pulteney Bridge in Bath, designed by Robert Adam.
According to Vikernes, Blackthorn only came along to show Euronymous some new guitar riffs and was "in the wrong place at the wrong time".
An image that is partially in focus, but mostly out of focus in varying degrees.
在1908年，席尼·賀頓（Sidney H. Haughton）命名了第三個相關種G.
蒙古人接触藏传佛教后，集体皈依其衣钵下，从上到下侫佛十分厉害。
The answer is: Samuel was the cat and Jessica was a goldfish.
Aragorn decides to take to the Paths of the Dead.
The drill is then repeated as necessary.
The government put up a reward of £25 for Ward’s capture.
A history of ancient mathematical astronomy.
深愛著施莞的妹妹閤彩，當他知道閤彩深愛著一枝梅後，又更加瘋狂地想要抓到一枝梅。
Kennedy was "always ready to help less fortunate fellow Irishmen with a little cash and some sensible advice."
He did this from about 1660, and reported it in his book Micrographica in 1665.
Since then, it has been used in common names for turtles in the English language.
Union-backspace-dieresis (∪̈) was a recognised and upright smiley in the early seventies.
It consists of Diu Island and a part on the mainland (the Ghoghla peninsula).
It gets very hot when it is dissolved in water.
Vitamin A is used by the body to make rhodopsin, a molecule which absorbs light.
We prove this fact by showing that if there is a program that solves the halting problem then something impossible happens.
The third, final series was shown from 2 April to 21 May 2010.
Currently, modern chipsets for Itanium supporting such technologies are manufactured by HP, Fujitsu, SGI, NEC, and Hitachi.
She lives in Monte Rio, California with her partner and partner's son.
Tarzan and John Carter were some of his characters that became famous.
No message could come inside the city, or go outside the city.
Some of it goes into ponds.
A chainsaw is named for the row of teeth attached to a flexible chain.
，她不考慮後果而行動去找小泉，結果幾乎身無分文的她在陌生的土地上迷路，還好在吃拉麵的時候遇到小泉而獲得小泉的援助 單行本第2冊 第十九碗『
根據傑克遜的說法：「手腳泡在低於攝氏零度的水中，或是跨越夏季融雪產生的爛泥尋找動物蹤跡，都是很不令人愉快的工作，但據我所知，布魯斯卻常常做這些事」。
Himeko- Kurohime's form as a child, she differs greatly from her adult self, besides the fact that she is adorable and cute while her adult self is sexy and beautiful.
He has been on Europe's team 8 times in the Mosconi Cup from 1994 to 2004.
For this the painting was initially called "Without escape".
His first full-length album, Bo Burnham, was released the following year.
His full, formal name is Shuja ul-Mulk, Hashim ud-Daula, Nawab Ja'afar 'Ali Khan Bahadur, Mahabat Jang''.
Since forces result from mutual interactions, the road must also be pushing the wheels forward.
This idea goes back a long way in history (at least 2,500 years).
Victoria Huckenpahler, "Verdy, Violette," in International Encyclopedia of Dance, edited by Selma Jeanne Cohen and others (New York: Oxford University Press, 1998), vol.6, pp.327-329).
Finally, Burnside decided on Banks ford and U.S. ford.
The United Islamic Front for the Salvation of Afghanistan (the Northern Alliance) controlled a small part of the country in the north.
For fifty-one years Maria had a very good friend in her stepmother.
After Shaq's college career he had 1 child.
The song is about their grandfather's clock.
They return to the same area every year, where they clear a space about convert in diameter and then build the bower.
He played from 1999 until his death in 2014.
The city has a monument to the horse-head fiddle (morinkhuur), the national instrument of Mongolia.
，1916年被革命党人贾正魁抓获，沉入江中而死 金兆龙后来充当北洋政府的侦探，
Like the atomists (
This map does not have vents for the Impostor, but holes that connect the different buildings.
Belediye Başkanlığı Jürgen Liebsch tarafından yürütülmektedir.
"Goodby," she wrote to a friend in the winter of 1917.
It is the second of a group of three piano sonatas.
These words were hidden under a layer of plaster, on top of which was chiseled another inscription honoring Ptolemy the king as builder of the Pharos.
The seat is in Solna.
Bairavaa thinks to use PK's right hand Kottai Veeran as the evidence.
Part of the Royal Manas National Park is in the district.
Germany went undefeated in 2017.
The price of flute depends on the material, but there are many different playing situations, so not only expensive flutes are useful.
Tuck: The Body is bent at the waist and knees with thighs drawn to the chest.
He was a wealthy man who very hard worked along with all of the pilgrims.
相異於許多現代的貓種，俄羅斯藍貓是一種純天然生成、未經人工育種的貓種，
The Chattahoochee River is about convert long.
When they left the responsibility for protecting Sydney and Sydney Harbour was now in the hands of rich colonies like New South Wales and Victoria who now had to organise its own defences.
It has a long blade, and a handle called a hilt.
At the age of 12, he witnessed all 18 members of his family massacred by the Indonesian Army.
Boeing wanted to make it, and Pan American asked for six of Boeing's planes.
In Aomori city, they use the word “Nebuta”, and in Hirosaki city, they use the word “Neputa”.
十月初六日生，行一，曾祖蹇源斌，贈榮祿大夫少師吏部尚書；
Annals of the History of Computing.
She died at age 21.
佩尔纳的遗体沿电梯井落入了建筑底部，事故两天后才被搜救人员发现。 citation 另外建筑物内也有11人遇难，这11人当时都在直接受到飞机撞击的main和main办公室。
Fondue chinoise and Fondue bouriginonne are served with different sauces or dips.
The Beijing Organizing Committee for the Games of the XXIX Olympiad.
、角川電影、日本電影衛星放送、
Ayrıca Shukaku ve Gaara sonunda Uzumaki Naruto tarafından yenilgiye uğratılır.
Chagi yoksul yaşam bir sürdüğü için adından söz ettiriyordu.
His invention consisted of a double pointed needle with an eye at one end.
Bach wrote: "Notulis crescentibus crescat Fortuna Regis" (“may the fortunes of the king increase like the length of the notes”).
Kalibangān is a prehistoric site at coord in Rajasthan.
Judith's father called her a "spoiled brat".
Lucas married Ivy Nancekivell in 1926 and took over the family farm.
Garbage is the waste we produce daily in our homes, including old or unwanted food, chemical substances, paper, broken furniture, used containers, and other things.
Sometimes a run-in results from a face wanting to stop a heel from physically punishing a weaker opponent, usually to set up a feud.
There are changes such as rounded corners, sensor "notch" at the top of the screen, and a sign for going to the home screen.
Some examples of things manufactured by The Pokémon Company include figures, costumes and handheld video games.
İlk mezunlarını 1989–1990 dönemi eğitim-öğretim yılında vermiştir.
在缺水的情況下，焦炭就會形成，影響合成氣的產量：
Mekfoula Brahim, activist and president of For a Green and Democratic Mauritania says that Mohamed was a victim of a very hard prison sentence because he belongs to a powerless and hated group.
The WaveBird does not have the rumble feature that the normal GameCube controller has, as that would make the battery last for a shorter amount of time.
Approximately one third, or 36.5%, of all households earned more than the mean income, while 63.5% earned less than the mean.
》獻唱OST《너없이 어떻게.
Ünlü Svaneti tarzı kuleler, 9-12.
Players can purchase bell bottom blue jeans instead of street properties.
There are two reasons why the player encounters MissingNo., both as a result of programming bugs.
They must have a sign with the letter "L" (called an L plate) on both the front and back of the car.
Kilise; devlet, siyaset ve toplum hayatında gerektiğinde kullandığı ciddi bir nüfuza sahiptir.
For 25 years from 1977 Head was technical director at Williams Grand Prix Engineering, and responsible for many innovations within Formula One.
Not all of these features have to be on a furry character for it to be a furry character.
The transistor can also work when the gate is just positively charged, so it doesn't need to be touching the drain.
Osmotic pressure is a colligative property, meaning that the osmotic pressure depends on the molar concentration of the solute but not on its identity.
In general, periods were named after places where the rocks were easy to see.
Gençler şampiyonasını kazandı ve Havana'da fazladan antrenman yaptı.
From April to October 2007, and in 2020, he was the head of state of San Marino (
Bob Woodward, Obama's Wars (New York: Simon and Schuster, 2010), p. 371. Obama offered Blair the opportunity to devise a face-saving cover story, but Blair refused: "You want me to lie?"
The talent agencies train new artists and bands for the K-pop industry.
He worked also in a project of physicists known as Manhattan Project.
A version of Coppélia was staged by the National Ballet of China in Beijing in 2002.
一般而言，接近基要派或福音派的基督徒，都比较喜欢圣经辅导，多於心理辅导；而那些比较接近自由派的，则仍然主张心理辅导。
他主持在柏克萊成立太空科學實驗室的委員會，
雖然如此，卻未露出第三點，展現出較唯美的畫面。
After the release of White Light, White Heat, White Trash, Social Distortion went on an extended hiatus.
Nèijiā is a broad term used mistakenly in the West as a synonym for the more specific Wǔdāngquán styles, named for their association with the Taoist monasteries of Wudangshan range, Hubei Province in Chinese popular legend.
Awards for Windows Phone 7 has two awards on September 5, 2014, after the end of support four days later.
David V. Hope (born October 14, 1964), better known by his stage name David Kaye, is a Canadian-American voice actor, best known for his roles in animation.
's ProTour in 2005 saw the tour reorganised.
Forty-two teams (one from each county) advance to the next phase.
As engineering continues to develop, control engineering is often wanted.
This used to be more common than it is today.
港鐵稱事故涉地下水滲漏，正在維修。
One day, Scales goes to chase a group of birds flying in the sky.
Ahmed Jibril accused the Israeli intelligence agency, Mossad, of responsibility for the killing, but a spokesman for Defense Minister Benjamin Ben-Eliezer said Israel was not involved.
，是以防洪、灌溉、供水为主，兼有发电、养殖等功能的大（一）型水库。
Genesis has been seen to only start when this region converted to agriculture (the Neolithic Revolution, mentioned above).
家山乡眷兮会时稀，今朝设宴兮觥散飞。
Julia Ching, "The Falun Gong: Religious and Political Implications," American Asian Review, Vol. XIX, no.
It was released on DVD on February 13, 2007.
They attempted to rescue Burton from underneath the bus by lifting it with a crane, but the crane slipped, and the bus landed down on top of Burton a second time. citation By that time, he was already dead at just 24 years old.
Although Arthur never officially granted her the protocol of a formal position, she proved to be a popular and competent hostess.
İspanya'da yaklaşık 6.000 Türk vatandaşı yaşamaktadır.
The capital is Mansa.
The duties (things they had to do) varied in different towns and at different times in history.
It is sometimes called the 'visceral nervous system' or 'involuntary nervous system'.
按照发行量统计的话，目前全美的四大报分别是《
Başbakanlığı döneminde flaman bölgesinde ekonomi canlandırdı ve altyapı yatırımlarını artırdı.
Doktor'un kendisini savunması için kanıt sunmasına izin verilir.
Lawrence Philip Sanchez (born October 22, 1959 in London, England) is a Northern Irish football manager and former player.
She began her acting career in the late 1960s doing guest appearances on several popular TV shows.
John McCain (R., Arizona) spoke at length"
Ana kuzusu Roy (Somer Karvan), karısı June (Ebru Akel) ile 15 yıllık evlidir.
Lee became a public face for Marvel Comics.
He was head of the National Umma Party.
She falls and injures her legs.
玛瑙是玉髓类矿物的一种，经常是混有蛋白石和隐晶质石英的纹带状块体，硬度7-7.
The hectocotylus was originally described as a parasitic worm.
，政治腐败，整个社会千疮百孔，民不聊生。
The game also features a branching storyline with numerous endings, and will even keep track of which branches the player has played through.
It uses up to 40 trails in the Moab area.
The Javanese Brahmanda was translated by the Dutch Sanskrit scholar Jan Gonda and compared to Sanskrit texts found in India.
File:Edvard Munch - Shore with Red House - Google Art Project.
This helps let the air in and out.
Hughes planned to launch himself in a rocket on August 10, 2019, citation but mechanical troubles postponed the launch.
When they return to the farm, Jim is recaptured while Tom is unconscious.
This is in addition to state's rights to maintain militias.
从1989年开始基罗加与一名美国人结婚。
根據英國廣播公司的報導，在英國的大部分清真肉類都是經過這種屠宰方式處理 citation ，但有人批評這些屠宰方式過於殘暴及漫長cfn。
The society studied and encouraged people in Leipzig to compose music.
He went to the Prague Conservatory and Academy of Performing Arts in Prague.
Sometimes the Prime Minister shares information with other politicians on Privy Council Terms.
Information regarding the measures, formula, and gains (savings) is regularly and openly shared with all employees.
An MRI scan can be used as an extremely accurate method of disease detection throughout the body.
There were several other people inside the store but none of them saw the shooting.
，九州最大的遊樂園格林主題樂園位於此。
裴垍、李藩贺道：“陛下纳谏，超冠百王，是宗社无疆之福。
The movie was released on February 12, 1993 and got good reviews.
Most sawflies belong to the Tenthredinoidea superfamily, with about 7,000 species worldwide.
Aranea and Joy decide to stay with Cardigan, and the movie ends as Wilbur has to baby sit Templeton's kids.
The girls are really cheered up and think they will soon be able to join their mother in the West.
Born to Edward and Elizabeth (Paine) Lord in Dover, Delaware, Lord was partially deaf, and had limited speaking ability.
TCP is used for applications that strictly require reliable transfer (
He was the eldest child of Eliza Jarvis and John Spurgeon.
Many small birds take 2–4 weeks to hatch eggs.
Geniş ağ kurmak için mutlaka bulunması gereken ağ elemanıdır.
There were 9,200 people living in the Wellington Shire.
The most famous bodega is the Osborne and Terry Bodegas.
Ilinden Bulvarı'nı Goce Delčev Bulvarı'na bağlayan Goce Delčev Köprüsü'nün onarımım 11 Nisan 2011'de başladı ve aynı yıl içinde tamamlandı.
This requires one bit per pair of cache lines, to indicate which of the two was the least recently used.
The National Party government under Verowoerd continued to develop the military, and it successfully made new developments in arms production including aircraft, small arms, armed vehicles, and even nuclear weapons.
They give birth to live young (
爲養母方便，請改南京吏部驗封司主事。
It comes from putting two (or more) other words together, citation like motel, from motor and hotel.
Burada daha geniş bir kitlece tanındı ve üç büyüklerin transfer listesine girdi.
Luchas de Apuestas (gambling fights) are matches where both of the wrestlers put something on the line, usually their mask or hair.
Zippo, for lighting pipes.
There are many cultivated varieties, which grow-up in a temperature at 7C - 26C, most cultivars like cooler tempertatures.
In 1929 Kodak created motion picture film for adding sound to motion pictures.
This city has produced many literate persons who had served at distinct posts of Pakistan like; in Juidiciary, education, politics, economy, engineering, business.
Crash cymbals are very often used to mark the start of a new section of a song.
Shortly afterwards, Queen Margaret and her son arrived in England.
Finding no other alternative Pakhi agrees and they get married secretly.
On the other hand, egrets are not a biologically distinct group.
The sixth election of AKB48 took place from May 20st to June 6th 2014, with results announced at Ajinomoto Stadium (味の素スタジアム).
It developed gradually around 1800 BCE.
This also meant the salary of clergy effectively tripled, that year.
He was born in Šabac.
Dale daha sonra, babaları komadayken Allen'ın çocukları Ben ve Billy ile ilgilenmeye başlar.
The song is about a person's depressions and his miserable mind.
Spectroscopic notation is based on facts taken from molecular symmetry.
People started exploring the resources in the 1980s.
Abbé Marci, court mathematician and Diviš' friend commented: 'Blasphemant, quae ignorant' (condemning what they do not know).
It was made by 3D Realms and sold by Apogee Software.
Then, starting on April 3rd, they marched north toward Grant's army.
They also share most of their activities and ensembles with the other high schools.
Tiyatrosu ile hem İstanbul'da hem de Anadolu'nun çeşitli şehirlerinde oyunlar sergiledi.
It is different from other canned milks since it does not have added sugar.
In Monohorpur village 528 people are workers out of total population.
，關於孔劉飾演的金信一角，金銀淑透露「金信」
Breckland District gets its name from the Breckland landscape region.
UNESCO Long description of the Mausoleum of the first Qin Emperor.
